"Hoss" Hound and his Farm Bill
#@!!%. This is the racist crap Indians have to put up with because Dan Snyder is a stubborn wretch
$10 an hour wages, benefits, promotions ... and it's a burger chain
$10.10 wins
$15 living wage could be coming to one Washington city, despite Koch-funded opposition
$2,832 a year for a single parent is too high a salary for Alabama Medicaid
'America Rising' Super PAC starts their anti-Clinton fundraising efforts
'Ban the box' to keep ex-prisoners from being locked into a life of crime
'Best' of Fox 2013 Grand Finale
'Best' of Fox 2013 Tourney: Day 1
'Best' of Fox 2013 Tourney: Day 2
'Best' of Fox 2013: Day 3
'Best' of Fox 2013: Day 4
'Best' of Fox 2013: Day 5
'Best' of Fox 2013: Day 6
'Best' of Fox 2013: Day 7
'Best' of Fox 2013: Day 8
'Best' of Fox 2013: Day 9
'Brosurance' makes its debut in Colorado
'Christian values' Hobby Lobby purchases its products from #1 'family planning' nation China
'Common sense' and 'reasonable doubt' do battle in George Zimmerman trial. Jury begins deliberations
'Curious' George (Zimmerman)
'Discrimination' does not mean what Raul Labrador thinks it means
'Ex-gay' group sends out fundraising plea promising 'The End of Homosexuality'
'Fed up, fired up', North Carolinian Rosanell Eaton, 92, in front lines of voter suppression fight
'Grassroots' egging on GOP suicide mission
'I can do anything I want on my property!' he screamed, and fired three more rounds. GunFAIL XLVIII
'I have a dream ...'
'I support the troops, but they did volunteer …'
'It's the Statue of Liberty, not the Statue of Immigration'
'Joe the Plumber' takes a union job at Chrysler
'Legitimate rape' and 'Abortion Barbie' bring in the bucks for Democrats
'Madiba' Nelson Mandela has left us
'Marry,' 'Mary' and 'merry'—it's all the same to me. What's it to you?
'Meet the Press' vs. Snowden. Who's more crooked?
'Mr. Grand Theft Auto' calls White House spokesman a 'paid liar'
'Republicans ought to be part of the solution,' says allegedly influential Republican
'Serious' Republicans unnerved not by shutdown damage to nation, but to party
'Significant' spill of coal slurry taints creek in West Virginia
'Stand with Rand PAC' tells FEC they meant Ayn, not Paul
'Stop This Overreaching Presidency' bill now sports 100+ co-sponsors, because of course it does
'Thank you, Mitch, for supporting me. But please, keep your distance.'
'That's Vice President Joe Biden'
'The biggest ongoing disaster in the United States you haven't heard of'
'There aren't the votes in the House' to end the Republican shutdown? Prove it.
'We're building a domestic army' -Marine Corps colonel speaks out
'We're not going to transform our country if we don't stand up for democracy'
'Weak draft, re-do': Rep. Mark Takano slaps GOP immigration letter
'Will you serve your full six-year term as U.S. senator?' Absolutely, said Sens. Warren and Obama
'Women for Team Mitch' event digs deep to come up with pro-women McConnell vote
'Women on the Right UNITE': GOP launches new campaign to pretend it cares about women
'Yes, it is bread we fight for, but we fight for roses, too'
'You can keep your health insurance' lie of the year or half-true? PolitiFact says both!
'You don’t dream when you’ve got food stamps.' Really?
'Zero evidence' of a 'legitimate traffic study' in Christie lane closures
11-year-old asks Michelle Rhee and StudentsFirst to rescind educator award
125,000 Arkansans will get to keep their health care in 2015
15 things everyone would know if there were a liberal media
150 years ago, the greatest July 4th of them all
16 states now at four-year unemployment lows, but jobs recovery is still behind past recessions
19 things conservatives insist on comparing to slavery
2.3 million kids rely on unemployment aid Republicans are blocking
2003 vs. 2013
2013: Racism retrospective and 'Racist of the Year' nominees
2013: The year in elections
2014 begins with Obamacare ad war
2014 looks as bad for Democrats as 2012, and how did that year turn out?
2016 hopefuls Paul and Cruz to rally Senate against people having health insurance
2016 is a year let's speculate!
2016 watch: Rand Paul says Chris Christie is 'embracing Obamacare'
2016 watch: Scott Walker flirts with himself, Rand Paul gets explicit
3 in 4 disapprove of Republican Party's handling of government shutdown
300,000 Arizonans win, will get Medicaid
300,000 Floridians' health policy cancellations undone
3rd-quarter GDP grew much faster than previously expected. Some firms raise 4th-quarter forecasts
4th of July picnic in the park
5 Tips for Living in a Surveillance State
50 billionaires received $11.3 million in farm welfare, could get more in new farm bill
50 years later: President Obama on anniversary of March on Washington #1
5th Circuit Court judge faces ethics review
60 Minutes report confirms all Obama conspiracies
60 Minutes screws up again, this time on clean energy
60 troops fired after military record checks turn up sexual assault, other convictions
65% of Americans want Keystone XL pipeline even though 47% think it could harm the environment
70-year-old great-grandmother fired for helping free an innocent man
90-year-old DOMA-supporting Republican congressman accidentally attends LGBT pride reception
91-year old WWII vet schools Republicans on the difference between their shutdown and 'epic battles'
94% of the 330 state legislators who introduced abortion-restricting bills in 2013 are Republicans
9th Circuit strikes down Arizona anti-Planned Parenthood law
A $14 million taxpayer abuse scandal
A 98 square foot home of their own
A CBO report shows how Obamacare will help the working poor
A Cheney starts another war
A Democratic contract with America: How to retake the House and combat economic inequality
A Game of Thrones: 'The Rains of Castamere'
A Mayor Anthony Weiner may be a good thing for New York and America
A Nazi history lesson: Alienated whites in Obama's America
A Walmart Thanksgiving
A bachelor's degree earns young men less in real terms than their counterparts made 40 years ago
A belch of freedom
A big bunch of of idiots bought an even bigger bunch of idiots ...
A big giveaway for billboard companies in Wisconsin
A bogus conversion on discrimination laws from a blue-state Republican up for re-election? No way!
A botched website vs. bodies floating in the streets: Not the same thing
A congressman's new interpretation of the Fourth Amendment
A conversation with Sen. Byron Dorgan about his book Gridlock
A customer service reality check
A day that will live in infamy....
A dellion here, a dellion there, and pretty soon we're talking about real money
A family dinner
A giant sucking sound
A giant sucking sound.....
A good jolt
A grand bargain probably won't happen, so what now?
A journalist's plea to her colleagues: Get the 'Medicare cuts' story right this time
A message from the Health Insurers of America
A mom named Marissa
A new House Birther takes the stage: Rep. Markwayne Mullin, c'mon down
A new progressive champion is born deep in the heart of Texas
A nuclear showdown looming over judicial nominees?
A pebble watches the avalanche: First-hand report from the most epic netroots victory ever
A political crisis
A proposal for profiling
A real restaurant worker speaks: Obamacare will be 'wonderful'
A river of money runs through it...
A road not taken: Reagan's road to climate perdition
A simple guide to the 'War on Women'
A simple step to spending slightly less time in purgatory
A solar energy system is installed in U.S. every four minutes
A tale of two 'keep your health insurance' bills
A tale of two New Yorks on race
A tale of two Zimmermans: A radical and a racist
A tax break both parties can agree to limit
A very Chagrin Falls Thanksgiving
A very bad day for Marco Rubio
A victim of GOP Obamacare sabotage speaks out
A victory for 2014 FIFA World Cup soccer fans
A view into the upcoming Medicaid gap
A year after Newtown, too little has changed
A year at the lake
A&E reinstates Duck Dynasty star after outcry in support of bigotry
A. Philip Randolph, the union leader who led the March on Washington
ABC News fall for another of Issa's manufactured scandals
ABC-Washington Post poll: Public approves marriage equality rulings, opposes voting rights decision
ABC: U.S. believes Flight 370 communication systems shut down separately, hinting a deliberate act
ACLU lawsuit highlights growing dangers for women at Catholic hospitals
ACLU sues White House over 'dragnet' data collection
ACORN—defunct for 3 years—is still being defunded by House Republicans
ADP reports just 130,000 new private jobs created in October. Shutdown assigned some of the blame
ADP: 135,000 private jobs gained in May. But the inevitable revisions to come will change that
ADP: Economy created 200,000 private-sector jobs in July
AFL-CIO adopts resolution criticizing part of Obamacare
AFL-CIO ads broadcast Republicans' ugliest anti-immigrant words
AFL-CIO forms partnership with student activist group
AFL-CIO may target Texas in 2014 elections
AFL-CIO policy director: 'No cover' for politicians on Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid cuts
AFL-CIO sets its sights on six GOP governors for 2014
AFL-CIO's Trumka: 'It used to be your issues and my issues. We want it to be our issues.'
ALEC crawls from under rock to do damage control
ALEC takes a 13-0 beating in fossil-fueled effort to gut states' renewable energy standards
ALEC's 1985 fight against 'the homosexual agenda' is still with us
ALEC's assault on the 17th Amendment
ALEC's trouble continues as Visa leaves
AOL CEO reverses benefits cut decision
AP review: Christie's traffic jam didn't kill anyone ... but it could have
Abbbreviated Pundit Round-up: Debt limit edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round Up: 2013 -- the year in stink
Abbreviated Pundit Round Up: a historical edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: 'Different than Bloomberg' de Blasio leads in polls
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: 'God help us if we get a worldwide pandemic'
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: 'Marry who you love' and other bedtime stories
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: 50 years later...
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: 60 Minutes Benghazi story and retraction hurts CBS News credibility
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: @WendyDavisTexas shows how it's done
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: ACA is here to stay, and so might be the GOP civil war
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: ACA signups, and Chris Christie is still toast
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Amidst feuding, GOP turns off the un-old and the non-white
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Anatomy of a media disaster
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Angry does not equal populist edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Anita Hill, City vs Country and more
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Argument about NSA spying, climate change and more
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: As healthcare.gov gets fine tuned, the conversation shifts
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Beyond the NSA headlines
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Building up to a strike
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: China vs. Google
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Chris Christie is still in big trouble
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Christie wins, Cuccinelli loses, effect on GOP uncertain
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Christie, ACA, Iran sanctions
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Christmas and beyond
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Complicity of Congress in Total Information Awareness
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Conflict and controversy
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Controversies on mammogram screening, minimum wage, and immigration
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Covering ACA as a complex, ongoing policy (not horserace politics)
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Crazy Then, Crazy Now, Crazy Forever Edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Damn, Dirty Ape Edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Democrat pulls ahead in final pre-certification VA AG vote
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Distortions of the new CBO report; Creationism vs Science
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Dream Edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Drop in early childhood obesity, ongoing problems in Ukraine
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Either Boehner gets Democratic votes, or...
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Even more Obamacare success and other health stories
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Explosions, scandals, odds and ends
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: False claims that Obamacare tightened the VA Gov election
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Fear and loathing about Obamacare
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Footnotes? We don't need no stinking footnotes edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Free Advice Edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: GOP is apparently proud to be the stupid party
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: GOP is running away from reality
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: GOP plays a weak hand
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: GOP problems now coming out of the woodwork
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: GOP to discuss debt limit as fallback
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: GOP's Latino problem, their IRS problem, and more
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Global warming, headaches and more
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Good news on HIV, and Chris Christie is still toast
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: How ACA really works
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: How bad is November for D's and what can be done?
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Incompetence Department
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: It's not alive! Edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Job approval? Average it! plus climate and more
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Kabuki Tea-ater Edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Katie Couric mangles HPV show, Obama talks social justice
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Labor, War, and Lab Animals Edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Leaderless House continues to flounder
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Legally Illegal Immigration
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Lo! It's... Crazy Theory Sunday
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Mapping the Republican brain
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Marco Rubio, loser
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Mayor De Blasio, Justice Sotomayor and more on ACA
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Media eyes on Texas
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Mend it, don't end it vs zilch
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Millennials and trust, more on Ukraine
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Minimum wage, maximum controversy
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Moms and grandmoms
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Moral injury, NRA and the Surgeon General, 538 and more
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: More GOP slippage, more shutdown aftermath
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: More on ACA and Oregon ERs
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: More on ACA winners and losers
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: More on ALEC, more on Obamacare
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: More on Christie, ACA and GOP overreach
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: More on Obamacare good news
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: More on the health exchanges, a little on history
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: More things that matter
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Moving ahead on health reform, waiting on immigration reform
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Mr. and Mrs. Cancer explain to us how we should die
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: NJ politics, Gallup mea culpas
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: NSA leaks and other arguments
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: NSA, Newtown and anti-science wackaloonery
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: NYC Mayor, Obamacare and more...
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Nate Silver and the art of political reporting
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: New twists with the debt ceiling, including an SGR explainer
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Newtown is a movement, not a moment
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Newtown, minimum wage, and more
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Next Stop, Doooom Edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: No support for neocon ideology
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Now it's the 17th Amendment?
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Obama care news improves
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Obamacare is here to stay
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Obamacare is here. Deal with it.
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Obamacare successes; misunderstanding Senate power grabs
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Of cantaloupes and Kings
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Of safety nets, church abuse and making things better
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: On Jenny McCarthy and ABC's poor decision making
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: On Obamacare and income inequality
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: On Obamacare, poverty and income equality
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: On forgiveness and politics
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: On heart disease, mammograms, Hillary and group identity.
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: On poll wording and GOP hype
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: On satisfaction and legacies
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: On the 41st anniversary of Roe v Wade
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Pulling the wings off flies edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Pundits at the blackboard edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Recall and speech fallout, as the war drums get softer
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Religion right, religion righter
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Reports of Goliath's death are exaggerated edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Republicans bypassing reality on their way to dealing with Obamacare
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Republicans try libertarian populism on for size
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Scrimshaw Edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Sense and insensibility
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: So what's wrong with not bombing Syria?
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: So why did Jeff Bezos buy the Washington Post?
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: So, it's war, then?
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Some of the best and the worst on Obama's remarks
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Syria in the crosshairs
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Team 26 and other stories
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Team 26, Arkansas private option, and more
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: The 'embattled' Chris Christie
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: The 'trust' chicken comes home to roost
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: The Grinch-OP got a wonderful, awful idea! Edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: The jobless, the powerless and the feckless
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: The modern Republican
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: The nihilists surrender
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: The nuclear option; media revisits Obamacare narrative
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: The public's sour mood about DC
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: The times, they are a-changing
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Things worth remembering
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: This Modern GOP
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Those war drums are real quiet these days
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: To no one's surprise except House leadership, the House folds
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Touching on 2016
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Utah struggles to deal with 21st Century
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: VA recount, Senate budgets, GOP ambition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: WH taking fire on Obamacare
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Wealth redistribution is a majority issue
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: What losing looks like
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: What's next? Tea party tries to gin up paranoia about education
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: When people notice the GOP has nothing...
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: When to shoot students and other tales from the culture wars
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Whither the GOP?
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Who will feed your soul edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Why ACA won't enter a death spiral, and other bedtime stories
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Will the revolution really be televised? Not if there's a trial.
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Winning moves
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: With a name like "dump slurry," you know it must be good edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Yet another GOP Governor scandal
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: [Fill in bridge joke here] because Christie ain't laughing
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: dontfuggetaboutit edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: the horror of helping people edition
Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: Я Київської edition
Abbreviated Pundit Roundup: Detroit, the royal baby, and more
Abbreviated Pundit Roundup: Hunger's not a game
Abbreviated Pundit Roundup: Poverty, corporate welfare, and more
Abbreviated Pundit Roundup: What a week!
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Boehner's Republican House fails, Paula Deen says what she means
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Bowles & Simpson at it again, low wages, inequality and white Santa
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Christie's base, starting wars, Rubio not the 'Republican Obama'
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Crack cocaine limbo, ignoring poverty, searching our laptops
Abbreviated pundit round-up: GOP trimming its right? What's the skinny on Keystone XL?
Abbreviated pundit round-up: George Zimmerman acquittal, Republicans play their own hunger games
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Jim DeMint, kamikaze architect? Janet Yellen, dove's dove?
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Killing Jordan Davis, democratizing the Fed, blocking Comcast merger
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Mandela's legacy, marriage equality's victory, voting rights fallout
Abbreviated pundit round-up: NSA reforms, net neutrality, killing endangered species to save them
Abbreviated pundit round-up: NSA surveillance, Samantha Power at the U.N., weak jobs report
Abbreviated pundit round-up: No tears for J.P. Morgan, the battle vs. the war, is Booker 'green'?
Abbreviated pundit round-up: On the brink in the Ukraine, subsidies for the 1%, Oscars for the 1%
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Political mayhem at CPAC, the Fed's most brazen bank hand-out
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Politico's white media, wussification, and honoring the 'real' Mandela
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Reality and Republicans don't mesh, Janet Yellen, Jeb Bush 2016
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Reid staves off more sanctions, sexism and Wendy Davis, Moral Mondays
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Sen. Baldwin talks economic justice, Bradley court martial to start
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Stiglitz—Detroit in extremis, drug-war spying, stand your ground
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Trade pacts at the expense of the 99%, fighting over job metrics
Abbreviated pundit round-up: Wall Street and tea party still pals, wealth over work, Gitmo forever?
Abbreviated pundit round-up: jobless dissed in DC, subversive Beatles changed us, boycotting Sochi
Abbreviated pundit round-up: the jobs report, Ellsberg on Snowden, Missouri lawmakers on guns
Abbreviated pundit roundup: A GOP more dysfunctional than you could ever imagine
Abbreviated pundit roundup: A diplomatic proposal to avoid military strikes
Abbreviated pundit roundup: ACA is here to stay, restoring jobless benefits and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: ACA signups spike
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Analyzing the Tea Party
Abbreviated pundit roundup: And now, for the Republican debt ceiling debacle
Abbreviated pundit roundup: As one democracy celebrates its Independence Day, another is in turmoil
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Bezos buys The Washington Post
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Black Friday edition
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Budget, unemployment benefits, Sandy Hook and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Cheney family values, rising ACA enrollment and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Christie apologizes
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Climate change, a living wage, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: College affordability, Syria, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Comcast-TWC merger, Republican policy failures, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Corporations can't have "religious beliefs"
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Cory Booker, unshared productivity, GOP-imposed gridlock
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Deadbeat Republicans
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Debunking the latest Republican lie about the Affordable Care Act
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Democrats' fault lines, Iran's sanctions, Wall Street's crooks
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Detroit as Greece, Confederate graves, Will Summers replace Bernanke?
Abbreviated pundit roundup: ENDA, cutting food stamps, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Facts matter
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Fixing the Affordable Care Act
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Fixing the nation's spying laws
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Focusing on justice
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Food stamp cuts, Syria
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Four dead girls, Colorado recall post mortem, Syria, Larry Summers
Abbreviated pundit roundup: GOP ignoring the facts on Obamacare
Abbreviated pundit roundup: GOP in disarray, Egypt and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: GOP obstructionism, the Pope's comments, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: GOP's poor approach to poverty, Ukraine, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Gene patents, Newtown anniversary, Syria and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Global warming, immigration reform, executive orders and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Go girl! Go union! Sister wives and morality. Jail food...isn't
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Goodbye crappy insurance, hello to affordable health care
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Gun violence, that Coke ad, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Heartless GOP keeps holding up unemployment benefits
Abbreviated pundit roundup: High hopes for progress on low wages
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Holding America's economy hostage
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Holding firm against Republican blackmail demands
Abbreviated pundit roundup: House GOP votes to take away food from millions of Americans
Abbreviated pundit roundup: House Republicans shut down the federal government
Abbreviated pundit roundup: In search of Republican grown-ups
Abbreviated pundit roundup: J.P. Morgan's modern connection, retail workers on the precipice, jobs
Abbreviated pundit roundup: John Boehner's very bad day
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Judge rejects NSA surveillance program
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Kerry outshining Clinton? Obama missing key point? Protecting Santa?
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Latest on Syria, Krugman on recovery and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Manning, Snowden and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: McBudget, economic mobility, Detroit vs. Atlanta
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Medicaid expansion is the moral thing to do
Abbreviated pundit roundup: NSA oversight, torture reports, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: New FISA oversight bill introduced
Abbreviated pundit roundup: New Year's Eve edition
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Obamacare, Detroit's bankruptcy and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Opinions on Syria, unions, education and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Playing offense on Obamacare, the NRA, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Pressure builds for Brewer to veto Arizona discrimination bill
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Put Syria response to a vote
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Putting PRISM under the microscope
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Raising the minimum wage, Arizona bill veto and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Rejecting austerity
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Republican opposition to ENDA, ACA, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Republicans blocking voter access, jobless benefits, etc.
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Republicans continue their war on the nation's poorest citizens
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Russia's discrimination, Krugman deconstructs another myth, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: SCOTUS decisions deconstructed
Abbreviated pundit roundup: SCOTUS ruling on voting rights
Abbreviated pundit roundup: SOTU and income inequality
Abbreviated pundit roundup: SOTU preview - the wealth gap, gun control and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Sabotaging affordable health care
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Sanders suggests some budget changes that don't punish workers
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Senator Kirk gets flak for obstructing immigration reform
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Silence on West Virginia chemical spill, GOP rebranding fail and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Spying reform, blaming the poor, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Syria, Syria, Syria, Syria, Syria, Syria, Syria, Syria and Labor Day
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Tackling Republican filibuster abuse head on
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Taking on the Koch brothers, debunking Obamacare lies and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The Democrats and VW loss, do we need less White House restraint?
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The GOP's Obamacare paradox
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The GOP's apathy
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The GOP's reversal on immigration reform
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The NSA, the ACA and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The Navy Yard shooting and gun control
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The Republican Obamacare obsession and that Putin op-ed
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The Republican shutdown continues
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The Safe Chemicals Act, net neutrality, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The debate over a response to the massacre in Syria
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The economy, tailgating against Obamacare, and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The fallout against Republicans continues
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The much-improved Healthcare.gov
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The nuclear agreement with Iran, 'free' trade, the busted filibuster
Abbreviated pundit roundup: The War on Poverty
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Tributes to a great man
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Truth, justice and the American way
Abbreviated pundit roundup: Ukraine, poverty, taxes and more
Abbreviated pundit roundup: We need to raise the minimum wage
Abbreviated pundit roundup: What's the biggest problem for the GOP over Obamacare? It works
Abbreviated pundit roundup: food stamps, meeting Iran's president, Guantánamo still open
Abbreviated pundit roundup: shutdown foolhardiness, Netanyahu says no regardless of who says yes
Abolitionist Frederick Douglass: Lincoln's thorn and partner, speaking on the fifth of July, 1852
About that 'government making health care choices for you,' Ms. McMorris Rodgers ...
About the Koch brothers and cancer victims
Accidentally shot by an 'otherwise responsible gun owner.' GunFAIL XLIX
According to Paula Deen, she is just like a gay, black NFL player
Activists say TransCanada works closely with DHS, local cops to spy on and infiltrate Keystone foes
Actual Republican memo to political reporters: 'Obama All Talk No Action for Hispanic Community'
Actual photo of the moment Democrats lost the white working class vote
Actually, that poll showed Hillary's top negative was 'nothing'
Ad calling out Walmart's employee food drive airing in Walmart's home town
Ad targets Republicans over 1.3 million Americans on the brink of losing unemployment aid
Addict congressman returning to work—still hasn't talked about his vote for drug testing the poor
Administration aiming for soft launch of Obamacare on Oct. 1
Administration announces another Obamacare delay
Administration considers enlisting professional sports leagues in Obamacare PR campaign
Administration delays implementation of employer mandate under Obamacare until 2015
Administration delays patient cost-savings rule
Administration extends Obamacare enrollment six weeks, wingnut wurlitzer cranks out new lies
Administration has an out from its ridiculous saber rattling, it should take it
Administration lawyers: We have to spy on you to protect your privacy
Administration makes last-minute rule change for those with cancelled policies
Administration marshals more forces to fix HealthCare.gov, not a moment too soon
Administration proposes rules to make getting insurance easier
Advocates can still sue under Voting Rights Act if new laws discriminate, but it's expensive
After CPAC flop, now Mitch McConnell won't even say if he owns a gun
After Newtown
After Newtown: An interview with American Academy of Pediatrics president Thomas K. McInerny, MD
After calling Obama a 'subhuman mongrel,' Ted Nugent campaigns for Texas's Greg Abbott
After filibuster change, Rand Paul says Senate needs 'an anti-bullying ordinance'
After mass shooting, Rick Perry to tour nearby gun manufacturer
After revelation that Christie asked Cuomo to back off bridge lane closure inquiry, top aide resigns
After saying 'dang straight' he'd keep his pay, Rep. Lee Terry climbs down from Mount Schmuckface
After today, Ted Cruz's dream of a government shutdown will be back in John Boehner's hands
After tough three-ish days of not working, Congress takes a long weekend
Again? Another Koch 'victim,' another lie
Ahead of Obamacare contraception case, majority wants employers to stay out of it
Aides back Hoboken mayor's story as FBI investigates Sandy corruption claim
Airport that hosts Walmart's 19 corporate jets gets a special tax subsidy
Al Gore: "Civilization might not survive the next 100 years"
Alabama Education Committee moves school prayer bill forward after chair forgets how to count
Alabama GOP advances multiple extremist anti-abortion bills
Alabama GOP nearly boots College Republican from steering committee for having opinions on things
Alabama survivor speaks out on her rapist avoiding prison
Alan Keyes and Rep. Louie Gohmert say 'elites' plotting to depopulate the world
Albertsons worker sues chain for work conditions causing premature birth and death of her baby
Alex Sink, Democrats' best-known option, will run for the House in Florida special election
Alison Lundergan Grimes to challenge Mitch McConnell
All aboard the Clown Town Express!
All else failing, House Republicans set up 50th vote on Obamacare repeal
All eyes on Senate for deal to end Republican shutdown, avoid default
All of Mitt Romney's worst fears are being realized
All politicians must run in support of Obamacare and progressive values
Allen West continues to have opinions on things
Allen West is mad at Lady Gaga and ... oh, what's the point
Allen West says he never experienced racism because he was 'respectful'
Allen West wonders if Obamacare is plan for 'racist cleansing'
Allen West: Fight against sexual assault is part of 'an assault against the United States military'
Allyson Schwartz leaves Third Way
Almost 4 million uninsured denied mental health care in states that won't expand Medicaid
Already underfunded domestic violence programs fear sequester cuts
Amazon's free publicity party
America needs a raise
America should get off the stupid pills and invest heavily in renovated, innovated infrastructure
America's Bestest Idea
America's Dumbest Congressman forms a new PAC
America's Dumbest Congressman: 'we're going to be listening to Santa Claus tonight.'
America's form of capitalism kills free enterprise and democracy
American Family Association's Fischer: 'Uganda stands with' Duck Dynasty star
American Indian unemployment far above that of general population with no relief in sight
American Indians won the right to vote in 1924, but some officials still haven't gotten the message
Americans don't want food stamps cut. Too bad Congress does.
Americans for Prosperity hauls out the big lies in anti-Obamacare push
Americans want less income inequality and they want the government to make it happen
America’s health care cost slowdown and the disappearing debt
An Obamacare enrollment trend to strike fear in the heart of Republicans
An abortion walks into a bar and says to the bartender ...
An alternative Christmas carol in case you're sick of the tape loops at the mall
An apology, '60 Minutes'?
An atom of difference
An avalanche of spin, but few tea leaves, in the Florida 13th
An elderly veteran delivering pizza? The system has failed us ...
An even bigger potential intelligence leak: Microsoft
An ugly decision
An unhappy 60th birthday: The CIA coup of 1953 still resonates in Iran. Operation Ajax remembered
Analysts offer wildly different estimates of what the Republican shutdown cost the economy
And Bill O'Reilly's head grew three sizes that day
And away we go
Andrew Cuomo following Joe Lieberman path to presidency
Andrew Cuomo says mean thing; Sean Hannity vows to leave New York
Andrew Cuomo's Hitler billionaire pal even bullied the pope
Angela Giron and her local Fox News-wannabee wingnut rag
Animal Nuz #151
Animal Nuz #152
Animal Nuz #153
Animal Nuz #154
Animal Nuz #155
Animal Nuz #156
Animal Nuz #157
Animal Nuz #158
Animal Nuz #159
Animal Nuz #161
Animal Nuz #162
Animal Nuz #163
Animal Nuz #164
Animal Nuz #165
Animal Nuz #166
Animal Nuz #167
Animal Nuz #168
Animal Nuz #169
Animal Nuz #170
Animal Nuz #171
Animal Nuz #172
Animal Nuz #173
Animal Nuz #175
Animal Nuz #176
Animal Nuz #177
Animal Nuz #178
Animal Nuz #179
Animal Nuz #180
Animal Nuz #181
Animal Nuz #182 -- 'Only a Prawn in Their Game'
Animal Nuz #183
Animal Nuz #184
Animal Nuz #185
Animal Nuz #186
Animal Nuz #187
Animal Nuz #188
Animal Nuz #190
Animal Nuz #191
Animal Nuz #192
Ann Romney reveals the startling news of which Republican Mitt favors in 2016
Annual 'Time Use Survey' released: 23% of employed Americans did all or some work at home
Anonymous CNN executive praises Flight 370 coverage. It's 'in our wheelhouse.'
Another 100,000 people will have lost jobless compensation before Congress ends its latest vacation
Another Boehner 'Plan B' bites the dust
Another Boehner Fail: House rejects Boehner-backed farm bill
Another GOP leader sucks up to Trump
Another GOP representative babbles incoherently when asked to explain her criticism of Obamacare
Another House Republican gang, another way to fight Obamacare
Another House Republican introduces another bill to sue the adminstration because reasons
Another Koch brothers' Obamcare 'victim,' another fact check
Another Obamacare 'delay' that really isn't a 'delay'
Another Obamacare horror story unravels
Another Republican, another lie about Medicare cuts he voted for
Another courtroom, and another anti-marriage-equality case grasps at straws
Another day, another Obamacare vote in the House
Another day, another Ted Cruz tantrum
Another day, another sign that Mitch McConnell is in trouble
Another debunked Obamacare horror story: Republican attack ad cites phony job loss numbers
Another election, another Obamacare 'showdown'
Another fiscal crisis looms as Congress plans yet another vacation
Another little bit of conservative hucksterism exposed
Another not-really-a-scandal Obamacare scandal
Another poll shows most blame Republicans for shutdown
Another reason why Mary Landrieu's bill is a political winner
Another rural hospital closes because of state's Medicaid refusal
Another shutdown victim: Yummy, yummy D.C. food trucks
Another thing Republicans shut down? Your safety on the job
Anti-abortion pregnancy center lies caught on tape
Anti-abortion zealots ask for Wichita clinic to be closed, citing possibility of 'violence'
Anti-choicers are getting ugly in Michigan and Terri Lynn Land is okay with that
Anti-gay protestors boo injured Marine veteran
Anti-racism is not 'anti-white,' no matter what Republicans say
Anti-teacher groups get failing grade from teacher of the year
Anti-vaccine megachurch hit with measles epidemic, now offering free vaccinations
Antibiotics used in livestock: Making us even sicker than we thought
Antonin Scalia develops split personality disorder
Antonin Scalia, supreme whiner
Any time there are no good options, better to choose one of them that doesn't include bombing
Anyone can be a PAC. Even you, unhinged crackpot guy.
Appealing to the ladies....
Appeals court upholds Texas anti-abortion law
Applications for initial claims for unemployment compensation fall to five-year low, 326,000
Applications for jobless compensation rise to 309,000. Lower than expected. But what does it mean?
Appropriations subcommittee whacks EPA budget below 1978 levels
Architectural firm proposes 1,300 mile bike path along Keystone XL because that solves everything
Are California doctors really boycotting Obamacare? Of course not.
Are fast food workers worse off than servants 100 years ago?
Are there any real Obamacare horror stories?
Are you a Christmas asshole? The Republican Party has got you covered.
Are you a school shooter if you bring a gun for safety, but accidentally shoot yourself? GunFAIL LIV
Are you an election junkie? Here's how to get your fix
Are you in a group the Teapublicans hate?
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer announces she will not run for re-election
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer vetoes pro-discrimination SB1062
Arizona Republicans introduce bill protecting 'freedom' to discriminate against LGBT Americans
Arizona Republicans who voted against disaster relief demand their state get disaster relief
Arizona State Sen. Steve Gallardo comes out: calls SB 1062 a 'game changer'
Arizona faces economic pressure over anti-gay bill
Arizona firefighter widow fighting for benefits
Arizona governor's office worked on 'religious liberty' bill language before veto
Arizona okay-to-discriminate bill passes legislature, headed to Brewer's desk
Arizona's discriminatory SB 1062 is a good thing
Arkansas Medicaid expansion fails in the House, for now
Arkansas Republicans hope to dump 85,000 out of Medicaid
Arkansas gets Medicaid expansion waiver
Arkansas legislature fighting over continued Medicaid expansion
Arkansas legislature still pondering cutting 85,000 off Medicaid
Arkansas senator campaigns on one minimum wage increase while opposing another
Arkanshole
Arming teachers in Arkansas
Army chief of staff on sexual assault: 'Maybe we have a bigger problem than I imagined.' You think?
Army colonel: 'Ugly women are perceived as competent,' so use them in PR efforts
Army general won't get jail time in sexual assault plea deal
Army sergeant accused of recruiting soldiers as prostitutes
Arpaio crony, Fox News darling, Senate candidate and militia leader arrested for child molestation
As SC allows guns in bars, 15 people are accidentally hit in bars in other states: GunFAIL LVIII
As budget deadline gets nearer, things get more complicated
As contenders mull 2016 bids, Ted Cruz finds he really, really likes visiting Iowa
As diplomacy begins, Russia balks at French proposal
As gay couples line up to marry in New Mexico, Republicans vow to fight equality
As much as Republicans willingly shoot themselves in the foot, you'd think they'd want gun control
As one-percenter Bruce Rauner narrowly wins GOP nomination, Democrats attack on minimum wage
As popularity plummets, establishment Republicans suddenly concerned about governing
As predicted, Obamacare approval is climbing
As the Olympics get underway, gay and lesbian activists are being arrested in Moscow
As we wait for Colorado recall results, here's some trivia
Asian girlz
Asked about the shutdown, Republican Rep. Gary Miller shoves the cameraman
Assad: Attack would 'support al Qaeda'
At $2.13 minimum wage, restaurant workers struggle to put food on their own tables
At 175,000, slightly more jobs were added in May than expected. Jobless rate up at 7.6%. U6 at 13.8%
At 3.6 percent, third-quarter GDP growth higher than previously reported, but weaker than it looks
At a farm Friday, Obama will announce drought relief. But why not back two year-old climate bills?
At convention, AFL-CIO embraces transgender and young workers, condemns mass incarceration
At hearing, GOP congressman says Syria attack is a plot to cover up Benghazi, IRS and Obamacare
At least 13 dead at Washington Navy Yard, including shooter; Additional suspect possible
At least 14 Republicans now support forcing innocent Americans into the slavery of Obamacare
At least one Republican realizes America doesn't look like Mitt Romney
At least one half-dozen protesters attend the return of Benghazipalooza
At the Weiner house
At the end of the pipeline: Sickness and death
At the risk of making Chris Christie sad, one more question
Attacking the leaker
Attention, journalists!
Attorney General Eric Holder announces plans to reduce mandatory minimum sentences for some convicts
August recess, brought to you by Club for Growth
Auld Lang Syne: a walk down memory lane
Austerity chieftains want to give 'corporate pirates' a big tax break while chopping safety net
Austerity in Chicago's public schools: A Greek tragedy of epic proportions
Automatic Data Processing reports economy created 139,000 new private-sector jobs in February
Axelrod mocks Coburn analysis that Obama is 'perilously close' to impeachment
BART running again as unions and management reach tentative deal
BBC reporter reveals the hilarious truth about the royal birth
BCS National Championship open thread: Auburn vs Florida State
Bachmann: Obama is taking my insurance away
Back end Obamacare error rates falling
Back to school
Backers of Military Justice Improvement Act are fighting to get to 60 Senate votes
Background checks on Snowden and Navy Yard shooter done by same private company
Bad CBO numbers send student loan negotiators back to table
Bad news for Republicans: Obamacare is helping their voters too
Bad student loan interest rate deal could be fixed with Reed amendment
Bagger's banquet: working on Thanksgiving
Balcony bully Michael Grimm has long history of being a jerk
Barbara Lee says more diplomacy needed in Syrian matters
Baucus's secret tax code reform foundering
Before Trayvon Martin, there was Oscar Grant
Before you sit down to Thanksgiving dinner, take this one action
Begosh and begorrah, these people are nuts
Being Ted Cruz's sidekick is not making Mike Lee popular with Utah Republicans
Being a good Republican is a surprising amount of work
Being poor in America
Beltway reporters offer Hillary Clinton long list of idiotic advice
Ben Carson
Bennett closed two public schools rather than give them the break he gave donor's charter
Bereft of real ideas, GOP resorts to same old Medicare lie
Betsy McCaughey back with exciting new Obamacare theories
Better Dead and Red: How the GOP blocked health care for red state Americans
Bevin promises popcorn for everybody in McConnell primary challenge
Bevin: 'There is nobody in Kentucky that is fooled by this Mitch-Rand love narrative. Nobody.'
Beyonce
Beyond the Margin of Error: The Virginia polling errors in context
Biden vote could be necessary to break filibuster
Big Ass Fans to Marsha Blackburn: Thanks but no thanks
Big Walmart protests planned for Thursday, protesting low wages and fired activists
Bigoted, lonely, and dumb
Bike totalitarians are coming to get you!
Bill Clinton (and maybe Obama?) demonstrates the type of thinking that led to the Iraq Debacle
Bill Clinton calls on GOP to give up repeal, and work to improve Obamacare
Bill Clinton has become vegan, reversed his heart disease and is sharing his recipes!
Bill Clinton heading to Kentucky to campaign for Alison Lundergan Grimes
Bill Kristol confuses fiasco-fatigue with war-weariness
Bill Kristol continues his long, slow descent into madness, Sarah Palin edition
Bill Kristol mansplains why Hillary Clinton not running for president would be 'inspiring' to women
Bill O'Reilly's new book says Jesus died to free the Jews from taxation
Billionaire leaves Gov. Rick Scott's re-election campaign after racist incident
Bipartisan group of 26 senators demand more information on NSA programs
Bipartisan group of senators introduce bill to declassify FISA court opinions
Birmingham Sunday
Birth control or a nice latte? Decisions, decisions ...
Birther finally reaches the right conclusion about Calgary Cruz, but for the wrong reasons
Bitter Family Research Council head declares the Southern Poverty Law Center 'terrorists'
Black History is American history: Books you should read
Black friday
Blackburn explains how GOP could be 'the great opportunity party' by opposing pay equity
Blackfeet elder Bob Burns says his son-in-law, ESPN's Rick Reilly, misquoted him on 'Redskins' name
Blame gerrymandering, but blame ticket-splitting too
Blame the Democrats for everyone else's stupidity
Blind squirrel finds enormous nut
Bloated corporate profits are costing American workers thousands
Bloomberg asks donors to cut off red-state Democratic senators over gun votes
Bloomberg poll: Obamacare gets record support
Bloomberg's gun campaign shifts to states and wins sure to be short-lived victory in Nevada
Bloomberg: Homelessness is 'just the way God works.' Especially with Bloomberg as mayor.
Bob Jones University helped cover up sexual abuse, fires investigative group
Bobby 'Stop being the stupid party' Jindal defends Duck Dynasty star because Miley Cyrus
Bobby Jindal and the great 'War on Religion'
Boehner admits Obama's tax plan reduced the deficit
Boehner ally: 'Jesus himself' couldn't get 218 Republican votes for something
Boehner asks Obama to pretty please work with GOP to delay Obamacare
Boehner backs Syria strike
Boehner blows more hot air between Steve King and House Republicans
Boehner bluffs again on debt limit
Boehner claims freedom from tea party moments before blocking vote on unemployment insurance
Boehner clears things up: 'No decisions about exactly what we will do'
Boehner comes up with a new explanation for why Republicans shut down the government
Boehner crying 'uncle' on finding Obamacare replacement?
Boehner fact checked on Obamacare: Yeah, he lied
Boehner finds another way to measure Republican failure
Boehner forced to delay vote on spending scheme
Boehner goes on Sunday talk show to say his immigration strategy is to stop talking
Boehner looking to kill unemployment deal rather than fix it
Boehner raises the white flag in Republican shutdown
Boehner rejects the premise
Boehner satisfied with a job well done
Boehner says Obama should negotiate over debt limit, but not with him
Boehner says Obama will 'run into a brick wall' when dealing with Congress
Boehner says border security must come 'before we begin the process' of immigration reform
Boehner says government doesn't work the way it's worked 42 times since 1980
Boehner says government shutdown was a 'predictable disaster' ... and he did it anyway
Boehner should pass same clean debt ceiling bill he gave Bush in 2004
Boehner solves that pesky 'Latino' thing
Boehner to House Republicans: No deal, no negotiations with White House on shutdown, debt limit
Boehner to include defund Obamacare scheme in House spending bill
Boehner tries to distract GOP from defund Obamacare scheme with more pointless repeal votes
Boehner tries to pass the buck on the least productive Congress, ever
Boehner under pressure after farm bill failure
Boehner vs. Boehner (spoiler: Boehner loses)
Boehner whitewashes GOP's debt ceiling history
Boehner's 'Moment of Truth'
Boehner's Bottoms Up
Boehner's big fight to create those Hill health subsidies he now denounces
Boehner's immigration conundrum
Boehner's immigration reform punt isn't some sort of shrewd legislative strategy
Boehner's job is threatened and he folds like a cheap tent
Boehner's mad states are 'cheating' to block food stamp cuts, but he's not doing much about it
Boehner's recess priority: Fundraising in Nevada, not talking to Ohio jobless
Boehner's tired old bluff
Boehner: 'I'll commit suicide before I vote on a clean minimum wage bill'
Boehner: 'Keep your plan' bill just a step toward repeal
Boehner: 'We have no intention of ever going to conference' on immigration reform
Boehner: Republicans keeping their hostages on debt limit
Boehner: Senate should 'listen to the American people' and give Republicans everything they want
Boehner: When all else fails, repeal Obamacare!
Boeing 777 crashes on landing at San Francisco International Airport
Boeing trades workers for bootlickers
Bogus study tries to scare 'Young Invincibles' away from Obamacare
Bombing Syria: What lesson will be taught if no lesson is learned?
Bombshell Benghazi report reveals not so much after all
Bombshell: U.S. is pumping 50% more methane into atmosphere than government reports
Bonus Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: KABOOM!
Book Review: Life After Life, by Kate Atkinson
Book announcement: 'Take to the Hills' by the Freeway Blogger, aka Patrick Randall
Book discussion: Eyal Press' 'Beautiful Souls' ... and whether Edward Snowden is one of them
Book review: Chris Hayes' 'Twilight of the Elites'
Book review: Collins' and Skover's 'On Dissent'
Book review: Eve Ensler's 'In the Body of the World'
Book review: George Packer's 'The Unwinding'
Book review: Jeffrey Toobin's 'The Oath'
Book review: Leigh Gallagher's 'The End of the Suburbs'
Book review: Mark Leibovich's 'This Town'
Book review: Parry-Giles' 'Hillary Clinton in the News'
Book review: The Quarry
Books: McKibben's 'Oil and Honey' and Benfield's 'People Habitat'
Border 'surge' plan could pave way for Senate passage of immigration reform
Bosses have all kinds of excuses for pregnancy discrimination
Boston strong
Both sides up with attack ads as McConnell primary challenger Matt Bevin enters Kentucky Senate race
Bottom line at World War II Memorial: Honor Flight organizer says 'We've had no problems at all'
Bowl game open thread kickoff
Brainiac Gingrich tweets that John 'Kerrey' should resign over 'delusional' global warming speech
Breaking 'news': Republicans coordinating attacks on Obamacare
Breaking Bad: Blood Money (5.9)
Breaking Bad: Buried (5.10)
Breaking Bad: Confessions (5.11)
Breaking Bad: Felina (5.16)
Breaking Bad: Granite State (5.15)
Breaking Bad: Ozymandias (5.14)
Breaking Bad: Rabid Dog (5.12)
Breaking Bad: To'hajiilee (5.13)
Breaking down the votes from the shutdown's end
Breaking news: Hillary isn't as young as she was 20 years ago
Breaking! There's still an AOL, and its CEO is an a-hole
Breaking: Republicans discover 'political gold' in Obamacare
Brennan doubles down on covering up torture
Brewer denies she's decided to veto Arizona anti-gay bill
Brewer's veto doesn't mean discrimination bills are dead
Brigido deported
Bring on the judicial nominations!
Brit Hume: Christie's no bully, he's an 'old fashioned guy's guy' in a 'feminized atmosphere'
Britain's special representative for climate change offers a dire warning
British parliament stuns Prime Minister Cameron and rejects military intervention in Syria
Brood CXIII congress
Brothers Koch decide Tribune newspapers not for them. Activist foes of purchase cheer
Bruce Springsteen and Jimmy Fallon sing about Chris Christie and the bridge
Bryan Fischer says U.S. Army is training to kill Christians and tea partyers
Bryan Fischer: If we say 'religion' really just means 'Christian', we're done!
Budget contours emerging, looks like a small bargain
Budget deal not as bad as expected for federal workers
Budget includes three-month Medicare 'doc fix' despite punting on emergency unemployment insurance
Building Virginia's blue wave
Building collapses in Philadelphia
Bush not Cheney's puppet, Peter Baker's new book says. Iraq invasion done to kick 'somebody's ass'
Bushmaster exec asks public to please stop victimizing his innocent gun
Busted over misleading websites, Republicans forced to make a change
Buying an American-made guitar
BuzzFeed finds yet more plagiarism in Rand Paul's book
By hiring a climate disinformer, Nate Silver undermines his entire premise of data-driven journalism
Bystanders wrongly pegged by New York Post as Boston 'Bag Men' file suit
CAP: 4 ways that GOP austerity policy has gone over the edge
CBO director: Obamacare won't kill jobs, it'll create them
CBO: Obamacare still not bankrupting the nation
CBO: Really, GOP, we didn't say Obamacare would kill 2.5 million jobs
CBO: Sequester will cost up to 1.6 million jobs
CBS Sports projects openly gay college standout will fall in NFL draft because he is 'a distraction'
CBS poll: Good news for Mitt Romney, bad news for Ted Cruz
CBS retracts bogus Benghazi report, apologizes for airing false claims
CDC chief: Shutdown 'really interferes with our ability to protect people'
CNN asks questions: Did a black hole take Flight 370?
CNN asks whether maybe God stole Flight 370
CNN breaks mold and tells truth about CBO report
CNN courting Jay Leno to add 'attitude' is like Olive Garden for an authentic taste of Italian
CNN cuts away from McConnell speech to cover Speaker Cruz's reaction
CNN poll shows same results as previous surveys: Americans oppose attack on Syria
CNN poll: Obamacare more popular than Republicans
CNN poll: Obamacare support edging up
CNN president looking for more 'attitude' and possibly a 'Duck Dynasty' imitation
CNN revises ethics rules so that Crossfire hosts need not follow them
CNN shouldn't get ANY primary debates
CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta does an about-face on marijuana
CNN's Headline News channel asks psychic to weigh in on missing plane
CWA's Larry Cohen: 'This is not democracy!'
Calgary Cruz releases birth certificate. Translation: He's thinking about 2016!
Calgary Cruz vs. Ted Cruz
California GOP creates fake health care website to discourage constituents from obtaining insurance
California GOP defends its fake health insurance web site
California GOP's convention headliner? The guy trying to steal California jobs
California a preview of coming attractions for national Republicans
California expanding voter registration through Obamacare
California hits 2014 Obamacare enrollment targets ahead of schedule
California hits huge Obamacare landmark
California starts regulating political blogging. Why?
Camp's House GOP tax plan hits blue staters hard
Campaign for paid internships sets its sights on the White House
Can Democrats run on Medicaid expansion? Of course!
Can Medicaid expansion bring people to the polls in 2014?
Can Santa be black?
Can a corporation believe in God? The contraceptive mandate in court
Can we just have Thanksgiving, please?
Can we stop with the 'apologize' nonsense, please?
Canada's Harper sure to try twisting Obama's arm on Keystone XL in Mexico meeting this week
Cancer patients still not being treated, and that's just one story of millions
Cantor said to be ally in efforts to fix Voting Rights Act. But how far is he really willing to go?
Cantor: 'No one is advocating a government shutdown'
Cantor: We'll totally keep government running, if you give up Medicare and Social Security
Captain Obvious: 'We didn't win'
Captain Summers gets the helm
Careful what you text, the NSA is probably watching
Cartoon: A job for IHOTFM-Man!
Cartoon: A pipeline runs through it....
Cartoon: A typical day
Cartoon: Advanced Econ
Cartoon: All fracked up
Cartoon: All-American Winter Games
Cartoon: Arizona discrimination, Leviticus style
Cartoon: BENGHAZI!!!!
Cartoon: Bestest Friends
Cartoon: Billy the Kitty goes to the click farm for Facebook likes.
Cartoon: Binge drinking
Cartoon: Blaming Obamacare
Cartoon: Car accident
Cartoon: Chelsea Clinton’s 2036 presidential debate with Ken Ham
Cartoon: Civil liberties brainbuster
Cartoon: Clues scarce in search for news
Cartoon: Congressional oversight
Cartoon: Corporate Cosmos
Cartoon: Crisis News!
Cartoon: Discrimination License
Cartoon: Divine intervention
Cartoon: Dr. Pill
Cartoon: Empathy Gap
Cartoon: Everything's healthy at the tobacco-free CVS
Cartoon: Free to chew: The other side of 'religious freedom' laws
Cartoon: From the desk of President Obama
Cartoon: G.O.P. youth outreach
Cartoon: Gohmert's Brain
Cartoon: Goodbye Net Neutrality, Hello Gilded Age Internet
Cartoon: Greetings from Florida
Cartoon: Guns and butter(ed popcorn)
Cartoon: Handbook for homophobes
Cartoon: Healthcare.gov goes viral
Cartoon: How Vladimir Putin protects Russia's children
Cartoon: Hungry Mungry
Cartoon: If it were terrorism...
Cartoon: Ignoring the warnings
Cartoon: Jack Gerard's American Petroleum Institute
Cartoon: Know your gang signs
Cartoon: Know your potheads
Cartoon: Lindsey Graham, True Detective
Cartoon: Little Vics for the 1%
Cartoon: Lucky Ducky makes a billionaire fear genocidal apocalypse
Cartoon: Melissa Harris-Perry-Gate
Cartoon: Monkey business....
Cartoon: My Story Told
Cartoon: NFL
Cartoon: Nate totally debunks global warming!
Cartoon: Neo Con time... again
Cartoon: New York Times columnist invades Ukraine
Cartoon: No more Woody Allen flicks
Cartoon: Obama Translated
Cartoon: Obama calls Putin
Cartoon: Obamacare Job Killers!
Cartoon: One minute Middle East update
Cartoon: Overseeing the overseers
Cartoon: Paul Ryan tours the 'inner city'
Cartoon: Ped X-ing
Cartoon: Percival Dunwoody, Idiot Time-Traveler From 1909
Cartoon: Progressive Kristallnacht
Cartoon: Public comment
Cartoon: Pufferfish madness in Chagrin Falls
Cartoon: Russia, land of tolerance
Cartoon: Soul Corner
Cartoon: Spectacle semiotics
Cartoon: Spheres of influence
Cartoon: Stand your ground, dirtbag
Cartoon: Stuff I wish I could say
Cartoon: Sunday Talking About Stuff Show
Cartoon: Super-Fun-Pak Comix
Cartoon: Super-fun-pak comix, featuring Quantum Mechanic
Cartoon: Support the drones!
Cartoon: Tasty Ukraine Bites for Pundits!
Cartoon: The Anti-Gay Law in Uganda and the Miracle of Denial
Cartoon: The NRA interviews Surgeon General candidates
Cartoon: The Wheels on the (Tech) Bus
Cartoon: The climate change winter games
Cartoon: The dignity of work
Cartoon: The gun
Cartoon: The home of the future
Cartoon: The one rich guy
Cartoon: The surveillance society: a look back
Cartoon: The truth about numbers: Bible Math!
Cartoon: The woman who took birth control
Cartoon: Tom Perkins is the Hitler of making accurate comparisons
Cartoon: Unlikely 2014 headlines
Cartoon: War time classic
Cash-strapped HHS struggles to advertise federal exchanges
Catholic Church was always pro-social justice, this Pope just makes it explicit
Cattle—not climate change—killing the Great Barrier Reef
Caught between a Mitch and a Cruz, Priebus offers a hashtag
Cave man cometh?
Cell cell
Census: Poverty rate, median income didn't budge in 2012. That ain't good, but it's an improvement
Ceres: A mystery world about to come into focus
Chagrin Falls - Gavin has nothing to hide from the NSA
Chagrin Falls: An Immigrant's Story
Challenges to Detroit bankruptcy will be decided in bankruptcy court, judge rules
Challenging racial inequities
Chamber of Commerce CEO taunts Ted Cruz as a useless, ineffective hack
Chamber of Commerce calls McConnell leader of 'the fight to fix' Obamacare
Change the brogram
Changes in driving behavior, especially among the young, should spur reworked transportation policy
Changing the culture of video gaming—gals, gays and people of color
Changing the subject
Charlie Crist: Rick Scott is responsible for six deaths a day
Charter school threatened teachers for trying to unionize
Cheers & Jeers: Rum and I'll Throw You Off This Effing Balcony FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers...Ain't Here
Cheers and Jeers: Ask Me Sumpin' FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Chestnuts Roasting On An Open FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Delete My ****I** Year in Review, Kos!
Cheers and Jeers: Have Shoe Buckles, Will Travel
Cheers and Jeers: Monday
Cheers and Jeers: Mutton and Hard Cider Thursday!
Cheers and Jeers: New series
Cheers and Jeers: Rum Balls FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Rum Between Two Ferns FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Rum and Coke FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Rum and Frostbite FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Rum and Good Riddance February FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Rum and Lots and Lots of Ice FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Rum and Odd Licorice Smell FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Rum and Putin Frowny Face FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Rum and Quintuple Axel FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Rum and Road Salt FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Rum and Six More Weeks of Winter FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Rum in Brown Paper Bag FRIDAY!
Cheers and Jeers: Thursday
Cheers and Jeers: Tuesday
Cheers and Jeers: Wednesday
Cheers and Jeers: Xmas Eve Bean Supper, Nudeblogging…and Sharing of the Conspiracy Theories
Cheers and Jeers: Zombie 2013 Returns
Cheney is right on marriage equality
Chevron gets classy: Sorry about the fracking explosion, here's a coupon for free pizza
Chicago schools lay off 2,100 while city puts $55 million into college basketball arena
Chick-fil-A CEO now regrets dragging the company into anti-equality morass
Chick-fil-A president just doesn't know when to shut his pie hole
Chief NSA contractor also working for United Arab Emirates
Child labor laws are 'causing damage to our economy,' says Maine Gov. LePage
China's water pollution off the charts, must outsource food production
Choice for anti-Violence Against Women Act Republicans: Evade, or lie
Cholesterol overhaul
Chris 'It wasn't me' Christie to hold press conference on bridge scandal
Chris Christie 2.0 seeks refuge in the warm embrace of hardline wingnuttery
Chris Christie clears Chris Christie of any wrongdoing
Chris Christie defenders scraping bottom of the barrel
Chris Christie goes on Sunday shows to vigorously deny having opinions on things
Chris Christie helpfully reminds us that he's a Republican
Chris Christie is invincible in 2016, except the part about winning the primary and then the general
Chris Christie is so scared he can't get his high school smears straight
Chris Christie poll slide continues
Chris Christie sang love songs to Springsteen ... it was an unrequited love
Chris Christie says he's 'really glad' the Obamacare 'train wreck's not mine'
Chris Christie won't play those 'Washington games' ... except when he does
Chris Christie's 2016 argument goes poof
Chris Christie's flimsy explanation for why we should believe him
Chris Christie's office blasts MSNBC as 'partisan' and 'openly hostile'
Chris Christie's office says New Jersey mayor playing 'partisan politics' ... no, not kidding
Chris Christie's press conference claims don't add up
Chris Christie's squeeze
Chris Christie, one week ago: My staff has 'told me everything we know'
Chris Christie, wingnut hero
Chris Christie: It wasn't me! Plus, I'm outraged!
Chris Hayes tries to deal with a boatload of Koch crazy
Chris Wallace explains why John McCain is president of Meet the Pressistan
Christie acknowledges federal subpoenas; former deputy chief of staff invokes Fifth Amendment
Christie aides joked about causing 'traffic problems' at rabbi's home
Christie appoints state Attorney General Jeff Chiesa as interim senator
Christie bridge closure delayed emergency vehicles, hindered search for missing child
Christie campaign seeks to raise money to fight subpoenas
Christie campaign, New Jersey GOP subpoenaed by U.S. Attorney's office
Christie flip-flip-flops on DREAM Act
Christie goes for the plausibly incompetent buffoon defense
Christie knew about lane closings, former Port Authority official says
Christie lane closure aide says he'll talk, but only in exchange for immunity
Christie loves Medicaid expansion ... in New Jersey
Christie press conference #2
Christie press conference #3
Christie spokesman slams 'wild-eyed conspiracy theories' on bridge scandal
Christie subpoenaed over Fort Lee lane closures by state assemblyman
Christie used Port Authority to turn 9/11 wreckage into political gifts
Christie's bridge fiasco was bad for the environment and cost millions
Christie's bridge outrage doesn't stop the questions ... or the jokes
Christie's former top political aide refuses subpoena. Can you blame him?
Christie-hired law firm to clear Christie and aides in taxpayer-funded 'report'
Christie: Vindictive ass or incompetent buffoon
Christine O'Donnell might not be a witch, but she's the best conspiracy theorist ever
Chuck Grassley exempted Congress from Obamacare?
Chuck Grassley hails GOP record of approving Obama judicial nominees
Chuck Grassley's bizarre obstruction tactics back on display
Chuck Grassley's very own pity party
Chuck Schumer wants us to stop picking on Wall Street
Chuck Todd Is The Embodiment Of A Delegitimized Traditional Media
Chuck Todd: Pointing out Republican lies isn't his job
Citgo's petty cash drawer must be hurting after judge imposes $2 million air pollution fine
Citing 'troubling lack of justification,' judge blocks Wisconsin law closing abortion clinics
Citing a need for labor unity, UFCW rejoins AFL-CIO
Civil Rights Commission will probe 'stand your ground' laws for racial bias
Claim of anti-conservative EPA bias on Freedom of Information Act fee waivers appears bogus
Claims for initial unemployment compensation rise to 308,000
Clapper apologizes, sort of, to Senate for that whole lying thing
Clapper: Mass surveillance not the problem, not talking about it was
Class war weapons
Classic Bachmann: Default avoided because Republicans were 'the adults in the room'
Climate change-denier Republicans could mess with party's energy strategy during the August recess
Climate-change denying scientists ... er ... scientist getting a bit lonely
Clinton having another Iraq War moment
Cloning
Close NSA vote in House has results: Intelligence committees reviewing options
Close NSA vote in House strengthens push for reforms
Club for Growth disses Joe Miller in Alaska but makes common cause with D.C. Republicans
Clueless Calgary Cruz explains why shutting down the government is a great way to make policy
Clueless North Carolina Gov. McCrory will sign voter suppression bill he hasn't read
Clueless Republicans having trouble figuring out how to raise the debt ceiling
Coal baron asks SCOTUS to help him buy more politicians with 'Citizens United II'
Coburn's real reason for opposing Cruz's shutdown scheme: It's not crazy enough
Coburn: The exchanges will work, but people buying affordable private insurance still sucks
Cocaine congressman takes a leave of absence ... no comment on those food stamp recipients
Cocaine congressman voted to force drug testing for food stamps
Coddling those immigrants
Cohen on Trayvon Martin: 'A uniform we all recognize'
College Republican report says young Americans just need GOP awesomeness better explained to them
Collision and oil spill close Houston Ship Channel on 25th anniversary of Exxon Valdez spill
Color blind
Colorado Rep. Cory Gardner wants waiver to exempt his district from Obamacare
Colorado Republican says fried chicken causes black and Latino poverty
Colorado flood relief being delayed by GOP government shutdown threats
Colorado newspaper joins NRA in targeting Giron
Colorado recalls: NRA doubles down, early vote results
Colorado recalls: NRA has real chance to pull it off
Colorado recalls: gunning for a 'wave of fear' with one week to go
Comet ISON racing past sun today
Comey emerges unscathed from Senate Judiciary Committee hearing. Claims he opposed waterboarding
Comic: Coming soon to 60 Minutes
Comic: Me Me Me Meme
Comic: Nation of moochers
Comic: President Chris Christie, Day 100
Comic: R.I.P. Baraka
Comic: Reefer madness
Comic: The Climateers!
Comic: West Virginia’s water problem
Coming NSA scandals
Commander Cruz scuttled Boehner debt limit scheme
Communities could lose $30 million a day thanks to national park closures
Community health centers in states refusing Medicaid expansion at risk
Company that contaminated WV water supply reaches bankruptcy deal, bemoans 'perception' problem
Computer illiterate doctor quits because of Obamacare, becomes hero to right
Concealed Carry Control
Conclusive evidence that Roger Ailes gets his news from Fox
Confessions of a homeschooled progressive
Confirmed at EPA 136 days after being nominated, Gina McCarthy now starts the hard part
Congratulations! Same-sex couples begin marrying in Minnesota and Rhode Island
Congratulations, GOP! You got your shutdown. Now what?
Congratulations, Republicans. Your Obamacare sabotage has screwed over millions
Congress and the Obama administration have exacerbated the problems in our food system
Congress makes campaign finance law even more confusing
Congress might be warming to idea of more FISA court transparency
Congress nears 'compromise' with $9 billion in food stamp cuts
Congress passes military sexual assault reforms, but stops short of Gillibrand measure
Congress reacts to administration insurance cancellation fix
Congress solves unemployment
Congress would okay Obama strikes against Iran, if not Syria
Congress, White House let sequester linger
Congressional Budget Office truthiness infects the traditional media
Congressional Democrats tell SCOTUS to uphold Obamacare's contraceptive mandate
Congressional death benefits are a thing. But why?
Congressional leaders to meet with President Obama at White House
Congressional move to add more sanctions on Iran has run out of steam
Congressional nays on military intervention in Syria still accumulating
Congressional, White House rift over conservative judicial nominees intensifies
Congressman gives GOP a piece of his mind in Obamacare hearing
Congressman threatens to to throw reporter 'off this f-----g balcony'
Congressman will be disrespected
Connecticut legislature may weaken paid sick leave
Conned by Republicans as Democrats cede
Conservative Monkey Seance Theater presents: Fox News and the case of the difficult math problem
Conservative Republican senator refuses to back off lavish praise for Harry Reid
Conservative advice: The best way to run against abortion is to lie about it
Conservative bigots whine about being social pariahs
Conservative commentator Dinesh D'Souza indicted for illegal campaign&nbspcontributions
Conservative crackpot: Our founding fathers knew that 'sex is not about fun'
Conservative guns-in-schools plan runs afoul of the insurance industry
Conservative hero Ben Carson says U.S. is 'very much like Nazi Germany'
Conservative ideology sentences citizens to poor health and permanent poverty
Conservative non-historian David Barton keeps on keeping on
Conservative scholar: Obamacare sabotage 'unprecedented and contemptible'
Conservative super PAC airs ad complaining about ... abstinence-only education? Yep, it's true!
Conservative trucker protest fizzles
Conservative wag Erik Rush on Mandela: 'Someone who didn't do much'
Conservatives (again) rally themselves to kill healthcare reform
Conservatives angry at plans to 'integrate' immigrants rather than 'assimilate' them
Conservatives celebrating vindication of free market principles?
Conservatives don't really want the truth
Conservatives live in a different reality from us, 'history book' edition
Conservatives really do hate democracy
Conservatives see pro-homosexual agenda in Fox News lineup shifts
Conservatives still haven't given up on George Zimmerman, movement hero
Conservatives: hating what you like, because you like it
Conspiracy site Newsmax to launch news channel to compete with Fox News
Constitutional war making is hell...
Consumer Reports destroys 'rate shock' horror story
Consumer Reports: 97 percent of all purchased chicken contaminated
Controversial films and the MPAA
Cordray confirmation a victory for White House, but even more so for the broken Senate
Corker now pretending his threats over VW union vote weren't really threats
Corker threatens jobs if Volkswagen workers unionize
Corporate 'Dems': cutting Social Security is path to electoral victory
Corporate religious liberty
Corporate shills take aim at workers fighting for a living wage
Corporations outweigh unions in the eyes of congressional staffers
Corruption is built into State Department environmental assessment of Keystone XL pipeline
Cory Booker becomes the 48th senator to publicly support Gillibrand military sexual assault bill
Cory Booker plans to bring marriage equality to Newark, no matter what 'dad' Chris Christie believes
Cory Booker sworn in as U.S. senator, immediately confronts obstructionist GOP filibuster
Cory Booker wins U.S. Senate special election in New Jersey
Cory Gardner has been down this road before
Costco labels Bible as fiction in this store. Pastor goes viral for wrong reason.
Cotton and Orange Bowl open thread
Could Charlie Crist save Florida from climate change?
Could military service save Washington? Ha ha ha ha!
Coup Or Not A Coup
Couples suing to force Utah to recognize same-sex marriages
Couric's anti-vaccination segment a symptom of wider scientific illiteracy
Court rules against VA policy denying disability, survivor benefits to same-sex couples
Court strikes down part of Voting Rights Act
Cracker Barrel apologies for offending bigots and homophobes
Crackpot Pennsylvania police chief makes good case for town quarantine
Crackpot Steve Stockman not looking good in his bid to unseat crackpot John Cornyn
Crafty legislative genius Ted Cruz won't say if he'd do it all over again
Craziest person in Illinois wins Republican primary
Crazy Tuesday: A third House member announces a retirement in a key district
Creative disruption
Creigh Deeds returns to Richmond, introduces new reforms to Virginia mental health laws
Creigh Deeds stabbing and son's death highlight mental health care gaps
Cruel and Unusual Blues
Cruz Caucus plots next Republican hostage taking ... of its own party
Cruz channels his inner Putin (again)
Cruz gambit forces McConnell to vote for clean debt limit hike as Senate advances House bill
Cruz had to wrap up his important speech so he could talk to Rush Limbaugh
Cruz hails 'strong bipartisan' vote to defund Obamacare, warns GOP to expect 'gimmicks' from Reid
Cruz votes against Cruz, Senate moves on to funding government
Cruz's big plan, and did you know the population of the US is 1.6 million?
Cruz, Rubio creating grassroots army to force GOP to commit political suicide
Cry Chris Christie a river: He can't bear to watch Bruce Springsteen mock him
Cuccinelli ends campaign rallying with Ron Paul, who calls for 'nullification'
Cuccinelli's 'referendum on Obamacare' claims fly back in his face
Cuccinelli's ties to anti-Semitic jokester much closer than campaign claimed
Cue GOP hysteria: New estimates predict millions more exchange customers
Cue the tears, Mr. Boehner: More states getting around your food stamp cuts
Cultures don't have rights. People do.
Cummings releases full transcript of IRS screening manager interview
Cuomo tried gifting private university $200M for football stadium
Curiosity spies the hurtling moons of Barsoom
Curtailing women's rights, Missouri edition
Cuts to food stamp benefits just in time for the holidays
Cutting Social Security is not centrist, and neither is Third Way
Cutting carbon: the healthy way
Cybersecurity back on the Senate agenda
D.C. Circuit nominee, Patricia Millett, clears committee, likely faces filibuster
D.C. Football
D.C. minimum wage proposal looks like an attempt to distract from big box living wage veto
DC Circuit guts net neutrality rules
DC appeals court gives victory to religious zealots over Obamacare birth control mandate
DCCC names 35 competitive races to the first round of its 'Red to Blue' program for 2014
DK Image Library favorites
DNC features Bill Clinton in video announcing stepped-up fight against voter suppression
DOMA is unconstitutional, Supreme Court rules. Dismisses Prop. 8 case for lack of jurisdiction.
DREAMers reunite with deported parents at U.S./Mexico border
Daily Caller runs Cory Booker 'scoop' peddled by crackpot conspiracy theorist
Daily Caller wins early prize for worst 'story' of the year
Daily Digest - A Bad Policy News Moment
Daily Digest - October 1: Welcome to the Shutdown
Daily Kos Election Morning Digest: What's the matter with Michigan?
Daily Kos Elections 2Q 2013 House fundraising reports roundup
Daily Kos Elections 3Q 2013 House fundraising reports roundup
Daily Kos Elections 4Q 2013 House fundraising reports roundup
Daily Kos Elections Colorado recall & New York City primary liveblog #1
Daily Kos Elections Colorado recall & New York City primary liveblog thread #2
Daily Kos Elections Colorado recall & New York City primary liveblog thread #3
Daily Kos Elections Colorado recall & New York City primary liveblog thread #4
Daily Kos Elections Colorado recall and New York City primary previews (and more)
Daily Kos Elections FL-13 special election liveblog thread #1
Daily Kos Elections House race ratings: Initial ratings for 2014
Daily Kos Elections Illinois  primary preview
Daily Kos Elections Massachusetts Senate special election liveblog
Daily Kos Elections Massachusetts Senate special election liveblog thread #2
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: $256 million Koch brothers dark money group surfaces
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: A Cory Gardner bid is already upending Colorado's Senate race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: A Dem recruitment coup in Nebraska may augur for more elsewhere
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: A Democratic upset in Kansas? A new poll says it could happen
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: A new poll shows a close race to unseat Scott Walker
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: A notorious tea partier enters the Connecticut governor's race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: A rare look at Obama's internal polling, and how it beat Gallup
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Alaska a yes on weed and minimum wage hike, no on oil tax cuts
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Alex Sink raises eye-popping haul in Florida special election
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Alison Grimes will challenge Mitch McConnell in Kentucky
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: All eyes on Crist as Sink says no to a rematch with Scott
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Alvarez upsets Fletcher in San Diego mayor's race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: An insider/outside divide emerges in the House
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: And the Oscar for Most Unpopular Senator goes to...
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Another Democrat, New York Rep. Bill Owens, calls it quits
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Are New Jersey's back-to-back elections screwing up the polls?
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Arkansas Republican Tim Griffin bails after just two terms
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: As government shuts down, party unity remains high
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Attacked from right and left, Fletcher may miss San Diego runoff
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: A fresh way of looking at presidential elections
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Battle of Montana ex-governors looks like a tossup, per PPP
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Big John Cornyn gets big mouth primary challenger
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Bloomberg gives $2.5 million to support Senate Democrats
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Boston's Scott Brown will explore a Senate bid in New Hampshire
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Braley leads Republican second stringers in PPP's new Iowa poll
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Brian Schweitzer might decide in six million years or so
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Brian Schweitzer won't run for Senate in Montana
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Brownback looks increasingly vulnerable in Kansas
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Bruce Rauner gets heat for saying he wants minimum wage cut
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Buck McKeon makes his long-expected retirement official
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Campaign manager is 'holdin' my nose' to work for McConnell
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Census Bureau releases new interactive maps and health care data
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Census Bureau unleashes a ton of new congressional district data
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Charlie Crist still beating Rick Scott, according to Quinnipiac
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Check out our massive House fundraising chart
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Check out our massive fourth quarter House fundraising chart
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Choose Your Own Polling Adventure in Virginia!
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Christie self-servingly sets special election for October
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Colorado Democrat resigns rather than face recall
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Colorado recalls set for September
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Congressional Democrats crush Republicans in 2013 fundraising
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Conservative group airs first ad critical of filibuster reform
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Conservatives slam 'Foreclosure King' for evicting 101-year-old
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Cornyn crushes Stockman, but a fatal runoff looms for Dewhurst
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Cotton will reportedly challenge Pryor in Arkansas Senate race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Crazy Tuesday brings three major House retirements
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Crist is still up, but race for Florida governor is much tighter
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Cuccinelli campaign duped workers into appearing in attack ad
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: De Blasio flirts with outright win in New York mayoral primary
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: De Blasio rockets into first in new Quinnipiac poll
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Democrats Mike McIntyre and Carolyn McCarthy will retire
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Democrats accuse Cuomo of sabotaging a comeback on Long Island
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Democrats exhale as Rep. Collin Peterson will run again
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Democrats finally get to work on their voter turnout problem
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Democrats land recruit in long-neglected New Jersey House seat
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Democrats lose two Colorado recalls; de Blasio nears primary win
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Democrats slide in Michigan but Republicans are far from 50
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Democrats win unexpected nailbiter in Virginia governor's race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: E.W. Jackson stiff-arms the Virginia GOP
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: End of the line for Ken Cuccinelli
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Environmental groups hammer Jolly on climate change
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Eric Holder takes a bold new stand on the Voting Rights Act
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Even New Jersey can contract a bout of democracy once in a while
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Even with the FEC shuttered, quarterly fundraising hauls emerge
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Exercise caution with optimistic generic congressional polls
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Field is set in New Jersey Senate race, with Booker leading
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Filner finally steps down as mayor, prompting special election
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Florida Republicans will have to testify about redistricting
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Furious Virginia Republican quits party to run as an independent
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: GOP veteran Bill Young dies, prompting a special election
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Gabe Gomez may finally get some outside help
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Gallego advises Sinema to stay put
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Gary Peters leads all Republicans in Michigan Senate race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Georgia Democrats get their woman in Michelle Nunn
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Hanabusa's campaign may have tried to coordinate with PhRMA
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Has Spitzer learned from his 'plague year'?
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Her profile's grown, but Wendy Davis is still an underdog
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Herring certified as winner in Virginia attorney general's race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Herring declares victory in AG's race, but a long road awaits
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: High-spending Realtors PAC endorses Alex Sink in Florida special
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: How Art Pope killed public funding for judicial elections in NC
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: How David Vitter became Louisiana's most powerful Republican
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: How big a price do presidents pay in congressional seats?
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: How to pass background checks? At the ballot box
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: I'm glad I wasn't Ken Cuccinelli yesterday
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: In a narrow victory, Republicans hold Florida House seat
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Introducing our awesome 'pres-by-LD' project
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Is GOP extremism hurting Republican chances in North Carolina?
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Is Neil Abercrombie really in trouble?
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: It's Cheney time in Wyoming
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: It's adios for Trey Radel
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: It's gotten tougher, but the sky hasn't fallen for Colorado Dems
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: It's high time you learned about the Gang of Five
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Jason Carter, grandson of Jimmy, to run for Georgia governor
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Jim Gerlach is the latest House Republican to abandon ship
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Jim Moran's retirement makes it three in a row for Democrats
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: John Dingell, longest-serving member in history, will retire
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Jon Runyan's surprise retirement gives Dems a pickup opportunity
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Just how far have 2013 Democrats been running behind Obama?
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Kansas Republicans rally to unseat their own governor
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Kasich revealed to have aided indicted donor as poll teases tie
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Keep an eye on some potential House retirements
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Ken Cuccinelli plans to win by ignoring polls he doesn't like
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Key swaths of the Democratic coalition are watching less live TV
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Landrieu maintains 10-point lead over Cassidy in PPP's new poll
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: LePage reportedly to run again as Michaud gets off to hot start
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Lisa Madigan won't run for Illinois governor, upending primary
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Liz Cheney doesn't look so popular with the folks in Wyoming
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Long arm of the Kochs tries to ding Al Franken in strange new ad
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Longtime California Rep. George Miller will retire
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Lt. Gov. John Walsh announces run for Democrats in Montana
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Mark Begich's new masterpiece is the best ad of the cycle
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Mark Herring takes unofficial lead in VA attorney general's race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Martha Coakley for governor? It could happen
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: McAuliffe takes 6-point lead over Cuccinelli in Virginia
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Michaud catapults into first in Maine governor's race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Michelle Nunn leads the Republican field in Georgia
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Mike Grimm fundraiser pleads guilty to visa fraud
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Mike Honda takes no guff
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Mike Michaud forms exploratory committee for governor's race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Minnesota races tighten, but Franken and Dayton still look good
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Mitch McConnell declares war on the Senate Conservatives Fund
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: MoveOn releases another dozen polls of Republican House seats
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Murray & McGinn advance in Seattle, Duggan & Napoleon in Detroit
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: National Democrats go up with seven-figure ad buy for Ed Markey
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: New Jersey Sen. Frank Lautenberg dies at 89
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: New PPP poll suggests Nathan Deal may be surprisingly vulnerable
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: New York mayor's race turns negative on the airwaves
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Nikki Haley suggests she might not run for a second term
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: No, Republicans can't win with white voters alone
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Northam and Herring win primaries, but Dance holds off Thompson
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Obama won 55 seats in NY's Senate, but guess who controls it?
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Our inaugural Senate race ratings for the 2013-14 cycle
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Our inaugural gubernatorial ratings for the 2013-14 cycle
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: PPP finds Tennant in a double-digit hole against Capito
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: PPP's new poll brings tough news for Kay Hagan
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: PPP's newest poll says Democrats could have a shot in Georgia
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Palin's deeply unpopular, but Begich slips in new PPP poll
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Pat Roberts' Kansas 'residence' is a time-share in a La-Z-Boy
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Patrick Murphy's curiously weak Republican challengers
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Poll for union has Pryor up, but in low 40s
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Polling suggests a close finish in San Diego mayor's race today
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Polls show no sign of a late surge for Gabriel Gomez
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Potential challenger emerges for renegade New York Democrat
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Pro-Medicaid Louisiana Republican wins special election
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Quinnipiac suggests de Blasio might avoid runoff in mayor's race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Quinnipiac's quirky Ohio polling
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: RGA pushes latest bogus Obamacare horror story in South Carolina
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Religious right and tea party may fight it out in Oklahoma
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Rep. Bill Young retires, creating a true tossup in Florida
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Republican concedes Virginia attorney general's race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Republican in Colorado recall revealed as erotic fiction writer
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Republicans aim to take majority with third Colorado recall
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Republicans start the pre-blame game in Florida's 13th
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Rush Holt, plasma physicist and Jeopardy! champ, will retire
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Say so long to Gary Miller
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Second Democratic poll shows Mitch McConnell trailing
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Second poll confirms Bill De Blasio surge in New York City race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Shane Osborn crafts bogus Navy memo to defend China landing
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Sink crushes Jolly in special election fundraising, again
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Special for Ed Markey's seat finally starts heating up
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Susana Martinez is strong but not invincible in new PPP poll
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Tennant reportedly set to enter Senate race on Tuesday
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Texas and California are swapping citizens in near-equal numbers
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Thanks to shutdown, a Dem upset in Westchester is possible
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: The Alaskan Independence Party may just save Mark Begich
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: The Democrat that Democrats have to stop
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: The conservative sneak-attack on abortion rights in Michigan
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: The tea party ouroboros slinks toward North Carolina
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: They call it North Colorado, we call it Crackpottopia
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Thompson may benefit most if Weiner fades
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Thompson vows to press on, but pressure mounts to concede
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Three ways of looking at PPP's new House polls
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Today's Florida special election is too close to call
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Tom Coburn will exit early, prompting a special election
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Top House Republican wants NRCC to cut off gay candidates
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Tuesday's biggest nailbiter: Virginia attorney general's race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Two new polls show Sink ahead, but don't count any chickens
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Veteran Rep. Henry Waxman will retire, setting off huge scramble
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Vito Fossella teases us with the hope of Staten Island hijinks
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: We're downgrading Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn's re-election chances
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: We're moving the Virginia governor's race to 'Likely Democrat'
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Weiner's downward trend continues
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Wendy Davis gears up for a likely run for governor
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Wendy Davis leaves the door open just a crack to a statewide run
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Where do we go from here on the Voting Rights Act?
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Which states are likely to put marijuana on the ballot next?
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Who represents the most food stamp-reliant counties? The GOP
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Who's the most progressive option in the Massachusetts special?
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Whoops! Conservative PAC rails against abstinence-only education
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Why David Vitter is already the frontrunner for governor
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Why does Ed Gillespie want to run for Senate?
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Why getting geography right is crucial to good polling
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Why is Rob Astorino running for governor of New York?
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Why you should be very skeptical of Mitch McConnell's new poll
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Why you shouldn't judge the recruiters too harshly
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Would-be Bachmann successor brings his own bizarro to the race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digest: Year's first Arizona poll shows an up-for-grabs governor's race
Daily Kos Elections Morning Digests: Why Cory Booker's critics find him so problematic
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #1
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #10
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #11
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #12
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #13
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #14
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #15
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #2
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #3
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #4
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #5
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #6
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #7
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #8
Daily Kos Elections Nov. 2013 election night liveblog thread #9
Daily Kos Elections Senate race ratings: Initial ratings for 2013-14
Daily Kos Elections Texas primary preview
Daily Kos Elections Texas primary liveblog #1
Daily Kos Elections Virginia primary liveblog
Daily Kos Elections gubernatorial race ratings: Initial ratings for 2013-14
Daily Kos Elections moves Arkansas and Kentucky Senate races to 'Lean Republican'
Daily Kos Radio HQ is UNDER REPAIR at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio WILL ATTEMPT TO GO LIVE at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is AWESOME, BUT A RERUN, at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is BACK, LIVE at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is Just Like LIVE, But Actually Not, at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is LIVE & a little late, at 9:15 am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is LIVE (but maybe just a little late, again), at 9 am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is LIVE BUT LATE, at 9:15 am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is LIVE ONCE AGAIN at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is LIVE at 9 am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is LIVE at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is LIVE at 9am ET! No, seriously!
Daily Kos Radio is LIVE, at 9 am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is NOT LABORING at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is NOT LIVE (but it's still good) at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is NOT LIVE at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is NOT LIVE at 9am ET, but it's a GOOD ONE!
Daily Kos Radio is NOT LIVE at 9am ET, but you will feel strangely compelled to listen, anyway!
Daily Kos Radio is NOT LIVE at 9am ET. But we ain't dead, either!
Daily Kos Radio is NOT LIVE at 9am ET. But where else can you hear @RepJackKimble today?
Daily Kos Radio is NOT LIVE, and yet is strangely alluring, at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is NOT LIVE, but just as fun, at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is ON 'TAPE' at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is OUT WITH THE FLU at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio is in 'Classic' mode, at 9am ET!
Daily Kos Radio needs one more day to recover, but we've got a Senate procedure 'classic' for you!
Daily Kos Radio—the podcast downloaded 10 million times!—is LIVE at 9am ET!
Daily Kos and DFA collect over 169,000 signatures for a discharge petition
Daily Kos and ProgressNow fight back against conservative media in the CO NRA-sponsored recalls
Daily Kos email list surpasses 1,000,000 active subscribers
Daily Kos endorsement: Let's re-elect Mike Honda, a progressive stalwart
Daily Kos goes to Paul Ryan's office with a message
Daily Kos is like reading a newspaper a year in advance
Daily Kos pub trivia: When was Newt Gingrich's historic day?
Daily Kos will not enable those who enable Third Way
Dan Malloy stands up to Bobby Jindal's guff
Dana Perino says President Obama should just shut up about Trayvon
Dancin' Dave Gregory proves he doesn't know anything about anything
Darrell Issa just had a bad day: IRS 'targeted' groups with 'Occupy' and 'Progressive' in names
Darrell Issa must love wooden dolls with very, very long noses
Darrell Issa responds to CBS retraction of Benghazi report
Darrell Issa responds to IRS 'scandal' implosion with a hash tag: #Benghazi
Darrell Issa returning to HealthCare.gov security scandal that doesn't exist
Darrell Issa threatens to call Hillary Clinton back to testify about Benghazi
Darrell Issa to investigate 'scandal' of government official threatening free press with violence
Data intrusion
Database-hating National Rifle Association may very well have you in its database if you own a gun
David Brooks channels all of the Beltway down onto Edward Snowden's head
David Brooks observes Americans will soon be 'mutts,' which does not go over well
David Brooks wonders if Egypt has the 'mental ingredients' for democracy
David Frum shows how Twilight Sparkle, I mean Ted Cruz, could become president
David Gregory apologizes for big Obamacare mistake
David Gregory attacks the messenger
David Vitter brings GOP civil war to Senate
David Vitter will seek Louisiana's governorship in 2015, and he's already the frontrunner
David Vitter's kamikaze anti-Obamacare crusade gets even weirder
Day 10 of the shutdown: Delays in auto recalls, nuclear oversight furloughs at 104 power reactors
DeMint-founded group endorses McConnell challenger, Palin likely next
Dead-ender's game: Where do Republicans go from here?
Deadly bus crash won't be investigated because of Republican shutdown
Dear Dr. Keith Ablow: I need your advice
Dear GOP, here's how you change a law
Dear GOP, you REALLY want that filibuster back? Here's how to do it.
Dear GOP: When just 15 percent of the country agrees with you, you don't have political leverage
Dear My Own Parenting Advice Column, I never thought this would happen to me: GunFAIL LVI
Dear Republicans: You have no idea how out of touch you are on immigration
Dear Richard Cohen’s 'cultural conservatives' (racists). Please vomit when you see me.
Dear Senator Grassley: You're a filibusterin' hypocrite
Death
Death is death, no matter how it's delivered
Debt ceiling hike? Not without killing Obamacare, House GOP says
Debt limit deadline: Mid-October
Debunked Obamacare 'victim' doubles down on victimhood
Debunking Ryan's zombie lie: Obamacare doesn't add to the deficit, it actually reduces it
Deep shutdown thoughts from America's Dumbest Congressman
Deep thoughts from Sarah Palin: 'This isn't racist, but ...'
Deep thoughts from Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia
Deep thoughts in punditry: 'Both sides' are to blame for Issa conspiracy theories
Defending Mike Huckabee, Allen West says Democrats talk to women 'from the waist down'
Defense in Zimmerman trial expects to rest its case Wednesday
Defense rests in Zimmerman case. The defendant doesn't testify. Closing statements begin Thursday
Defunding fight fizzles, but astroturf groups fight on
Defying Republican outrage, Obama will name Susan Rice as national security adviser
Deja vu all over again: Senate sends clean spending bill to House
Delay of employer mandate under Obamacare brings predictable GOP reaction
Delays have likely cost a vote on Gillibrand military sexual assault amendment
Democracy Corps survey shows growing support for Obamacare
Democracy—the original crowdsourcing
Democrat Mark Herring certified as winner of Virginia attorney general's race
Democrat Wendy Davis will be Texas governor as she empathizes with those sharing her story
Democrat voices opposition, but GOP candidate for Michigan Senate seat silent on 'rape insurance'
Democratic bill would undo the dishonorable discharge stigma many gay veterans still carry
Democratic congressman joins NARAL in opposing Obama judicial pick
Democratic donor Kenneth Lerer adds more clout to gun-reform movement with launch of StoptheNRA
Democratic fundraising surge amid Republican slump
Democrats 2014: The war on poverty isn't over
Democrats and silos: What to fight for? Hint—everything
Democrats are from cities, Republicans are from exurbs
Democrats crank up fight against Kochs over Obamacare
Democrats do need to 'stand tall' on Obamacare. Here's how.
Democrats doomed! Or a class in punditry fail
Democrats giddy over Boehner-Cruz shutdown threat as GOP begins to panic
Democrats hit Kochs in Louisiana
Democrats home in on Kochs for 2014
Democrats hope to shame Republicans on ENDA, but can Republicans even feel shame?
Democrats introduce Supreme Court Ethics Act to helpfully suggest the Supreme Court have some
Democrats land Lt. Gov. John Walsh for Montana Senate race
Democrats offer resolution condemning Darrell Issa's latest hissyfit
Democrats pick up a Republican-held seat in the Florida legislature
Democrats plan to push minimum wage increase in 2014
Democrats press House Republicans to quit dragging their feet on farm bill and food stamps
Democrats push military not to buy clothes from unsafe Bangladesh factories
Democrats ready to embrace Obamacare for 2014
Democrats ready to run with Obamacare
Democrats really not in disarray over Obamacare
Democrats still pushing unemployment aid, but Republicans aren't budging
Democrats still struggling over how to win back white men
Democrats taking the fight over jobless compensation to where it will do most good: Their home turf
Democrats to Issa on Benghazi: It's time to move on
Democrats to move forward on immigration discharge petition
Democrats try to make David Vitter just go away. He won't.
Democrats will fight for infrastructure investment and unemployment benefits in budget talks
Democrats will spend holidays hammering Republicans over unemployment compensation cut-off
Democrats will try to force House vote on unemployment aid
Democrats' biggest challenge is getting their base voters to vote
Democrats: Let's repeal what remains of DOMA. Republicans: No! (But let's not talk about it.)
Demographic winter? Republicans ensuring their own demise
Dems do GOP's dirty work, then get bashed by GOP for dirty work
Dems turned out for local NC elections yesterday, good sign for 2014
Deniers working hard on their lies to trash UN climate report in advance of its Friday release
Department of Justice suing Texas over photo ID law and joining redistricting lawsuit, too
Despite bungling Bush's Medicare drug rollout, GOP still attacks Obamacare 'navigators'
Despite his ruinous misjudgments, Larry Summers still thinks he's the smartest guy in the room
Despite its governor's best efforts, South Carolina is expanding Medicaid
Detroit News op-ed takes Netroots Nation as an excuse to attack unions
Detroit bankruptcy judge gives the go-ahead to pension theft and elder poverty
Detroit bankruptcy means big bucks for consultants and lawyers
Detroit could be a sustainable model for other cities. But that means properly analyzing its decline
Detroit emergency manager describes himself as 'a benevolent dictator'
Detroit files for bankruptcy, heightening uncertainty for residents, workers, and retirees
Detroit firefighters and police face pension cuts with no safety net. Not even Social Security.
Detroit's art—and its public worker pensions—get help from charitable foundations
Dianne Feinstein releases 'reform' bill that codifies the worst NSA abuses
Dick Cheney apparently wishes Christie had banned Obama from New Jersey after Hurricane Sandy hit
Dick Cheney reveals ...
Dick Cheney says Iraq War was worth it because now we know they didn't have WMDs
Dick Cheney's fear-mongering aside, U.S. military spending is plenty high
Dick Durbin wants to know what corporations think of ALEC and 'stand your ground'
Dick Durbin: Secret FISA court 'fixed,' 'loaded'
Dick, Lynne Cheney weigh in on marriage equality family feud
Did Bill just signal that Hillary is running against Obama(care) in 2016?
Did Chris Christie do a flyover of the George Washington Bridge during Bridgegate traffic jam?
Did John Boehner just say equal rights are 'frivolous'?
Did Rand Paul just accuse Barack Obama of being 'not black enough?'
Did You Know? Fun facts about NYC!
Dire consequences on the way as emergency unemployment aid expires
Discharge petition means it's time for anti-shutdown Republicans to put up or shut up
Dismantling 'Stand Your Ground' laws can begin today
Disney World's Florida Adventure Park: Stand Your Ground
Divided Court ♥ Boobies, sets up Supreme clash?
Divided Supreme Court hears oral arguments in third EPA case on regulating greenhouse gases
Diving into the right-wing bubble
Django sequel
Do me a favor, help my friend
Do your part. GOP talking about killing Obamacare is a liability
Do-nothing Republicans looking to do nothing in 2014 to avoid hurting their election chances
Doctor Hand
Doctor Rand Paul prescribes free surgeries for 15, no health care for millions
Documents show Hoboken mayor pressured on development at meeting with state officials
Doesn't matter who asks, bombing Syria is unpopular
Domestic violence is, somehow, evidence that 'men have become second-class citizens'
Domino's workers fired for complaining about being paid below minimum wage
Domino's workers fired for protesting wage theft get their jobs back
Don't Rosh! Daily Kos Radio is NOT LIVE at 9am ET!
Don't anticipate hearing anything about Keystone XL in President Obama's climate speech Tuesday
Don't be fooled by county maps: Cartograms accurately show Democratic strength in Virginia
Don't be surprised to hear positive mentions of Jefferson Davis from Thad Cochran's primary foe
Don't blame Calgary Cruz! Blame Boehner.
Don't bluff on filibuster reform, Harry
Don't care that food stamp cuts will make kids hungry? Think about the economy.
Don't let another 'gang' derail filibuster reform, Harry
Don't tell Ted Cruz, but House Republicans have three Obamacare fix votes this week
Don't worry ... that bridge you're driving over won't collapse. Probably.
Don't worry. J-Bone's got this.
Donald Glover
Donald Rumsfeld, acclaimed expert on whether and when to go to war
Don’t laugh, but Rand Paul could be our next president
Dozens arrested at Walmart protest as website launches to let workers speak out
Dr. Krauthammer offers GOP a cure for its war on women
Draft Wendy Davis for Texas governor
Draft resolution authorizes 'limited and tailored' attack on Syria's chemical weapons capacity
Dreams and Schemes...
Drones come to Techopolis!
Drop in government spending drags first-quarter GDP growth lower than first thought, to 2.4%
Drudge debunked on, what else, Obamacare
Duck and cower
Dumb and dumber farm bill spin
Dumbest tweet you'll see all day
Durbin: 'Struggle is still on in the United States Senate' for budget deal
During the shutdown, don't worry about your congressmen ... they still have their exclusive gym
E.J. Dionne's deranged argument for war
E.W. Jackson says his 'extremist' opponent is running on 'divisive social issues'
E.W. Jackson says slavery wasn't as bad for black families as the post-civil-rights era has been
E.W. Jackson says the Democratic Party is 'an anti-God party'
ENDA gaining steam in the Senate as a vote approaches
ENDA just one vote shy of a filibuster-proof margin in the Senate
ENDA moves forward in Senate, 61-30
EPA plans to drastically reduce inspections at crucial time in climate fight
EPA sends revised greenhouse gas emissions rule for new power plants to the White House
EPA's McCarthy announces rule limiting power plant emissions, opposition already having a conniption
EPI: Plutocratic attacks on wages, workers and unions all part of a concerted corporate effort
EPIC presses Congress, administration for more information on Verizon case
ESPN mainstreams climate change denial
Eco-advocates deeply unhappy with Keystone XL pipeline review. Rep. Grijalva calls it a 'sham'
Economic conservatives take religious conservatives for suckers
Economic issues are women's issues, and Democrats know it
Economics Daily Digest - January 27: What Youth Can Do for Unions
Economics Daily Digest - January 29: The State of Our Union Depends on Our Communities
Economics Daily Digest - January 30: How Do We Make the Economy Work Again?
Economics Daily Digest - January 31: Out of economic chaos come executive orders
Economics Daily Digest: 'What is going on with this internet thing?'
Economics Daily Digest: A job market that's two sizes too small
Economics Daily Digest: A reminder that policy affects human lives
Economics Daily Digest: A vision for the opportunity community
Economics Daily Digest: Abenomics Time
Economics Daily Digest: All eyes on worker centers
Economics Daily Digest: America loses when cable giants play Monopoly
Economics Daily Digest: Are the GOP's plans anti-poverty or anti-poor?
Economics Daily Digest: Beyond Intro to Econ
Economics Daily Digest: Big business fighting for public good
Economics Daily Digest: Big money and the pension crisis
Economics Daily Digest: Big money isn't beaten yet
Economics Daily Digest: Bipartisan budgets mean everyone's a little unhappy
Economics Daily Digest: Both major parties are a work in progress
Economics Daily Digest: CEO pay problems aren't just in dollars
Economics Daily Digest: Cable monopolies don't deliver
Economics Daily Digest: Campaign finance meets PRISM
Economics Daily Digest: Celebrate campaign finance successes
Economics Daily Digest: Celebrating the War on Poverty's successes
Economics Daily Digest: Changing definitions, unchanging realities for workers
Economics Daily Digest: Cheers for enforcing labor laws
Economics Daily Digest: Cities can't save themselves
Economics Daily Digest: Corporate profits don't want living wages
Economics Daily Digest: Crossing the border to a better economy
Economics Daily Digest: Detroit wasn't a market inevitability
Economics Daily Digest: Disrupting cable not so simple
Economics Daily Digest: Doing better than student loans
Economics Daily Digest: Doing the Dishes
Economics Daily Digest: Don't copy the U.S. telecoms model
Economics Daily Digest: Economic Nostalgia
Economics Daily Digest: Economic liberalism is not just a charity project
Economics Daily Digest: Economics inequality and the Fed chair
Economics Daily Digest: Economists' inspiration in the March on Washington
Economics Daily Digest: Economy doing the limbo, going nowhere
Economics Daily Digest: Escape From Hooverville
Economics Daily Digest: Even federal jobs aren't always good jobs
Economics Daily Digest: Everyone hates ISPs
Economics Daily Digest: Everyone loses these policy debates
Economics Daily Digest: Exceptionally poor social safety nets
Economics Daily Digest: Fed chair needs consensus building
Economics Daily Digest: Fighting global inequality at home
Economics Daily Digest: Fighting poverty in the land of success
Economics Daily Digest: Finally, a Fed chair nominee
Economics Daily Digest: Financial reform enters a new era
Economics Daily Digest: Financial reform wasn't finished with Dodd-Frank
Economics Daily Digest: Fishing for solutions to underwater mortgages
Economics Daily Digest: Five Years and More to Learn
Economics Daily Digest: Five years of fiscal failure
Economics Daily Digest: Fixing Detroit from inside
Economics Daily Digest: Four big reasons financial reform isn't finished
Economics Daily Digest: Getting government websites right
Economics Daily Digest: Giving welfare a fair shake
Economics Daily Digest: Going further than Dodd-Frank
Economics Daily Digest: Goldilocks and the next Fed Chair
Economics Daily Digest: Haunted by the Ryan budget
Economics Daily Digest: High-speed internet? Not so much
Economics Daily Digest: Higher pay won't hurt workers
Economics Daily Digest: Higher wages don't destroy fast food
Economics Daily Digest: Holding banks to a higher standard
Economics Daily Digest: Home is where the affordable rent is
Economics Daily Digest: How About a Fifty Year Farm Bill?
Economics Daily Digest: How to plan for the future in today's economy
Economics Daily Digest: Imagining a tech-friendly government
Economics Daily Digest: Incivility isn't one person's fault
Economics Daily Digest: Inequality has no solo solutions
Economics Daily Digest: It's hard to trust in systemic economic inequality
Economics Daily Digest: Jobs report wasn't worth the wait
Economics Daily Digest: Keep an eye on banking reform
Economics Daily Digest: Labor for healthier politics
Economics Daily Digest: Labor looks for growth
Economics Daily Digest: Labor takes center stage
Economics Daily Digest: Labor working local
Economics Daily Digest: Less aid won't lead to less inequality
Economics Daily Digest: Listening to Shareholders on CEO Pay
Economics Daily Digest: Lobbyists without big money
Economics Daily Digest: Looking for funding in all the right places
Economics Daily Digest: Low Taxes Carry Heavy Burdens
Economics Daily Digest: Main Street pays rent to Wall Street
Economics Daily Digest: Millennial success beyond big cities
Economics Daily Digest: Minimum wage doesn't pay the bills
Economics Daily Digest: Missing mortgage modifications
Economics Daily Digest: Monopolies won't surprise you
Economics Daily Digest: Monopoly power is a package deal
Economics Daily Digest: More labor organizing for the holiday
Economics Daily Digest: More shutdown, bigger problems
Economics Daily Digest: Net neutrality is not dead yet
Economics Daily Digest: New Fed chair, same economic challenges
Economics Daily Digest: New pot industry, new pot regulations
Economics Daily Digest: No grocery money, no problem?
Economics Daily Digest: No jobs, lots of problems
Economics Daily Digest: No one really needed that insurance, right?
Economics Daily Digest: Nobel winners unite to push for higher wages
Economics Daily Digest: Non-catastrophes can still be bad policy
Economics Daily Digest: Not So Non-Essential, Still Shutdown
Economics Daily Digest: Obamacare doesn't eliminate the need for Title X
Economics Daily Digest: Organizing towards shared prosperity
Economics Daily Digest: Partisanship shouldn't hurt the party
Economics Daily Digest: Pensions and wages and unions, oh my!
Economics Daily Digest: Playing in the big leagues of the labor debate
Economics Daily Digest: Political influence carries a price tag
Economics Daily Digest: Prisons in a Recession
Economics Daily Digest: Progressives have a lot to celebrate and fight for
Economics Daily Digest: Protesting for living wages, Black Friday and beyond
Economics Daily Digest: Public Financing: Compromise Won't Fix Corruption
Economics Daily Digest: Public financing means people speak louder than PACs
Economics Daily Digest: Pushing back on low wage norms
Economics Daily Digest: Putting Policies That Help Workers Back on the Agenda
Economics Daily Digest: Putting the brakes on the high-tech economy
Economics Daily Digest: Raising wages from coast to coast
Economics Daily Digest: Raising wages the Rooseveltian way
Economics Daily Digest: Rebranding doesn't solve GOP problems, or workers'
Economics Daily Digest: Reducing inequality isn't impossible
Economics Daily Digest: Remember the last time Wall Street invested in housing?
Economics Daily Digest: Remember when the GOP supported family planning?
Economics Daily Digest: Rethinking fairness and pay it forward college plans
Economics Daily Digest: Safety nets catch GOP voters too
Economics Daily Digest: Seeking job growth, fair wages and benefits included
Economics Daily Digest: Selling you Cracker Jack for peanuts
Economics Daily Digest: Senator Warren would've voted for Dodd-Frank, and then some
Economics Daily Digest: Shouldn't students like a student loan deal?
Economics Daily Digest: Shutdown reasoning is all talking points
Economics Daily Digest: Society doesn't work on a volunteer basis
Economics Daily Digest: Some audits have bad intentions
Economics Daily Digest: Some financial reforms run smoothly
Economics Daily Digest: Stand up for workers and wages
Economics Daily Digest: Staying in Small Town, USA
Economics Daily Digest: Stepping up when Congress won't raise the wage
Economics Daily Digest: Still looking for the jobs
Economics Daily Digest: Tax breaks for every percent
Economics Daily Digest: The Financial Reform Slowdown
Economics Daily Digest: The Golden Arches get served
Economics Daily Digest: The Last Five Years of Financial Crisis
Economics Daily Digest: The Pacific Standard for Bad Deals
Economics Daily Digest: The best from the Roosevelt Institute's Four Freedoms Center in 2013
Economics Daily Digest: The best from the Roosevelt Institute's Millennial networks in 2013
Economics Daily Digest: The costs of climate change
Economics Daily Digest: The crises' common threads
Economics Daily Digest: The debt ceiling fight over birth control
Economics Daily Digest: The deficit's going down. Will the economy go with it?
Economics Daily Digest: The economy after DOMA
Economics Daily Digest: The future of high-speed fiber runs through City Hall
Economics Daily Digest: The hunt for good jobs continues
Economics Daily Digest: The long war on poverty continues
Economics Daily Digest: The misleading math on the minimum wage
Economics Daily Digest: The safety net - government = ?
Economics Daily Digest: The sky isn't falling from minimum wage hikes
Economics Daily Digest: The trouble with Summers' silence
Economics Daily Digest: This Black Friday, labor protests with your sales
Economics Daily Digest: Time to stop talking deficit
Economics Daily Digest: Too cooperative for a Tea Party
Economics Daily Digest: Uncertainty isn't holding us back
Economics Daily Digest: Underdog cities and underfunded agencies
Economics Daily Digest: Unemployment can't be solved with a bus ticket
Economics Daily Digest: Unemployment here or there?
Economics Daily Digest: Visiting the bad jobs fair
Economics Daily Digest: Wall Street's election day fears
Economics Daily Digest: Want a reason to raise wages? Here are seven.
Economics Daily Digest: Washington state points the way on wages
Economics Daily Digest: Watch out for default
Economics Daily Digest: Watching the surveillance state - and its money
Economics Daily Digest: We (almost) have a budget. What next?
Economics Daily Digest: We haven't recovered yet
Economics Daily Digest: Welcome back, government
Economics Daily Digest: Welcoming the regulators
Economics Daily Digest: What colleges can give back
Economics Daily Digest: What is the GDP of the internet?
Economics Daily Digest: What kind of year will it be for workers?
Economics Daily Digest: What sets liberals apart?
Economics Daily Digest: What the CBO report really said about health care reform
Economics Daily Digest: What we didn't bargain for
Economics Daily Digest: When Wall Street worries too much
Economics Daily Digest: When interns are employees too
Economics Daily Digest: When labor laws are applied
Economics Daily Digest: When long-term unemployment becomes permanent
Economics Daily Digest: When patents increase inequality
Economics Daily Digest: When the Right Attacks "Corporatism," It Means "Government"
Economics Daily Digest: When the personal becomes political
Economics Daily Digest: Which schools will make the grade on economic impact?
Economics Daily Digest: Who Needs Telecom Regulations?
Economics Daily Digest: Who has real family values in politics?
Economics Daily Digest: Who owns your rental?
Economics Daily Digest: Why America keeps falling behind
Economics Daily Digest: Why aren't we working on youth unemployment?
Economics Daily Digest: Why haven't moderate Republicans ended the shutdown?
Economics Daily Digest: Will New York fight for the people's trust?
Economics Daily Digest: Worker misclassification leads to missing wages
Economics Daily Digest: You can keep it, unless your insurance is no good
Economics Daily Digest: Your cable package is free speech
Economics Daily Digest: Your internet access isn't so great
Economics Daily Digest: Youth unemployment is leading to tragedy
Economics daily digest: Part-time world
Economists: Paul Ryan misrepresents us in his poverty report
Economy added 195,000 jobs in June. Unemployment rate remains at 7.6%. U6 leaps to 14.3%
Economy adds 203,000 jobs in November. Official unemployment rate falls to 7%. U6 falls to 13.2%
Ed Markey goes to the Senate
Ed Schultz: Washington obstruction vs Obamacare Kentucky success
Editorial abomination Richard Cohen once again impales self on own column
Edward Snowden is somewhere, probably
Edward Snowden leaves Hong Kong
Eff the purple people
Egads, it sure is terrible when SOMEONE ELSE starts wars with trumped-up excuses
Egyptian military says Morsi out, announces suspension of constitution pending new elections
Eighth senator signs on to Landrieu's 'keep your plan' bill
Election Diary Rescue - June 2013
Election Diary Rescue - May 2013
Election Diary Rescue 2014 - Week 1.5
Election Diary Rescue 2014: Week 10
Election Diary Rescue 2014: Week 11
Election Diary Rescue 2014: Week 2
Election Diary Rescue 2014: Week 3
Election Diary Rescue 2014: Week 4
Election Diary Rescue 2014: Week 5
Election Diary Rescue 2014: Week 6
Election Diary Rescue 2014: Week 7
Election Diary Rescue 2014: Week 8
Election Diary Rescue 2014: Week 9
Election day in Massachusetts: Go vote, then GOTV!
Elections have consequences: Virginia won't defend its own gay marriage ban in court
Electrified crowds greet Wendy Davis & company tour in Houston
Elizabeth Warren acts decisively as she lashes out at Congress: Do your job
Elizabeth Warren blasts corporatization of federal courts
Elizabeth Warren gives every Democrat the narrative they need to win. Listen up!
Elizabeth Warren joins expand Social Security team
Elizabeth Warren pushes to end blood donation ban for gay men
Elizabeth Warren responds to Third Way on Social Security: 'Oh please.'
Elizabeth Warren rises, the Village strikes back
Elizabeth Warren still firing back against Wall Street Democrats
Elizabeth Warren still taking on the banksters, regulators
Elizabeth Warren vs. Hillary Clinton in 2016: Great for women, the Democratic Party, and America
Elizabeth Warren wants to know what think tanks are owned by Wall Street
Elizabeth Warren, Markey's not-so-secret weapon
Elizabeth Warren: 'Now, more than ever, the U.S. needs a strong labor movement'
Emails: After Jersey City mayor declined to endorse Christie, meetings suddenly canceled
Emergency jobless aid moves forward in Senate
Emergency manager may be moving Detroit toward bankruptcy
Employer mandate delay will keep about 500,000 uninsured
End times, the Voting Rights Act and Republican 'humor'
Endgame is here: Republicans are breaking
Endgame, part 2: Have House Republicans already started to break?
Endgame: House Republicans have broken
Endgame: The time has come to break House Republicans
Ending the criminal insanity of the concept of corporations as people
Energy Committee Republicans firm up their climate science denial with another know-nothing vote
Enough whining about obstruction, Senate Democrats. Now act.
Environmental advocates to spend $5 million supporting candidates that the Koch brothers attack
Environmental groups launch major ad campaign hammering Republican House candidate on climate change
Equality Day, in pictures
Equip yourself to deflect Obamacare attacks
Eric Cantor dumbsplains how Nancy Pelosi is totally to blame for defeating food stamp cut
Establishment Republicans get ready to battle tea party: 'It's going to be like divorce court'
Establishment Republicans think they've figured out how to stop GOP from nominating crazy people
Evandra Thompson picks up key endorsement
Even Republicans don't like Republicans
Even before the wage theft starts, McDonald's doesn't pay a living wage
Even in dark red Alaska, Democratic Sen. Mark Begich wants to increase Social Security benefits
Even more gun control proposals
Even the lowest estimates put American Indian joblessness far above that of the U.S. population
Everyone knows poor people are fat, so fitness must mean food stamp fraud
Everything you need to know about Obamacare in seven minutes
Everything's bigger in Texas ... and soon that'll include how far women have to go for health care
Ex-governor and ex-con Edwin Edwards is actually going to run for Congress
Exit strategies
Expected today, government's Keystone XL review said likely to disappoint environmental advocates
Experimenting on children: Why Johnny (and Jenny) isn’t learning middle school science
Explosion and building collapse reported in Manhattan
Extra, extra, read all about ... what's killing journalism
Extremist Rep. Duncan Hunter (R-Moronville) has a plan: Nuke Iran
Extremists in Ohio Senate vote to defund Planned Parenthood, and that's not the worst of it
Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson: 'What good is it to save the planet if humanity suffers?'
Eyeroll #2,239: Former CIA chief Hayden says claims it spied on Senate Intel staffers is a 'reach'
FCC chair exploring net neutrality enforcement options
FEMA won't pay to rebuild Texas town after fertilizer explosion
FISA Court orders declassification review of rulings
FISA: Now Hiring
Facing heavy pressure to veto anti-gay bill, Brewer is taking her sweet time
Facing pressure from the far right, Boehner won't commit on immigration reform
Facing shutdown uncertainty, furloughed federal workers file for unemployment
Fact checking the fact checker on the CBO report
Failing to extend unemployment insurance isn't just mean, it's stupid
Fake Santa
Fake news story apparently prompts real legislation in Colorado
Falling off the unemployment insurance cliff
False Republican outrage in 3...2...1: White House delays employer mandate another year
Family Research Council forms two new ex-gay groups, wants an 'Ex-Gay Pride Month'
Family Research Council guy says America now in era of 'pagan sexuality'
Family Research Council shows how the grift is done
Far right not buying Boehner's budget tricks
Far right wants you to celebrate the holidays by rejecting health insurance
Far-right Texas Republican wins local seat by pretending to be black
Far-right homeschool parents' protest against Common Core misses the mark
Fast food CEO: Low-paid managers prefer 'stature' to overtime pay
Fast food strikes go nationwide on Aug. 29
Fast food strikes kick off across the country
Fast food workers strike because 'these companies aren’t magically going to make our lives better'
Fast food workers strike in 60 cities
Fast food workers to strike in 100 cities
Fatalities confirmed in Omaha plant accident
Fear is the mindkiller: Focus group peers into the Republican brain
Fear of flying
Federal chief judges plead with Congress to lift sequester
Federal investigators dig into Duke's coal-ash spill and its coziness with NC regulators and McCrory
Federal judge overturns Michigan gay marriage, adoption ban
Federal judge rules NSA bulk collection likely unconstitutional
Federal judge rules Oklahoma ban on marriage equality unconstitutional
Federal judge says NSA phone data bulk collection legal
Federal judge strikes down Texas gay marriage ban
Federal judge strikes down Utah's gay marriage ban
Federal judge strikes down Virginia gay marriage ban
Federal judge twice considered for Supreme Court said blacks and Latinos are more violence prone
Federal judge: Kentucky must recognize out-of-state gay marriages
Federal security probe shared private information of thousands with nearly 30 agencies
Feds file fraud complaint against company that handles 45% of all government background checks
Feds to investigate Christie's use of Hurricane Sandy relief fund
Feed an extra 4 billion: Grow crops for humans, not animals
Feinstein shocked intelligence agency can't be trusted
Fetal "facts"
Few American companies join major effort to inspect Bangladeshi factories
Fiesta Bowl open thread
Fifty years after King's speech, racial inequality can still be measured in dollars
Fifty years after the Equal Pay Act, there's still a lot to be done
Fighting Dem Sen. Ellie Kinnaird resigns her NC Senate seat to battle GOP voter suppression
Fighting Dems of Texas show how filibuster is done
Fighting back against the SCOTUS voting rights decision
Fighting for green: People of color and environmental justice
Fighting inequality begins at home
Filibuster busted, Reid pushes through long-blocked nominations
Filibuster deal should move NLRB past trumped-up recess appointments fight
Filibuster reform, and the triumph of real activism
Filibuster reformed? Not according to Republicans
Filibustered, again
Finally some good news for Chris Christie. Sort of.
Fireagra, for foreign policy impotence
Fired UC Davis pepper-spray lieutenant gets $38,000 compensation, more than those he assaulted
First Nations, Métis and Inuit: Global Day of Action
First TV ads hit in Colorado recall, financed by extreme 'gun rights guru'
First gun show accident of 2014 continues avg. 1-per-month streak into 3rd year: GunFAIL LVII
First same-sex married couple to be approved for permanent resident visa
First, kill all the 'gerrymander-ers'
Fitch Ratings puts U.S. on downgrade watch
Five Colorado counties vote symbolically to secede from the state
Five GOP senators put unemployment aid pressure where it belongs: On John Boehner
Five stages
Five states you will care about a lot in November of 2014
Five things you need to know about Bill O'Reilly's interview with President Obama
Five years after the financial collapse and no Wall Street executive has been criminally charged
Five years ago today, John McCain crippled the Republican Party
Fix the Debt astroturfers caught astroturfing
Fix the Debt circles the nation, catfood plan at the ready
Florida 13th Congressional District special election preview and predictions thread
Florida Gov. Rick Scott renews voter purge now that Voting Rights Act is no longer in the way
Florida Republican Bill Young retires, opening up a top pickup opportunity for Democrats
Florida Republican calls for hanging President Obama
Florida attorney general delays execution to attend fundraiser
Florida candidate promises Obamcare repeal, despite opposition of supporters
Florida health department chief bans navigators from local clinics
Florida mother has to prove her dying son can't take a standardized test
Florida schools chief to resign over grade-fixing scandal
Florida special election: We didn't turn out, we didn't win
Foes of Obamacare outspent proponents 5:1 in advertising
Following the money, NSA defunding edition
Food bank sending trucks to feed furloughed Grand Canyon workers
Food banks face food stamp cuts: 'The charitable system can’t make up such a loss'
Food banks struggle to find enough Thanksgiving turkeys after food stamp benefit cuts
Food insecurity forces millions to skip meals, while Republicans push food stamp cuts
Food stamp 'compromise' will cut aid for nearly 2 million
Food stamp benefit cuts start Nov. 1, but have roots in 2010
Food stamps and Medicaid aren't where the War on Poverty is failing
Food stamps are an investment in children's lives
Food stamps are on the chopping block again as House and Senate farm bill negotiations start
Food stamps cuts hit food banks hard just in time for Thanksgiving
Food, heat and jobs; we've cut them all
Football open thread: Green Bay Packers vs. the Detroit Lions
Football open thread: Oakland Raiders vs. the Dallas Cowboys
Football open thread: Pittsburgh Steelers vs. the Baltimore Ravens
Football!
For House Republicans, jobs are job #1. Except for all the other stuff.
For Obama to claim some credibility on the NSA spying scandal, Alexander and Clapper must go
For Obama, chickens come home to roost on Bush torture program
For Paul Ryan, default threat is 'leverage' for taking women's birth control
For Republicans, just don't call it Obamacare
For Ted Cruz, Nelson Mandela's memorial service was all about Ted Cruz
For some reason, people care about Bridgegate. Fake Benghazi? Not so much
For the Koch brothers: Possible $100 billion in tar sands profit if Keystone XL pipeline is approved
For those who share your diaries, we salute you
Forbes: 'The Invasion Of Crimea Is Crushing Russia's Stock And Currency Markets'
Forcing Sebelius out doesn't fix anything, and might even make things worse
Forget 'independents.' The path to Democratic victory is through our base
Forget Mark Sanford: Here is a special election with real lessons for 2014
Forget the campaign claims, North Carolina governor decides to sign anti-abortion bill, after all
Former Canadian weighs in on impeaching Obama: 'Good question'
Former Christie aide continues refusal to comply with subpoena
Former Christie aide takes the Fifth before New Jersey Assembly
Former Energy Secretary Steven Chu concedes the obvious: Keystone XL a political decision
Former House Speaker Jim Wright latest to run afoul of Texas 'voter ID' law
Former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown embraces outside money in New Hampshire run
Former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown packing up his carpet bag, moving to New Hampshire
Former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown will carpetbag up to New Hampshire to 'explore' a Senate bid
Former Texas Republican Party chair says immigration reform will bring about the End Times
Former conservative hero and Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell indicted
Forty-one years later, forced-birthers relentlessly work to weaken Roe v. Wade however they can
Four hours of hearings later, Republicans still don't care about people getting insurance
Four in 10 poultry workers have carpal tunnel, and the government wants to make it worse
Four out of five Americans are living on the economic edge as inequality rises
Four things I've learned from conservatives about successful liberal&nbspwomen
Fournier SUPER excited that young people hate Obama (yet they'd still vote for him)
Fox & Friends unveil the next Obamacare lie
Fox (and their Republican friends) go silent on CBS Benghazi report now that it's been retracted
Fox Business: DOMA ruling means we must cut Social Security now
Fox News bravely exposes President Obama's blatant support for murdering white people
Fox News brings on 1990s Bill Clinton accuser to declare Hillary 'is the war on women'
Fox News commentator grumbles about liberal media bubble
Fox News corrects CBS's bad Obamacare story?!?!
Fox News disappointed by lack of grandeur in Obama's speech about slow website loading times
Fox News doc says women should pay more for health insurance because they have breasts, ovaries
Fox News dreams of a Very White Christmas
Fox News guest's memory of the media and the Iraq war is 'like night and day'
Fox News ignores elephant in the room: Wonders what's happening to Florida's beaches
Fox News perpetuates the 'insurance company bailout' lie
Fox News polling questions are hilarious
Fox News ponders whether Syria is sign of the End Times
Fox News pundit warns of 'creeping paganism' in America, because that's an actual news thing now
Fox News thinks feeding old people is 'buying their votes'
Fox News writing the script for the next lie about CBO, Obamacare
Fox News' Megyn Kelly beginning to sound desperate on impeachment
Fox News' hack has a plan to fix the country
Fox News, the Republican shutdown, Obama derangement and 'research'
Fox News: 'Cheap student loans keep people out of the labor market'
Fox News: Why aren't more people covered by Obamacare before it starts?
Fox commentator admits America has Third World health care
Fox pundit: Yes, Krugman's right and I'm wrong, but that's okay because nobody will believe him
Fox reported, you decided: Presenting their 'best' moment of 2013
Fox: Christie bridge scandal puts focus on Obama #BenghazIRSocare scandals
Fox: JFK didn't golf during Cuban Missile Crisis, so therefore Obama sucks
Franklin Graham praises Vladimir Putin for crackdown on homosexuality. What is with these people?
Fraudsters and scammers see opportunity in Obamacare launch
Freedom fowl
Freedom means burning your non-existent Obamacare card. Like the hippies would have
FreedomWorks announces new list of preferred Freedom Morons
Fresh fruit, broken bodies: The human cost of American agriculture
Friday fun, amazing videos of the week
Fringe website says fringe tea partiers upset that McConnell called them fringe
From 'I don't want any part of Obamacare' to 'It's a godsend'
From Kentucky, a reminder of the bigger health insurance picture
From West Virginia to Wall Street: Greed shows the need for tough, smart regulation
From blizzard-battered S.D. ranchers to Ohio food pantries, Republican shutdown hurts the nation
From domestic violence shelters to the Centers for Disease Control, Republican shutdown harming U.S.
From horrendous to hilarious: 2013's media mistakes and corrections
Fun facts about a government shutdown!
Fundraising email: Skip holiday gifts for the kids, give to Scott Walker
Funny Obama interview on 'Between Two Ferns' makes some conservatives want to die
Funny definition of 'healthy balance' you got there, Scotty
Furloughed workers rally against Republican shutdown at Capitol and around the country
Furloughs are here for Defense Department workers
GDP growth 25% less in fourth quarter of 2013 than previously estimated
GM bailout produced a windfall for U.S. taxpayers
GOP 'moderates' pissed that they have to lie in the bed they made
GOP Colorado recall candidate discovered to have written 'erotic romance' novels
GOP PUAs
GOP Rep. Cory Gardner reportedly set to make surprise Senate run in Colorado
GOP Rep. Lee Terry: You're 'dang straight' I'm keeping my paycheck during the shutdown
GOP Senate candidate admits there are 'things Obamacare seems to have right'
GOP Senate candidate holds first press briefing of campaign, can't answer Obamacare repeal question
GOP Super PAC's idea for fun and fundraising: 'Slap Hillary' game
GOP abortion bills mandate medical malpractice
GOP abortion foes are criminalizing the doctor-patient relationship
GOP aide fails SNAP challenge, declares himself 'Undisputed SNAP Challenge Champion'
GOP aide goes on popsicle-fueled right-wing publicity stunt in favor of cutting food stamps
GOP blocks vote on Democratic plan: Insurance companies rejoice
GOP candidate E.W. Jackson has history of unpaid taxes, bills
GOP caucus dysfunctional? Blame it on Obama!
GOP clueless about how sovereign bond market works
GOP collapses in Virginia
GOP commits double fraud with Obamacare navigator smear campaign
GOP congressman offers solution to debt limit crisis: Impeach Obama if government defaults
GOP congressman proposes legislation requiring government to remain open when it gets shut down
GOP congressman who flip-flopped on personhood still a cosponsor of federal personhood legislation
GOP congressman: 'We have to get something out of this, and I don't even know what that even is.'
GOP congressman: If immigration reform doesn't stop immigration, it will kill the Republican Party
GOP consultant: Democrats have more women officeholders due to their 'affirmative action philosophy'
GOP does minority outreach. Again.
GOP donors on Christie fallout: 'I think we need Mitt back'
GOP establishes 2014 strategy: Stop lunatics from winning primaries
GOP establishment's challenge: How to avoid another Akin without pissing off the base too much
GOP falls off the cliff
GOP giving up the government shutdown hostage, seizing the debt ceiling
GOP governors in disarray over Obamacare
GOP governors to GOPers in Congress: Don't shut down the government
GOP hack 'exposes' Obama's devious plan to enslave you
GOP health insurance plan: If you like your current plan, you'll have to pay more for it
GOP in a panic over Georgia primary freak show
GOP is an insurrectionist neo-Confederate party
GOP leadership asked Reid to keep debt limit vote tally secret during vote
GOP marks 10 years since giving Bush clean debt ceiling hike
GOP mulls whether Rep. Paul Broun is too nuts even for them
GOP on GOP Medicaid fight deepens
GOP plan would kick 5 million people off food stamps and increase health care costs
GOP planning to block unemployment aid, try to blame Harry Reid
GOP plots to shorten 2016 primaries, weaken southern state influence
GOP precinct chair booted after racist Daily Show interview now blasts 'gutless' Republican Party
GOP ready to leave off Obamacare repeal and start on defunding
GOP rebranding continued: Mega-donors demand more say in campaigns
GOP rebranding effort runs afoul of conservative demand they not help sick children
GOP rebranding update
GOP rebranding, continued: Boehner secures meeting space for group promoting Russia's anti-gay laws
GOP senator discovers 'socialized medicine' covers his hospital bills and lives to tell the tale
GOP senator howls about the 'environmental jihad'
GOP senator: Vocational school is the answer to high student loan debt
GOP senator: We'll shut down government to kill Obamacare
GOP senators look for way to blame Veterans Affairs backlog on unions
GOP senators more afraid of Ted Cruz than he is of them
GOP spin: Re-elect McConnell because he eventually figured out the Republican shutdown needed to end
GOP staff: Our bosses 'threw staff under the bus'
GOP still fixates on border security as illegal immigration plummets
GOP still looking for their big Obama scandal
GOP still plans to repeal and replace Obamacare with ... nothing
GOP strategist slams 'the stupid wing of the Republican Party'
GOP surrender roundup: Sadness, woe and conservative civil war
GOP tax bill 'dead before arrival'
GOP temper tantrum forces all night session in Senate
GOP thinks a shorter 2016 calendar will solve its White House woes
GOP uses misleading website to trick Dems into donating to Republicans
GOP will repeat Ryan budget history by adopting Camp tax plan next year
GOP wunderkind drives Wisconsin into the ground
GOP's Obamacare temper tantrum just drags on and on and on
GOP: 'How to stop worrying and love government default,' and how the president should respond
GOP: Founding Fathers created defect-free Constitution, ended slavery
GOPers willing to lose House in losing bid to kill Obamacare
GOProud co-founder gives up, leaves Republican Party
Gabriel Gomez, independent voice?
Gaggle of America's dumbest Republicans seek impeachment of Eric Holder
Gallup's payroll-to-population metric falls slightly
Gallup: Number of uninsured hits five-year low
Gap raising wages for 65,000 workers
Gay Pennsylvania rep. blocked from speaking on DOMA because it would be against 'God's law'
Gee, you mean Republicans don't want to fix Obamacare?
General Motors to offer benefits to all its married workers
Gentlemen, start your engines: Hillary derangement syndrome has begun
George Washington is not my 'Great White Father'
George Will says unmarried black women a bigger problem than any 'absence of rights'
George Zimmerman murder trial completes first week of testimony
George Zimmerman says the government made him 'a scapegoat'
George Zimmerman, Off The Hook
Georgia GOP operative calls Republican elected officials liars on Obamacare
Georgia Rep. Paul Broun, 'freedom fighter' for freedomy freedom
Georgia insurance official gleeful about Obamacare sabotage
Georgia poised to require drug tests for food stamps
Georgia state commissioner compares having pre-existing conditions to cheating insurance companies
Georgia will be the next purple state
Georgia's version of Todd Akin gets tea-flavored endorsement
Georgians can soon take guns to taverns and airports, but not into the building where law was passed
Get ready for the 'Huckabee Post'
Get your NFL trading cards here!
Get your favorite restaurant onto the high road
Get your ingredients for a union-made Thanksgiving
Gettysburg Address 'outrage' provides handy checklist of stupidest people in America
Giffords and Kelly will tour selected states as part of new push for background checks
Gillibrand considers narrowing military sexual assault bill to gain votes
Gillibrand gets two unlikely allies in fight against military sexual assault
Gillibrand racing to line up votes as Senate expected to vote on Military Justice Improvement Act
Gillibrand's Military Justice Improvement Act blocked in Senate vote
Gillibrand: 'Not every commander can distinguish between a slap on the ass and a rape'
Gillibrand: 'We will have the votes' on military sexual assault bill
Girl Scouts face far-right 'cookiecott'
Girly-hat-gate ends with a whimper
Give credit to CBS
Giving gas a pass
Glenn Beck apologizes for offending you with the truth
Glenn Greenwald killed the internet
Global food wars have begun
God Love Calgary Cruz
God caused the Colorado wildfires because women wear pants, have breasts
God-Man and his faithful sidekick, Fan-Boy!
Goldilocks Old Party: Making the laws just right
Goldman Sachs: Sequester could kill 100,000 federal jobs in coming year
Gomez desperately trying to capture Democratic votes
Gomez fails his first debate test against Markey
Gomez losing support from women
Gomez refuses to release client list
Gomez still hasn't bothered to figure out Blunt amendment, women stuff
Gomez tries to emulate Brown, turns into Romney
Good jobs are starting to look like unicorns or winning lotto tickets
Good luck, GOP, convincing people they're better off without insurance
Good news! Decision on Keystone XL pipeline delayed until 2014
Good news! Tickets still available for Mitt Romney's New Hampshire fundraiser
Good news, sequester-style: Head Start cuts 57,000 kids
Google asks government to allow publishing of national security request information
Google bus taxes are like Kristallnacht, says venture capitalist in Wall Street Journal
Google slaps phishing warning on misleading GOP website
Gore on fire: Says humans treating atmosphere 'as if it is an open sewer'
Gov't reports GDP at 1.7% for second quarter, higher than expected, but first quarter revised down
Gov. Bobby Jindal explains what 'the left wants'
Gov. Chris Christie announces special election to fill Frank Lautenberg's Senate seat
Gov. Chris Christie/Sen. Rand Paul feud could make Christie president
Gov. Jerry Brown cuts against national trend by signing law that expands access to safe abortions
Gov. Jerry Brown proposes to fix unemployment comp deficit without taking it out of workers' hides
Gov. Pat McCrory says his policies 'too complex' for journalists to judge
Gov. Paul LePage tells fellow Republicans: Obama 'hates white people'
Government collecting Americans' phone records under secret court order
Government oversight board issues report saying NSA bulk phone calls program is illegal
Government reports 175,000 new jobs were created in February
Government reports far fewer new jobs created in January than expected. Official rate falls to 6.6%
Government reports just 74,000 new jobs in December, but drop-outs push unemployment rate to 6.7%
Government shutdown could cost taxpayers billions
Government shutdown just a blip on the way to full campaign coffers
Government shutdown surprisingly leads to government not getting things done
Government shutdown would mean hunger for low-income women and their children
Grand Bargain 2.0: Obama to offer tax cuts in exchange for investment in jobs
Grants for Obamacare 'navigators' made in hostile territory
Great news! Boehner wants to negotiate!
Green diary rescue celebrates its resurrection anniversary with a record number of diaries!!
Green diary rescue: 'Mind-boggling' amounts of cesium at Fukushima, OIG clears pipeline contractor
Green diary rescue: 150th coal plant to close, the shutdown and food safety
Green diary rescue: Chevron protest, fracking methane in Utah, Fukushima leaks into ocean
Green diary rescue: Cleaning up radwaste, designing from nature, Fukushima health fallout?
Green diary rescue: Climate change deniers love 'dark money' backers, fracking controls, LEDs
Green diary rescue: Climate clock ticking, dealing with trash, ALEC assaults clean energy
Green diary rescue: Climate enclaves for the rich, WV spill, NSA spied on Copenhagen talks
Green diary rescue: Crafting Keystone public comments, Western states' drought, Landrieu in charge
Green diary rescue: Deniers poke at IPCC report, hornets galore, where's high speed rail—China
Green diary rescue: Foes of tar sands mining grow, FDA nixes livestock antibiotics, fighting ALEC
Green diary rescue: Fracktivists across several states, #Up4Climate talkathon, climate storytelling
Green diary rescue: Fukushima on the edge, fighting Big Oil, LOLing over Keystone XL bike path
Green diary rescue: Getting worse in W.Va., clean energy investment falls, pipelines and trains
Green diary rescue: Hummingbird diarists warn and inspire
Green diary rescue: Interpreting the president on climate, plus wolves, LEDs and Landsat Earth art
Green diary rescue: John Kerry's tough speech in Jakarta, W.Va.'s latest spill, whither the moose?
Green diary rescue: Kochs try to squelch solar power, litmus test on climate change for candidates?
Green diary rescue: Low-end temperature estimates less likely, nuked sailors, fracking hearings
Green diary rescue: Mosquito fish, more trickery from pipeline consultant, 20-foot rise in oceans
Green diary rescue: Overfishing, protesting friggin' fracking, pondering civilization's collapse
Green diary rescue: Palm oil devastation, suing Enbridge, protesting coal
Green diary rescue: Petcoke chokes south Chicago, EPA going to Supreme Court again
Green diary rescue: President Obama's pipeline decision, Germany's beer drinkers vs. fracking
Green diary rescue: Protesting Keystone XL, remembering and restoring Native agricultural methods
Green diary rescue: Residential solar in Arizona, climate conference in Warsaw, bad fish everywhere
Green diary rescue: S.F. Bay on carbon cuts, Michigan on renewables, Colorado voters on fracking
Green diary rescue: Saving snow leopards, fighting coal, struggling for food justice
Green diary rescue: Snow doesn't mean no global warming, exploding trains, tainted water
Green diary rescue: Social costs of fracking, singing to Obama, $91 million of Walton greenwashing
Green diary rescue: Solar panels on White House at last, wind farms rising, deniers no smarter
Green diary rescue: Spill taints West Virginia water, climate report leaked, peak oil undebunked
Green diary rescue: Sunstein's climate talk doesn't match record, acid oceans, fracking earthquakes
Green diary rescue: Thousands of protesters fight Keystone XL, coal ash spill taints the Dan River
Green diary rescue: Transcanada's BS, the cost of Arctic methane, O'Malley's climate change plan
Green diary rescue: Unlicensed mercenaries in the north woods, Republicans in the hot zones
Green diary rescue: Wolves under the gun, eyeballing damselflies & mapping the polar cyclone
Green diary rescue: acidic oceans, bio-coal, agro-ecology, Rep. Shimkus on carbon regulations
Green diary rescue: eco-city models, climate chaos speedup, digging coal on public land
Green diary rescue: electric car carbon footprint, flat solar activity, antibiotics, coal and gas
Green diary rescue: hummingbirds and tortoises, nukes and bees, fighting ALEC
Greetings from flyover country
Grijalva and 23 colleagues seek delay in Keystone decision until conflict of interest probe is done
Grijalva calls for cessation of mineral and energy extraction on public lands until shutdown ends
Grim job prospects for those in their early 20s
Group of Senate Democrats urges Obama to choose Janet Yellen for Fed chair
Groups call on Secretary of State Kerry to toss out tainted Keystone pipeline environmental review
Grover Norquist group plans to keep up the anti-union fear across the south
Grover Norquist rejects Landrieu bill on preventing health plan cancellations
Growing chorus of Republicans say raising debt limit not that big a deal
Guardian teams with the New York Times in effort to protect Snowden documents
Guardian: Bush era program of internet surveillance of Americans continued through 2011
Guess how Darrell Issa thinks he'll be able to shape the 2016 debate
Guess which students get suspended the most in our post-racial society
Guess who's the major stakeholder in Canada's oil sands? Of course, it's the Kochs
Guess why the Army's top sexual assault prosecutor's been suspended
GunFAIL XL
GunFAIL XLI
GunFAIL XLII: LAX shooter's was actually the SECOND gun fired in a U.S. airport last week
GunFAIL XX
GunFAIL XXI
GunFAIL XXII
GunFAIL XXIII
GunFAIL XXIV
GunFAIL XXIX
GunFAIL XXV
GunFAIL XXVI
GunFAIL XXVII
GunFAIL XXVIII
GunFAIL XXX
GunFAIL XXXI
GunFAIL XXXIII
GunFAIL XXXIV
GunFAIL XXXIX
GunFAIL XXXV
GunFAIL XXXVI
GunFAIL XXXVII
GunFAIL XXXVIII
Gutting rights with a cynical smile
Guttmacher Institute study: More than a million unintended pregnancies cost public $12.5 billion
Guttmacher points to harm caused women by abortion funding restrictions at home and abroad
Guttmacher: Abortion at lowest rate since Roe v. Wade ruling. And not because of draconian new laws
HHS refuses to provide Issa with Healthcare.gov security documents, citing past Issa leaks
HHS: Obamacare premiums coming in lower than expected
Hagel tries to prevent Obama's words from being used against justice in military sexual assaults
Hagel: U.S. ready for Syria strike
Hahahahahaha, Fox
Handy comparison chart: Janet Yellen vs. Larry Summers
Hannity hosts GOP civil war over Obamacare
Hannity's lame justification for partisan hypocrisy
Happy 40th Obamacare care repeal vote day!
Happy 48th birthday, Medicare!
Happy 78th birthday, Social Security, and many more
Happy Health Insurance Day!
Happy Holidays
Happy New Congress Year!
Happy New Year! Predictions for 2014
Happy New Year, from the GOP!
Hard-liners in Iran, U.S. and Israel could screw up a permanent nuclear agreement
Hard-right fiscal hawk Tim Huelskamp finds some pork he likes
Harry Reid doubles down on Koch criticism
Harry Reid hospitalized
Harry Reid really screwed up this time
Harry Reid slams Koch brothers
Harry Reid to Politico: 'Get a brain, OK?'
Harry Reid: Boehner agreed to clean CR last month—then reneged because he's 'afraid'
Harry Reid: No dice on a six-week debt ceiling hike
Harry Reid: Senate Republicans are 'addicted to Koch'
Harsh new laws force more than 50 abortion clinics to close since 2010
Harvard Study: States' Medicaid expansion refusal will kill thousands
Harvard or not, Chris Christie is much smarter than Ted Cruz. Do Republicans care?
Harvey Richards, Lawyer for Children
Has Ted Cruz already moved to quash emerging Senate deal to end the Republican shutdown?
Has Verizon already violated net neutrality?
Has the Republican government shutdown affected you personally? Share your stories with us
Hatemonger Bill Donohue wants to march in NYC Pride parade. Do it!
Have an American-made, union-made Fourth of July
Having already done nothing, House GOP plans more doing nothing
Having solved all other problems, Congress vows to protect Christmas
Having the top 10% collect 50% of household income is not the natural order. That skew can be fixed
Hawaii Gov. Abercrombie signs marriage equality law
Hawaii House puts that state on track to be the next in line for marriage equality
Hawks see Russia's move in Crimea as good excuse for bolstering the case for spending more on nukes
Health care reformageddon
Health care spending continues to slow
Health care spending still shrinking
Health care-mudgeons
Health insurance co-ops are driving lower premiums
Health insurance for free? Millions could qualify
Health insurance premium growth staying slow, but customers don't notice
Health insurers are not happy
Health insurers' stocks, CEOs feeling good about Obamacare
Health officials say formaldehyde found in WV water unlikely to be from Freedom Industries' spill
HealthCare.gov expected to be 'running smoothly' by the end of November
HealthCare.gov glitches continue, site usage shrinks
HealthCare.gov is working well, and the good news stories are flowing
HealthCare.gov must be working, because Republicans are attacking Obama over a handshake
HealthCare.gov passes security check, will Issa?
HealthCare.gov relaunch working at front end, but insurers at back end still have problems
HealthCare.gov traffic flowing and Obamacare enrollments surging
Healthcare dot gov fixing
Healthcare dot gov meeting
Heartland Institute gets called on their shameless revisionism—by the Chinese
Heckuva rebranding you've got going on there, Reince
Held in contempt by Darrell Issa? Now that's something to be proud of.
Hell bent for healthcare
Help celebrate Oregon's summer of love
Help! Police!
Henry Waxman and the impending irrelevance of Congress
Her inspirational bout with breast cancer a good reason for Obamacare
Here we go again
Here's a way to volunteer right now that both helps people and has a political impact
Here's an ad about R--skins that its makers don't have the money to show during Sunday's Superbowl
Here's an updated whip count on how Congress views military action in Syria. Undecideds dwindling
Here's another idea, Reince
Here's another reason why the defund Obamacare scheme is DOA: People don't want to defund Obamacare
Here's how Darrell Issa manufactured the IRS 'scandal'
Here's how you can help get Oregon marriage equality on the ballot
Here's one Republican plan to reduce health care costs
Here's one reason Darrell Issa didn't want to release the full IRS transcripts
Here's what Obama said that made Republicans sit on their hands
Here's what Republicans say they want in exchange for not causing a debt crisis
Here's what worries Republicans about the looming government shutdown
Here's where I punch back at Third Way in Politico
Here's why a record number of women in the workforce is no cause for celebration
Here's why if you don't like inequality, you should support unions
Here's why one top Iowa Republican thinks Ted Cruz is ready for 2016
Here's why paid sick leave laws are hard to pass
Heritage Action says don't be afraid to shut down government and they have a poll
Heritage Action tells Republicans to nix rumored Murray-Ryan budget deal
Heritage stirs up the GOP civil war, rejecting ideas that are 'too serious'
Herman Cain speculates the Devil was behind all those sexual harassment allegations
Hero Cruz celebrates shutdown victory with 'the American people'
Heroes of the motherland: How the NSA won the war in Iraq (or wants you to think it did)
Herring declares victory in Virginia attorney general race
Hey pundits, Obamacare is the law
Hey, Ohio! You can sign up for Obamacare, too
Hey, Reince, that's not how presidential elections work
High praise: Republican Senator calls Harry Reid an 'absolute asshole'
Higher interest in education
Hilarious advice to Republicans, from Republicans, on the Republican shutdown
Hillary Clinton and a left flank: How a Clinton presidency could redefine progressive governance
Hillary Clinton calls for restoration of voter rights suppressed by Supreme Court's Shelby decision
Hillary Clinton is suddenly stuck in 2008, if not 1992
Hillary Clinton is very popular
Hillary soars over GOP hopefuls in Iowa poll as Christie's crash gets worse
Hillary to decide in 2014
History in harmony: Austerity then and now
Hobby Lobby: Does RFRA violate the Establishment Clause?
Hobby Lobby: SCOTUS to consider exercise of religion by corporations
Hoboken mayor takes Christie allegation to U.S. attorney, lt. gov. denies political use of Sandy aid
Hogwarts 90210? J. K. Rowling now says Hermione should have married Harry, not Ron.
Holder seeks to restore key Voting Rights Act protections in Texas
Holder, 'deeply disappointed' with Voting Rights Act ruling, urges Congress to take action
Holder: Felons should not lose their voting rights permanently
Holder: Sequester cuts 'threaten the integrity of our criminal justice system'
Holiday gift guide
Honchos and worker bees
Hoops and health insurance
Hoping to someday Stand Your Ground? Ken Cuccinelli wants to be your lawyer.
Horny for Huckabee
Hostess, but not its workers, makes a comeback
House 'moderate' Republican revolt doesn't materialize
House Committee tees up 38th Obamacare repeal vote
House Committee to Stop Hillary Clinton 2016 leaks Benghazi draft report
House Democrats condense Issa's 'investigation' of IRS 'scandal' into its essence: A pile of manure
House Democrats finally end Republican shutdown
House Democrats may use discharge petition to try for minimum wage vote
House Democrats meeting soon to discuss their stance on GOP's latest budget bill delaying Obamacare
House Democrats pressuring Republicans for immigration reform vote
House Democrats push for student loan interest vote
House Democrats remind business groups that they were the ones who ended the GOP shutdown
House Dems confident Boehner will crack on immigration
House Dems to pursue discharge petition to force vote on reopening government
House GOP campaign chief calls 2014 a referendum on 'Hurricane' Obamacare
House GOP holds immigration meeting, agrees they don't like brown people
House GOP in deeper disarray over Farm Bill, food stamps
House GOP leaders hold meeting on whether to shut down government
House GOP will seek a one-year delay on Obamacare as exchange for not shutting down government
House GOP: This time there will be an Obamacare replacement plan, for real
House GOPer says impeaching Obama would be 'dream come true' but there's just one little problem
House GOPer thinks she's just the woman to stop that foreign-born America-hating despot named Obama
House Intelligence Committee hearing shows limits of oversight
House Majority PAC starts spending to counter Kochs
House Republican concedes that GOP's interests aren't aligned with the country's
House Republican demands discrimination
House Republican leadership rallies support for Murray-Ryan budget deal as Senate conservatives balk
House Republican rush to offer own plan to end their shutdown
House Republican wrecks rental house, then sues landlord
House Republican, and by that I mean a different one, says House has votes to impeach Obama
House Republican: More babies equals more jobs, so let's ban abortion
House Republicans announce how many days they'll work next year (hint: not very many)
House Republicans are winning the shutdown, says House Republican
House Republicans cheer as they pass farm bill without food stamps or a future
House Republicans consider creating yet another debt limit hostage crisis, this time over Obamacare
House Republicans debt ceiling offer: Pick your own ransom note!
House Republicans decide they don't need no stinkin' government!
House Republicans decide to shut down the government
House Republicans divided on debt limit
House Republicans don't have an Obamacare replacement plan, but they've got the PR strategy
House Republicans draw bead on next Obamacare target: Medicaid expansion
House Republicans fighting over how to take government, Obamacare hostage
House Republicans finally call it quits on DOMA defense
House Republicans focus on critical work in last days of session: Obamacare hearings!
House Republicans getting strange email threats—and they're coming from inside the building
House Republicans have a 'vision' for health care, but no plan
House Republicans hold hearing to decide how often they can say 'impeachment' before looking crazy
House Republicans launch site where the public can 'cosponsor' bills. Sigh.
House Republicans moving quickly on Ukraine loan guarantees, but the sniping at Obama continues
House Republicans pass No Child Left Behind overhaul, predictably leaving children behind
House Republicans pass new 'deport the children' act
House Republicans pass shutdown hot potato to Senate Republicans
House Republicans plan roadshow to sell a health insurance plan they don't have
House Republicans pledge to delay Obamacare ... after repealing it
House Republicans ponder whether to just give up that whole 'budget' thing
House Republicans prepare the next Obamacare repeal bill, in disguise
House Republicans prove hatred of America with 'No More Parks' bill
House Republicans reach pathetic milestone: 50th Obamacare repeal vote
House Republicans reveal what they plan on doing after their summer break
House Republicans still fighting over best way to lose on Obamacare
House Republicans take 47th vote to repeal Obamacare
House Republicans take Steve King's side on immigration policy even as they condemn his remarks
House Republicans to spend August vacation telling constituents how much they hate Washington
House Republicans to take 47th Obamacare repeal vote: The Upton bill edition
House Republicans try and fail with piecemeal spending bills
House Republicans trying to make amends for that whole shutdown thing
House Republicans unveil their debt limit ransom note
House Republicans vote to ban abortion coverage that's not in Obamacare
House Republicans vote to block another one of George Bush's crazy efficiency standards
House Republicans vote to gut Obamacare for 52nd time
House Republicans vote to shut down government. Again.
House Republicans voted 109 times against environmental protection in 2013
House Republicans vow to keep fighting their losing fight
House Republicans will bring back piecemeal spending bills
House Republicans worried their crazy will show in primaries
House Republicans: Huge farm subsidies for me, no food stamps for you
House approves debt limit increase with most Republicans voting for default
House hearing showed what blockheads climate change deniers are. But are delayers any better?
House is within reach in 2014. Really.
House leadership really, really wants a shutdown
House not exactly working 9 to 5
House panel slams NSA, administration spying program
House passes Murray-Ryan budget
House passes food stamp starvation bill, 217-210
House passes food stamp-slashing farm bill
House takes up mini budget bill scheme
House to hold Syria hearing; Senate begins markup on use of force resolution
House to vote on Murray-Ryan budget; GOP to block vote on emergency unemployment insurance extension
House to vote on bipartisan amendment curtailing the NSA's power
House vote to slash food stamps is coming while Syria holds the headlines
House votes for jobs for masturbating fetuses, or something
House votes to manufacture Obamacare security scandal
House wingnuts hatch new plan to turn #Benghazi into Biggest Scandal Ever™
House-Senate committee negotiating farm bill and food stamps is ... not inspiring
House Republicans floundering over Obamacare replacement plan
How 'Arrested Development' explains the Republican Party
How Democrats can run on Obamacare and win
How Democrats helped Republicans save BushCare
How House Republicans guaranteed a shutdown: by changing the rules
How Hurricane Sandy devastated Mitt Romney
How I failed Beltway 101 taught by Ron Fournier
How I met your mayor: A preview of November's most exciting mayoral elections
How NSA employees are prepped for awkward holiday dinners
How Obamacare made restricting abortion easier
How Republicans will try to block new tests for fetal disorders
How Rocky made me feel OK about being a Jew in America
How Washington plans to screw military veterans
How are House Republicans like the crew of the Titanic?
How are the rich getting richer? The more they make, the lower income tax rates they pay. Face palm.
How can progressives gain influence? Throw everything we've got behind David Alvarez in San Diego
How can progressives influence presidents
How far would Bank of America go to screw distressed homeowners?
How has your generation voted?
How much does your boss know about your health?
How much would bombing Syria cost? Expect some stupid answers
How one small town is holding its own against big box Black Friday
How one smart reporter debunked the Hannity/Fox News lie machine
How pro-war House Democrats plan to get war authorization past skeptical colleagues
How progressives talk about July 4 and our national history
How serious is GOP about new Voting Rights Act?
How the Congress could take us into government shutdown
How the NSA has secretly made the internet less secure
How the NSA protects us from terrorists and cheating spouses
How to grow old with style
How to play economic bait-ball
How to save the Republican brand
Huh, so it IS a coordinated Wall Street Democrat campaign
Hungry Mungry
Hypocritical insurers accuse hospitals of conflict of interest
I don't know how my friend got shot by the gun I was cleaning while doing bong hits: GunFAIL XLIII
I guess drones aren't all bad
I have a dream that a clean and safe planet will be a civil right
I never thought it would happen to me...
I was Trayvon Martin the day I came to America
I'm a liberal and I love Ted Cruz
I'm an Internet Company, I'm the Government
I'm not lonely anymore
I'm running for my life ... and a few others, as well
IPCC: 'Unequivocal' human-caused global warming on course to raise temperatures above 2°C by 2100
IRS approved twice as many conservative groups as liberal groups for tax-exempt status
IRS investigation scandal broadens
IRS officials threatened with violence again
Idaho GOP mulls plan to have candidates chosen by Central Committee
Idaho tea party candidate wants government out of health care, has 10 kids on Medicaid
If American students' test scores are a wake-up call, what should we wake up and do?
If Democrats back down, it'll be 2010 all over again
If God came back: His message to climate polluters
If John Hernandez isn't stopped, Democrats will forfeit an important House race—again
If Republicans care so much what American people think, let them all vote
If Republicans wait much longer, they might not have a face worth saving
If appalling Hitler comparisons offend you, this billionaire is sorry ... ish
If elections were today, Nancy Pelosi would get her gavel back
If only there were some way for the world's largest food retailer—Walmart—to feed its workers
If our voters turn out, we win
If shutting down the government is not political extremism, what would be?
If the United States wants to pretend to care about use of chemical weapons
If the military fought sexual assault as hard as it fights reform, there wouldn't be a problem
If you are black, get out: The crisis of statelessness in the Dominican Republic
If you believe Chris Christie still has a chance to be president, I've got a (GW) Bridge to sell you
If you oppose interracial marriage, you're likely a conservative
If you want Dems to capitulate to GOP, then you want Cuomo in 2016
If your day is too hectic and you want to ask everyone when they plan to go home: something soothing
Ikea produces enough clean energy to match a third of its global energy use
Illinois GOP official resigns after racist, sexist screed against Republican candidate
Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn's re-election chances look meager, according to PPP's new poll
Illinois Republican Bruce Rauner: I'm the '.01 percent,' and I'm awesome
Illinois Republican compares Duck Dynasty guy to Rosa Parks. No, really.
Illinois Republican says God makes tornadoes to punish gay people
Illinois bishop to hold prayers of 'supplication and exorcism' against 'evil' marriage equality
Illinois fails to make it 13 for marriage equality
Illinois makes it 16: Quinn signs marriage equality law
Immigration reform cuts deficits—a lot
Immigration reform moving to the full Senate
Immigration reform would create thousands of jobs in every congressional district
Immigration reform, Part 9,271
Immigration reform: Sundering GOP, proving they can't govern
Imposing more sanctions on Iran would not just trash nuclear talks, it would hurt Iranian reformers
In Berlin, President Obama calls for one-third reduction in U.S.-Russian strategic nuclear arsenals
In Colorado and elsewhere, sheriffs refuse to enforce new gun laws. The state can't make them
In Kentucky, just don't call it Obamacare
In Mary Burke, Democrats finally land a candidate to challenge Scott Walker
In Missouri, Gov. Jay Nixon wins tax fight
In a letter to President Obama, environmental groups warn against approving the Keystone XL pipeline
In a shocker, Arkansas Republican Tim Griffin will retire at the end of this term
In a wave of retirements, a lesson: Not all open seats are created equal
In big surprise, government reports economy added 204,000 jobs in October. Unemployment rate at 7.3%
In bitter earnest
In case you were wondering why John McCain is the most unpopular Senator in the country ...
In defense of Ted Cruz. Sort of.
In her first post-confirmation speech, EPA's McCarthy calls climate change an 'economic issue'
In hypothetical 2016 matchups, Clinton leads against all Republicans
In last debate, Gomez fails to answer key questions
In other news, it's quite clear where Sen. Ted Cruz got his crazy from
In pouting op-ed, Eric Cantor complains the mean black man is not giving Republicans enough respect
In response to Rob Portman, Ohio anti-abortion group adds anti-gay rhetoric to mission statement
In the 'biggest test' of Obama's presidency, partisan sniping comes easier than solutions
In the end, Ted Cruz was a wimp
In the footsteps of Cézanne (A photo blog)
In wake of latest mass shooting, senators call for an investigation ... but not about guns
In which Obama faked a woman's faint to distract America from Obamacare
In zeal to repeal Obamacare, GOP leaves health care behind
Inclusiveness, CPAC style: Gay Republicans get permission to attend
Income inequality in six panels
Indiana House Speaker launches power play to advance ban on marriage equality and civil unions
Indiana Republican lawmaker considering extreme measures to fight equality
Indiana marriage equality ban won't be on 2014 ballot
Indiana marriage equality fight takes encouraging turn, but it isn't over
Indicators of the real economy
Inept Congress To Debate Bad Idea
Initial applications for jobless compensation seem to be on a new plateau. But what does it mean?
Initial claims for jobless pay fall to 336,000. Millions set to lose benefits unless Congress acts
Initial claims for unemployment compensation fall to 346,000
Initial claims for unemployment compensation fall to pre-Great Recession levels for first time
Initial claims for unemployment compensation rise to 354,000
Initial claims for unemployment compensation rise to two-month high
Initial claims for unemployment compensation soar way above year's average for second week in a row
Initial unemployment claims continue post-shutdown drop to 340,000
Initial unemployment compensation claims return to lower level
Inquiring minds want to know: Are Republicans 'insufficiently conservative' or just plain nuts?
Inside Virginia's fake 'crisis pregnancy centers,' the state pays people to lie to you
Inside the GOP civil war: Losing control to their 'idiots'
Inside the mind of Obamacare voters, for and against
Inspector General's report on Keystone XL contractor gives thumbs-up to business as usual
Inspiring images as fast food workers take their fight to the streets
Insurers say cost hikes in insurance premiums due to routine factors, not Obamacare
Insurers seek way around still-broken HealthCare.gov
Insurers widen profits by narrowing choice of doctors
Intelligence 'black budget' summary leaked, detailing spying successes and failures
Intelligence officials contradict White House on foreign leader spying story
International leaders demand answers about NSA spying
Invoking the well-being of the dinosaurs, Utah legislator says doubling CO2 levels wouldn't hurt
Iowa GOP bill lets women sue doctors over 'abortion regret'
Iowa Republican county chair quits, citing 'hateful' Steve King, other party stances
Iowa Republican pledges to share good news of Jesus Christ with Chuck Schumer if elected to Senate
Iowa Republicans give Christie worst net favorable rating in 2016 field
Iowa's GOP governor fights back against tea party by welcoming Ted Cruz to state party fundraiser
Iowa's Medicaid expansion waiver request approved by feds
Iran, U.S. to begin talks on Tehran's nuclear program October 15
Irony alert: Cuccinelli calls for transparency while scrubbing right-wing social agenda from website
Irony alert: GOP intends to run against Democrats' Obamacare lies
Irrelevant Crap: At what point does a work of art become 'tainted' by the infamy of its artist?
Irrelevant Crap: Cynicism and pop culture depictions of government
Irrelevant Crap: Girls
Irrelevant Crap: Scandal
Irrelevant Crap: Social etiquette
Irrelevant Crap: The Best And Worst Of 2013
Irrelevant Crap: The Good Wife
Irrelevant Crap: The Grammys and the argument of relevance
Irrelevant Crap: The Walking Dead
Irrelevant Crap: The sliding scale between diverse representation and token characters
Irrelevant Crap: True Detective
Irrelevant Crap: What are the best and worst love stories?
Is 'The Secret Life of Williard Mitt' coming to a screen near you?
Is 'architect of the Iraq war' GOP primary gold? John Bolton is betting it is
Is Hillary Clinton the president we need at this time?
Is James Madison’s 'Federalist 10' also responsible for America’s divide?
Is Thanksgiving and Black Friday shopping really all it's cracked up to be?
Is infant mortality higher under Republican presidents?
Is that a bug in your sandwich or a Republican shutdown? It's both!
Is the shutdown endangering coal miners' lives?
Is this really about 'punishing' Assad, or is it about feeling good about ourselves?
Is your CEO-employee worth it?
Issa (not) outraged by new evidence that IRS scrutinized Democratic groups
Issa continues playing games with leaks of cherry-picked IRS interview excerpts
Issa patiently explains to recalcitrant Democrat why cherry-picking is better than full disclosure
Issa will leave no stone left unturned in Benghazi, except for maybe a couple
Issa, Rove, Christie and tales of GOP U.S. Attorneys
Issa-led field hearings reveal GOP still wants to repeal Obamacare
Issa: 'You need to watch more Fox'
It begins: Which sworn enemy will you sit with during the State of the Union?
It depends on the definition of 'collect'
It turns out that there is such a thing as a stupid question
It's a banner day for Senate Republican obstruction
It's ba-ack! CPAC 2014
It's fun to accidentally discharge your handgun at the Y-M-C-A! GunFAIL LIX
It's going to be a really long year of political ads
It's immigration day in the GOP, and it's outright civil war
It's my birthday
It's not 47% anymore
It's not easy being a carpetbagger
It's not personal, it's just business
It's not that Paul Ryan wants the poor to starve ... (but the soup kitchen is thataway)
It's not what we believe, it's that more people need to support us
It's now Democrats' turn to be pissed
It's odd how managing the menfolk's sexytimes never turns into a movement
It's official: Chris Christie lawyers exonerate Chris Christie
It's official: Janet Yellen will be nominated for the chairpersonship of the Federal Reserve Board
It's our final push to oust a Lieberdem in Virginia
It's the unemployment, stupid
It's time to consider the possibility that Fox & Friends is an intentional comedy show
J. Edgar Hoover's authorized assaults on Martin Luther King Jr. should never be forgotten
JFK: 'The notion that this Nation is headed for defeat through deficit' is 'just plain nonsense'
Jack Lew gives simple answer to GOP hostage demands: 'No'
Jacksonville school STILL named after KKK founder
Janet Napolitano to leave cabinet to lead University of California
Janet Yellen takes the helm at the Fed
Jay-Z/Barney's
Jeb Bush convinces his mom to stop telling people he shouldn't be president
Jeb Bush praises immigrants for being 'more fertile' than native-born Americans
Jeb Bush: Lawsuit to stop Louisiana schools segregation is 'purely political'
Jeb laughs off 'totally liberated' mother's remark about too many Bushes
Jeff Merkley helps kick off Oregon marriage equality campaign
Jennifer Wexton's right-to-choose ad drives Virginia GOP to deeper craziness
Jersey City will get paid sick leave; what will Cory Booker do in Newark?
Jesus Rebranded
Jim DeMint becomes pro-choice!
Jim DeMint ducks a challenge to debate the minimum wage
Jim DeMint finally reveals the GOP's plan to replace Obamacare
Jim DeMint ready to rumble in the primaries over Obamacare shutdown
Jim DeMint's desperate bid to keep Obamacare defunding alive
Jim DeMint, call your shrink
Jim Matheson retirement in Utah means a likely Democratic loss next year
Jindal: Who will think of the disabled? Apparently, not him
Job advice with Rand Paul
Job seekers beware of the fake job postings
Jobless aid to get yet another Senate vote as House continues to balk
Jobs program reduces crime, university study shockingly concludes
Jobs? Pfft. House Republicans demonstrate real priority: abortion
Joe 'I'm not going to become a lobbyist' Lieberman becomes a lobbyist
Joe Biden calls House GOP the 'Neanderthal crowd' for trying to block Violence Against Women Act
Joe Manchin to challenge NRA in ad
John Boehner can thank God for his job. Literally.
John Boehner could pass a clean funding bill tomorrow. Will he?
John Boehner doesn't have anyone to blame but himself
John Boehner doesn't have the confidence of the House
John Boehner on clean funding bill: 'That's not going to happen'
John Boehner sees pink elephants and imaginary Americans
John Boehner shocked to find that gambling is going on in here
John Boehner tells a whale of a tale
John Boehner's ready to pop an orange aneurysm over states 'cheating' to preserve food stamps
John Boehner: Hoover Dam couldn't have been built under Obama
John Boehner: Pathological liar, political extortionist, economic terrorist
John Cornyn defends voter disenfranchisement, otherwise Democrats might vote
John Fund says gutting civil rights is a victory for civil rights
John Kerry faces deep bipartisan skepticism and some sneering in House hearing on Iran agreement
John Kerry reassures Congress and/or Assad and/or war opponents with 'unbelievably small' pledge
John Kerry tells students that not even his wife knows his opinion about the Keystone XL pipeline
John Kerry's 'Munich Moment' reveals the weakness of the case for war
John Kerry: 'This is what Assad did to his own people'
John McCain doesn't believe he has the lowest approval rating in the country: 'They like me'
John McCain wants to arm 'them.' So who's 'them'?
John McCain won't run for president again, despite 'spate' of requests for it
John Muir and his beloved Yosemite ... in winter
John Oliver's new show spoofs Republican Hipster Guy
Johnny Privilege
Johns Hopkins study: After Missouri's gun background checks were ditched, more people were murdered
Joint Chiefs of Staff chair: Wars disrupted anti-sexual assault efforts
Jon Stewart explains Hobby Lobby's idiotic anti-Obamacare rationale
Jon Stewart has 3 history professors rip apart Fox's Andrew Napolitano's slavery revisionism
Jon Stewart rips NRA for blocking Obama's surgeon general nominee
Journalism Summer Camp
Journalism, blogging and Ezra Klein
Joy and kisses: The year in marriage equality
Judge Posner concedes that landmark ruling okaying Indiana voter ID law was wrongly decided
Judge allows Alabama man who raped 14-year-old to avoid prison time
Judge allows terminally ill woman to marry before Illinois marriage equality law takes effect
Judge blocks Pennsylvania voter ID enforcement, again
Judge blocks Wisconsin copycat law requiring abortion doctors to have hospital admitting privileges
Judge issues temporary injunction against North Dakota law that would ban abortions after six weeks
Judge orders Kentucky to recognize same-sex marriages now; state asking for delay
Judge refuses government request for staying his order overturning Utah's marriage equality ban
Judge tentatively rejects NFL concussion settlement
Judge's ruling complicates NRA-initiated Colorado recall
July 4th Louis 'Pops' Armstrong birthday celebration
Jurors in Zimmerman trial ask for clarification on manslaughter charge
Jury selection in second-degree murder trial of George Zimmerman begins today
Just 169,000 jobs added in August. June and July revised downward. Unemployment rate at 7.3%
Just another American health care tale
Just hours after the governor signs North Carolina's racist voter law, lawsuits are filed against it
Justice Antonin Scalia muses over whether citizens have Constitutional right to rocket launchers
Justice Antonin Scalia still up for protecting 'the blacks'
Justice Ginsburg officiating at same-sex wedding makes theocrats very sad
Justice in Florida: Marissa Alexander gets a new trial
Juvenile Hall
KFF poll: Most still don't understand Obamacare, but still don't want it repealed
KY-Sen: DeMint goes after McConnell
Kaiser poll: Obamacare holding steady, non-Republicans not obsessed with the law
Kaiser study: 17 million eligible for health insurance tax credits
Kansas House passes sweeping bill allowing anti-gay discrimination in government, businesses
Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts spent less than one third of his copious free time in his home state in 2012
Kansas rep. introduces bill requiring schools to request proof of citizenship for enrolling students
Kansas senator refuses to say how often he's in Kansas
Kansas tightens food stamp eligibility, kicking up to 20,000 off of aid
Kansas, Arizona sue in federal court over 'proof of citizenship' requirement for voting registration
Karl Rove backs Mitch McConnell with Super PAC sock puppet
Karl Rove gets worked up over pro-Obamacare spoof video
Karl Rove reveals the world in which sneaky Obama snookered GOP into shutting down the government
Kasich signs extremist anti-woman Ohio budget
Ken Cuccinelli can't even lead this poll
Ken Cuccinelli refuses to be victimized by women or seniors
Ken Cuccinelli says he can't return improper gifts because he already used them all
Ken Cuccinelli to PPP: La-la-la, we can't hear you!
Ken Cuccinelli tries to dodge scandal, lands in steaming pile of hypocrisy
Ken Cuccinelli uses final day in office to issue anti-gay 'opinion'
Kentuckians hate Obamacare but love it by another name
Kentucky Senate soap opera continues: 'I could see the hurt in his eyes'
Kentucky attorney general says he won't appeal marriage ruling, governor says not so fast
Kentucky governor Beshear challenges McConnell to come back home
Kentucky governor takes on the heartless bastards who would shut down the government over Obamacare
Kentucky showcases Paul Ryan's wrong-way war on poverty
Kentucky's success makes a mockery of GOP Obamacare foes
Kerry appears to open door to 'boots on the ground,' but quickly backtracks
Kerry expected to sharpen criticism of Syrian regime in statement today. Intervention seems likely
Kerry praises early work destroying Syria's chemical arms. State Dept. walks it back a bit
Kerry: 'Iran will have to prove that its program is really peaceful'
Kerry: Syria's 'undeniable' use of chemical arms 'defies any code of morality'. No action announced
Keystone Clones
Keystone XL pipeline builder TransCanada upped its lobbying of Congress by 24% in 2013
Keystone XL pipeline raises American gas prices, says new study
Keystone XL truth coming from a billionaire
Killing Trayvon Martin's soul
Kingmaker Rand Paul announces his probable likely decision
Know your caucuses: Breaking down the Amash amendment vote on the NSA
Koch brothers breaking all spending records to defeat Democrat Kay Hagan
Koch brothers pushing another Obamacare 'horror' story that isn't
Koch brothers ready to spend big on Obamacare disinformation
Koch brothers use Republican activists in latest anti-Obamacare ads
Koch brothers vs. the truth on Obamacare: Real benefits for women's health
Koch brothers' Obamacare 'victim' will save $1,200 a year but insists that 'can't be true'
Koch brothers' newest effort: Fight health insurance reform with Hummers, beer pong
Koch, ALEC and giant utility company about to derail Arizona's private solar industry
Koch-a-doodle-do
Koch-a-doodle-do in Colorado recall
Kochs attempts to buy Arkansas failing, so far
Kochs exposed: Reid, Begich continue fight
Kochs flood airwaves, swamp Democrats with anti-Obamacare ads
Kochs still spending big against Obamacare
Kochs take their billions to Louisiana to fight Medicaid expansion
Kudos to Walmart for dropping Paula Deen ... now about all those dead workers ...
Kumbaya on filibuster reform might not extend to Mel Watt
L.A. power
LOL Cruz demands State of the #Benghazi address
LOL Cruz explains why he believes Obamacare can still be repealed
LOL Ted Cruz: 'President Obama and the Democrats shut the government down this fall'
Labor Department gives same-sex married couples new rights on job benefits
Labor board charging Walmart with illegal threats and firings of worker activists
Labor group asks bishop to talk gay rights in the wake of teacher's firing
Labor secretary: Why can't McDonald's pay what In-N-Out does?
Laid off workers will have alternative to expensive COBRA coverage
Lamar Alexander on how to be a Republican senator
Landrieu, Democrats see opportunity in Medicaid expansion
Largest Spanish-language newspaper in Massachusetts endorses Markey
Last gasp legal challenge to Obamacare rejected
Last stop—Fruitvale Station
Latest whip count on Syria shows nays gaining
Latino Decisions poll: Latinos oppose immigration reform without a path to citizenship
Latino enrollment in Covered California ticking up
Latino organizations worry about funding for Obamacare outreach efforts
Lawmakers are super convincing about their intent to secretly debate NSA spying on Americans
Lawmakers frantic to save nonstop flights to their districts
Lawmakers say Obama asks for delay on Syria vote, citing hope for diplomacy
Lawmakers try to figure out how to end sequestration
Lawyer accuses Rand Paul of plagiarizing lawsuit against NSA. No, really.
Leadership poll: Barack Obama
Leadership poll: Harry Reid
Leadership poll: Nancy Pelosi
Leading Democrats on board to impose new sanctions on Iran. White House seeks to deter them
Leading New Jersey paper calls for investigation of yet another potential Christie scandal
Leahy schedules Judiciary hearing to update Voting Rights Act in wake of Supremes' dreadful ruling
Leahy: Changes could be coming to Judiciary Committee
Leahy: Nuclear option could be 'back on the table' with judicial filibuster
Leaked NSA audit details thousands of annual privacy violations
Leaked documents show how Walmart trains managers to squash worker organizing
Legal horseplay
Lessons from Rand Paul: 'Misinformation can be very important'
Let the filibuster reform pearl-clutching commence
Let's compare 'unreasonable' demands for ending Republican shutdown of government
Let's have a Thankgiving pie fight
Let's learn a few things about Sen. James Inhofe
Let's not let government shutdown talk push sequester pain into the memory hole
Let's quit pretending men aren't responsible for their weddings, too
Levin plans 60-vote hurdle for military sexual assault bill he already tried to kill once
Lewis Black messes with Texas
Li'l NSA Spy Kit
Liberal Obama enabler Mitch McConnell forced same-sex marriage down our throats ...
Liberalism, the surveillance state, the Living Constitution and balance
Libertarian populism and the battle for the Perot vote
Limbaugh, O'Reilly costing Republicans elections
Limbaugh: 'Polar vortex' phrase created just 'for this week'
Lindsey Graham admits Republicans were wrong to block Richard Cordray
Lindsey Graham announces upcoming hissy fits over Benghazi
Lindsey Graham goes tea party, joins David Vitter in monkey-wrenching, screwing staff
Lindsey Graham has an idea to share ...
Lindsey Graham has spoken, and he says Benghazi will haunt Dems in 2014
Lindsey Graham inherits Marco Rubio's unwanted abortion ban bill
Lindsey Graham says not bombing Syria will cause Iran-Israel war 'within six months'
Lindsey Graham steals a page from Ted Cruz's playbook
Lindsey Graham's Benghazi hissy fit isn't over, he declares
Lindsey Graham, the 'death spiral' and the Republican Party
Lindsey Graham: Government shutdown? Hahahaha
Little Suzie Newsykins remembers to forget
Living in a red state is hazardous to your health
Liz Cheney already running afoul of Wyoming laws. Yep, she's a Cheney.
Liz Cheney calls John McCain a 'liberal Republican' in fundraising push
Liz Cheney compares self to Winston Churchill standing up to Hitler
Liz Cheney drops out of Wyoming Senate race
Liz Cheney explains why she's running for Senate ...
Liz Cheney lied ... surprising no one
Liz Cheney posts bond in Wyoming's ongoing Fishgate scandal
Liz Cheney to anti-apartheid protesters in 1988: 'Nobody's listening'
Liz Cheney very upset the 'radical' Obama won't let insurance companies scam customers, or something
Liz Cheney's famous dad un-friends Sen. Mike Enzi
Liz Cheney's neoconservative Keep America Safe group tries to wipe its existence from the web
Local GOP lines up to defend Steve King
Local living wage laws are in Republican crosshairs in Wisconsin
Looking to 2014: The emerging movement for the next New Deal
Looks like Mitch McConnell is about to get a tea party challenger
Louie Gohmert discusses his sexual orientation ... at work!
Louie Gohmert fights for amendment restricting military response to proselytizing, other behaviors
Louie Gohmert says government 'lures' poor women into high life of single motherhood
Louie Gohmert, America's dumbest congressman, gives a speech
Louie Gohmert: How could you say I want to starve poor children when they're all so fat anyway?
Louisiana House committee keeps unconstitutional creationism law on the books
Louisiana Republican runs to left on Obamacare, wins congressional runoff
Louisiana Republican supports Obamacare Medicaid expansion, wins House seat carried by Romney
Louisiana Senate candidate thinks some people are too 'unsophisticated' for good health care
Louisiana backs off on 30-day wait for abortion, but rules for new clinics may still be imposed
Louisiana chemical plant explosion kills one, injures dozens more
Louisiana council chair on defunding libraries: 'They're teaching Mexicans how to speak English'
Louisiana legislator (and the governor) seek an abortion database
Louisiana's 'Cancer Alley' may need a new nickname after two fatal blasts
Low pay and rising inequality put more working-age adults on food stamps
Low-wage food service workers get a union at two Smithsonian museums
Low-wage workers stage second one-day strike against wage theft by federal contractors
Low-wage workers strike ... at the Pentagon
Lowe's knows... I have a gun, because I just shot myself with it in their parking lot: GunFAIL XLVII
Lower corporate taxes don't mean more jobs
MUST-SEE: Jon Stewart BLASTS Fox News for attacking food stamp recipients
MUST-SEE: Jon Stewart HAMMERS Fox News for attacking food stamp recipients
MUST-SEE: Jon Stewart blasts conservatives for praising Putin while bashing Obama
MUST-SEE: Jon Stewart shames Senate Republicans for blocking veterans benefits
Ma'am, I'm from VIPR and you'll have to remove those spurs and show me what's under your chaps
Macca's Meatless Monday: Everybody out there can make a difference
Macca's Meatless Monday: Flour to the people
Macca's Meatless Monday: Gimme some inconvenient truth
Macca's Meatless Monday: Holiday help from me to you
Macca's Meatless Monday: I went into a MLK dream
Macca's Meatless Monday: I'm shutdown
Macca's Meatless Monday: It's easy being part of solution to climate change
Macca's Meatless Monday: It's our 5th birthday party!
Macca's Meatless Monday: It's so easy to be part of the solution to climate change
Macca's Meatless Monday: Let it be leftovers
Macca's Meatless Monday: M.I.T. goes meatless; thank you guys!
Macca's Meatless Monday: Mitigation and adaptation to climate change begins at home
Macca's Meatless Monday: New Years resolution becomes solution to climate change
Macca's Meatless Monday: No turkey
Macca's Meatless Monday: One thing I can tell you is that there is a fast solution to climate change
Macca's Meatless Monday: Only you can make this change
Macca's Meatless Monday: Our actions can save us from the worst effects of climate change
Macca's Meatless Monday: Slow boat to China
Macca's Meatless Monday: Starting the New Year becoming the change you wish to see
Macca's Meatless Monday: Take me to your daddy's farmers market
Macca's Meatless Monday: There should be a revolution at the COP19 climate talks
Macca's Meatless Monday: We can do what we want; we can stop the worst effects of climate change
Macca's Meatless Monday: We can slow down or eliminate the worst effects of climate change
Macca's Meatless Monday:You say tomato, I say tomatoe
Mad Men: A Tale of Two Cities (6.10)
Mad Men: Favors (6.11)
Mad Men: The Quality of Mercy (6.12)
Maine Gov. LePage channels Mitt Romney with a new lie about the 47%
Maine Republican explains why women don't understand health care debate
Maine candidate for governor: Yes, I am gay. 'But why should it matter?'
Maine governor pressured unemployment officers to favor employers, federal review says
Maine inching closer to expanding Medicaid
Maine lawmaker to would-be Medicaid recipients: Get a job
Maine's Republican Gov. Paul LePage says climate change may help Maine. Rep. Mike Michaud rolls eyes
Majorities in both House and Senate have yet to announce Syria position
Make 2014 a referendum on Republican radicalism
Makers versus takers, we must get the narrative right
Making Twitter profitable
Making people suffer is bad, whether in shutdown or via entitlement 'cuts'
Making the best of a bad course of action in Syria
Manchin stands up to NRA in new ad
Manning Outrage
Manufactured stories about the Clintons: Here we go again
Mapping and analyzing the Virginia 2013 statewide elections by county
Marching forward together: From Selma to Raleigh
Marco Rubio apparently choking on sponsorship of abortion ban
Marco Rubio apparently distraught by Obama apology to art history professor
Marco Rubio chokes back pre-election prediction about Virginia
Marco Rubio chokes in new poll
Marco Rubio deploys the 'O'-word
Marco Rubio egging on Reid to go nuclear
Marco Rubio responds to presidential praise by saying Obama's speech 'undermines the republic'
Marco Rubio silent on immigration
Marco Rubio stakes out unequivocally equivocal position on sponsoring abortion ban legislation
Marco Rubio still obstructing, refusing to cooperate on judicial nominations
Marco Rubio takes exceptionally bold stand against Vladimir Putin
Marco Rubio threatens to walk away from his own immigration bill
Marco Rubio to Ted Cruz: How high?
Marco Rubio to reassure Republicans that he's still one of them by proposing abortion ban next week
Marco Rubio wants to ditch his own immigration bill
Marco Rubio's shiny new Obamacare lie
Marco Rubio's shocking clairvoyance
Marco Rubio, Obamacare repeal fan, says he's just looking out for the poor uninsured people
Marco Rubio, government shutdown or bust
Mark Pryor launches his 2014 campaign by touting opposition to background checks his state supports
Mark Sanford to Appalachia: Take a hike!
Markey ad hits Gomez in lead-up to Tuesday debate
Marriage equality campaign launches in Wyoming
Marriage equality comes to Chicago's Cook County ahead of schedule
Marriage equality could force Hawaii churches to choose between bigotry and cold, hard cash
Marriage equality foes think America is on their side. It's not.
Marriage equality is coming to the military
Marriage equality passes Illinois House
Marriage equality qualifies for Oregon 2014 ballot
Marriage equality states could prove to be magnets for gay Americans and thus help their economies
Marriage equality: New Mexico joins the 21st century
Marriage equality: Will Illinois make it 13?
Married? IRS says you can now file your taxes as a couple no matter who your spouse is
Maryland Gov. O'Malley lays out stellar climate change plan
Maryland police chief falls for fake marijuana story
Massachusetts becomes the latest state to piss off John Boehner by blocking food stamp cuts
Massachusetts emergency room visits fell after health care reform
Massachusetts, help elect Ed Markey as your new senator
Maybe all congresspeople should have heart bypass surgery
Mayor makes Walmart happy by vetoing Washington, D.C., large retailer living wage bill
McAuliffe proposes two-year Medicaid expansion pilot program
McBudget advice for fast-food employees
McCain blames Obama for Iraq
McCain blocks Joint Chiefs Chairman over personal vendetta
McCain returns fire on Cruz
McCain unsure whether he met with rebel kidnapper during Syria trip
McCain's big idea for a filibuster deal: Let the GOP pick the nominees
McCain, Kerry cite WSJ op-ed written by advocate for Syrian rebels
McCain: Obama's 1983 college essay on US-Soviet tensions proves he's to blame for Putin and Ukraine
McCain: Syria vote failure would be 'catastrophic,' but might vote against it
McClatchy shreds the tattered remains of 60 Minutes Benghazi report
McConnell ad celebrates ... Duke
McConnell attacks Alison Lundergan Grimes for announcing Senate bid in room without air conditioning
McConnell boldly refuses to take stance on government shutdown
McConnell campaign manager mum on role in alleged Ron Paul payola scheme
McConnell campaign manager on working for Mitch: 'I'm sorta holding my nose for two years'
McConnell campaign releases web video of their candidate doing nothing but looking creepy
McConnell campaign unloads on Bevin after conservative group says Mitch is too liberal
McConnell challenger: Put up or shut up on Obamacare
McConnell fundraiser: Wives owe their husbands sex even if they're not in the mood
McConnell humiliated by Harry Reid ... and his own senators
McConnell lies to his caucus, Corker calls 'bullshit'
McConnell primary challenger on raising Social Security retirement age: 'We have to start now'
McConnell promises to end filibuster if made majority leader
McConnell proves exactly why the filibuster needs to end
McConnell radio ad goes after GOP primary challenger
McConnell stuck in primary gear
McConnell successfully derails transportation bill
McConnell takes the fifth on Obamacare shutdown threat
McConnell ties Obama's approval rating. In Kentucky.
McConnell tries for Obamacare compromise, delay
McConnell unleashes torrent of lies in response to Reid's nuclear threat
McConnell's new ad is an admission that he's got an Obamacare problem
McConnell, one week after barring reporter from event: First Amendment 'under coordinated assault'
McConnell, other coal company puppets, seek pre-emptive squelching of EPA's power plant rule
McConnell: For going nuclear before he was against it
McConnell: Give Republicans the Senate and we might reverse Reid's 'outrageous power grab'
McDonald's and 7-Eleven franchise owners push the exploitation envelope
McDonald's offers its low-wage workers advice on how much to tip their pool cleaners
McDonald's offers worker a budget solution: Apply for food stamps
McDonald's offers workers a budget solution: Get a second job
McDonald's tips to workers: Don't complain, get 'some quick cash' by selling your stuff on eBay
McDonald's wage theft is a feature of, not a bug in, the cutthroat, low-wage fast-food industry
McDonald's worker: Manager told me to 'put a bullet in my head'
McDonald's workers file suits over wage theft in three states
McDonnells plead not guilty on corruption, trial date set for July
Meals on Wheels wait lists grow as sequester cuts millions of meals
Meanwhile, Medicaid enrollments continue to boom
Meanwhile, in the rest of the world
Meanwhile, the government shuts down in four days
Media 'neutrality' lets Republican lies thrive in food stamp vote coverage
Media chooses paranoia over substance in reporting proposed Pentagon troop reductions. Again.
Media parrot GOP Katrina talking point, ignore Bush Medicare drug debacle
Median wage for U.S. workers is nearly $1,000 less than in 2007 when the Great Recession began
Medicaid coverage gap will deepen disparities in health
Medicaid enrollments surging under Obamacare, and that's a good thing
Medicaid expansion brings not just medication but peace of mind
Medicaid gap in red states could seriously wound Obamacare
Medicaid refusal isn't just a health care issue, it's a political issue
Medicaid, CHIP enrollments surge under Obamacare
Medical examiner says George Zimmerman's injuries 'insignificant'
Medicare chief: Medicare outlook improves, Obamacare the reason
Meet Art Halvorson, part of the ongoing radicalization of the GOP
Meet Carlos Danger
Meet Joe Olivo, GOP poster child for everything
Meet Paul Ryan, champion of the rich and anti-poverty fraud
Meet Reince Priebus, unparalleled genius of political theater
Meet the Republicans who vote against food stamps while getting millions in farm subsidies
Meet the guy House Republicans wanted to 'guide' their oversight of Obamacare
Meet the latest Republican birther twit—I mean, candidate
Meet the likely winner of the race to be the next Darrell Issa
Meet the real death panelists
Meet your health insurance exchange!
Megyn Kelly devotes quarter hour to discussing Megyn Kelly's thoughts on Jesus, Santa
Mel Watt faces filibuster, Senate faces nuclear option
Memo to media: Employers have been slashing insurance, shifting costs for years
Men dominate House anti-abortion law hearing
Men who like to talk Cocteau won't buy the cow if the milk is free, and other advice from the WSJ
Merkley co-sponsors Landrieu bill to allow consumers to keep health plans
Miami Heat players avoid tragedy in championship parade
Michael Dunn and a post-racial America
Michael Mann: 'The most aggressive and promising climate plan' from 'executive branch in years'
Michaud surges ahead of LePage in Maine governor's race
Michele Bachmann and Bernie Sanders spar on income inequality clash on CNN
Michele Bachmann isn't done with politics quite yet
Michele Bachmann says Barack Obama something something Muslim Brotherhood
Michele Bachmann says Jewish Americans 'sold out' Israel
Michele Bachmann tells Bible stories
Michele Bachmann's PAC has sent only $400 to conservative candidate(s) this year
Michele Bachmann, 2012 presidential candidate: People 'aren't ready' for a female candidate in 2016
Michele Bachmann, Sarah Palin and Murphy's Law
Michelle Nunn starts off leading or tied with every Georgia Republican—but with lots of undecideds
Michelle Obama—hugs and haters
Michigan Democrat taking Koch brothers head on over Obamacare
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder freezes when asked about LGBT rights
Michigan Senate candidate embraced Mitt Romney's auto bankruptcy plan
Michigan anti-abortion group stoops to attacking candidate's daughters
Michigan anti-marriage-equality witness says gay people are going to hell
Michigan bans abortion coverage in insurance plans, requires 'riders' for those that want it
Michigan cuts off news for the blind
Michigan doctor arrested for purposely misdiagnosing cancer
Michigan spent $40,000 on 'fringe' anti-marriage-equality witnesses
Michigan won't recognize same-sex marriages while marriage equality ruling is stayed
Michigan's John Dingell now the longest-serving member of either house of Congress ever
Microwave oven efficiency standards under the gun, because of course they are
Midday Open Thread
Midday Open Thread - The War On The Poor
Midday Open thread
Midday open thread
Midday open thread: 'Negro loyalty', Matalin pooh-poohs Russia's anti-LGBT laws, '27 London in color
Midday open thread: 2013—disasters real and imagined, inefficient bulbs to the rubbish bin
Midday open thread: 25% of Americans would buy legal pot, Hallmark edits 'Deck the Halls'
Midday open thread: 48% of Republicans say no to evolution, homeless clean up Fukushima
Midday open thread: ADP says 238,000 new jobs in December, journalists have 8th most stressful job?
Midday open thread: ADP says jobs creation soared, aging columnists, cats know but ignore us
Midday open thread: Anti-vaccinators state by state, robots on Mars, Breitbart goes global, sorta
Midday open thread: Arizona Republicans censure 'liberal' McCain, Iowa Republicans nopologize
Midday open thread: Bernie Kerik wants prison reform, biggest-ever wind turbine begins spinning
Midday open thread: Bill tweet-teases Dubya, U.S. ivory sales banned
Midday open thread: Bitcoin, craft brewing, and humiliating Justice Scalia
Midday open thread: Black rhino trophy hunting, 3D candy printer, Vice President Bob Gates?
Midday open thread: Bombing Laos, McCain (again) flips his lid, exporting greenhouse gas emissions
Midday open thread: Brinicles, birth control and Bonzo
Midday open thread: CO lawmaker leaves gun behind, NH lawmaker wants cops to get vote to buy tanks
Midday open thread: Canada claims the North Pole, Ron says Rand will probably run for president
Midday open thread: Chainsaws, recalls and spanking
Midday open thread: Clearing the shelves, printed houses, pipeline approved (no, not THAT one)
Midday open thread: Climate change sensitivity, NN14 registration, Minnesota militia nut
Midday open thread: Coke to the Vatican, Wolfowitz redux, electric thinking caps
Midday open thread: Congressional junkets soar into record territory, GM's female CEO gets half pay
Midday open thread: Corsi thinks Hitler escaped, Lanza on the radio, WWI battlefield mummies thaw
Midday open thread: DeLay says God wrote the Constitution, Hurricane Carter seeks hearing for inmate
Midday open thread: Defining beliefs, a troubled torch, and a dancing Rob Ford
Midday open thread: Delivery drones, a dramatic derailment, and the election season kicks off
Midday open thread: Democratic flak over some Obama judge nominees, 6 Californias, boring robots
Midday open thread: Did Jesus carry concealed? Students object to dress code, winter rough on bees
Midday open thread: Doctors, equality and gay bars
Midday open thread: EPA rules on sulfur in gasoline, okaying guns in Indiana school parking lots
Midday open thread: Feds lackadaisical about oil-field safety, oldest Holocaust survivor dead at 110
Midday open thread: Flash mob sings for Mandela, CNN boosts climate-change denier liar
Midday open thread: Flesh eating bacteria, Richard Cohen and bullying
Midday open thread: Fowl, hurricanes and pooties
Midday open thread: Gettysburg, boxers, Jesus and gay 'cures'
Midday open thread: Going rogue, going maverick and being a bully
Midday open thread: Goldman-Sachs recruits women with free nail files, millennials unstereotyped
Midday open thread: Google map apology, chemical spill in W.Va., activists beat Radio Disney
Midday open thread: Hacks, Ross Douthat (sorry for the repetition), and Pope Francis on Marxists
Midday open thread: Halloween, Lou Reed and blind squirrels
Midday open thread: Hate groups by geography, HTML as STD, submerged world cultural sites
Midday open thread: Horseplay and soldiers
Midday open thread: Hunger strikes, beheadings and coyotes
Midday open thread: Initial jobless compensation claims match last year's. Got a Democratic name?
Midday open thread: Iraq toll worst in five years, 'Science Guy' to debate at Creation Museum
Midday open thread: Is it Marx or the Pope? Teaching kids women are liars, Bonobos losing habitat
Midday open thread: Jerseys, overdoses and superhero underwear
Midday open thread: Jobless benefit claims fall, ALEC against clean energy, The Guardian targeted
Midday open thread: John Bolton 2016? NYT Mag moons Hillary. Homeless people die in the cold
Midday open thread: Karzai doesn't trust U.S., overweight turkeys, recovery stats
Midday open thread: Karzai makes new demands, NYT climate coverage falls, the pope on 'new tyranny'
Midday open thread: Klansman name knocked off school, Obama library, apocalypse 2014
Midday open thread: Klansman whines, frackers sue, Emily's List passes 3 million-member milestone
Midday open thread: Kochs mess with Electoral College, Zimmerman wants to charity-box
Midday open thread: Living to 100 healthily, radium-dial painter dead at 107, plastic problems
Midday open thread: Liz Cheney will be back, Western reservoirs dry up, Bill Kristol joins ABC
Midday open thread: Lost, vaccinations and orange overlords
Midday open thread: MT Senate candidate says 'coal is dead,' teachers can't afford homes in SF
Midday open thread: Mandela, Cruz, Twitter hall of shame
Midday open thread: McChrystal questions drone policy, Coke ignoring Sochi in its U.S. ads
Midday open thread: Naughty or nice, the die is cast!
Midday open thread: No more American parmesan? 32 abortion bills in Missouri, transit use soars
Midday open thread: No more cigs at CVS, Fluke won't run for Congress, Warner not a '#Belieber'
Midday open thread: Obama the Bush plagiarist? More than a mile high at Denver County Fair
Midday open thread: Occupy builds tiny houses, apology for gay slur, Ted Cruz clones in the running
Midday open thread: Ocean life at risk, wages don't recover, Clinton messages via de Blasio
Midday open thread: Oil train accidents worry insurers, white man's march fails, 'zygote' oppressive
Midday open thread: Oklahoma runs out of execution pharmaceuticals, McDonnell case judge says enough
Midday open thread: On panning the Gettysburg address and Toronto's mayor
Midday open thread: Palin to channel herself on TV, House stenographer says she didn't lose it
Midday open thread: Pastor faces defrocking over marriage ceremony, Murdoch gets unhitched
Midday open thread: Planet Biden, hairy frogfish, and Dale Peterson's successor
Midday open thread: Polar bears starving, government investment falling, independents rising
Midday open thread: Portland weather curbs 'worst day' ride, 'missing workers' skew jobless rate
Midday open thread: Pot editor at Denver Post, missile launch codes, less sex, more guns
Midday open thread: Previews, cats and protests
Midday open thread: Prostitution, rape and get out and vote
Midday open thread: Pundits' attack on Obamacare continue
Midday open thread: Ranks of millionaires rise, Virginia Klan buffs its image, body ink soars
Midday open thread: Recaps, art from GWB and Reagan
Midday open thread: Recaps, museums and more
Midday open thread: Reubin Askew dies, Georgia lawmakers could make guns in airports legal
Midday open thread: Robots coming to take your job, Animal Planet abuses animals to entertain
Midday open thread: Rodman apologizes, gamers hallucinate, Reddit branding sells guns
Midday open thread: Ryan lectures the pope, climate denialism, and the site of the Obama library
Midday open thread: Scott Brown severs ties with Newsmax, billionaire funds rescue of Sochi's strays
Midday open thread: Seeger and the blacklist, bellyachin' billionaires, improving GDP
Midday open thread: Snow day closings don't hurt students' progress, puppy saving in Sochi
Midday open thread: Sochi heats up, Alabama justice wants national ban on marriage equality
Midday open thread: Solution to bike accidents? No bikes. THEY are coming for your children
Midday open thread: Some stats to share with racists, Scott Brown ends contract with Fox (... er no)
Midday open thread: Spitzers split, on the verge of peak oil, judge still says no prison for rapist
Midday open thread: Squirrels, rhinos and a jackass
Midday open thread: Star Ledger regrets Christie endorsement, Fox wonders why LEGO hates America
Midday open thread: Sunday shows love Republicans, Asimov's conservative predictions for 2014
Midday open thread: Supremes say they won't review 'boobie' bracelet case, a state bank for Vermont?
Midday open thread: Tagg Romney on Crist's betrayal, divorce rates in red and blue states
Midday open thread: Taibbi on GOP keeping fools off the ballot, Bilbo Baggins as girl hero
Midday open thread: Texas finds execution drug supplier, anti-social network helps you avoid people
Midday open thread: The War on Men, a love child and kudos to Sonic
Midday open thread: Time spotlights Pope Francis, Uruguay legalizes pot, bad jobs replace good ones
Midday open thread: Tiny house dwellers need community, lesbian demands to be stoned
Midday open thread: Trade deal could sacrifice environment, Gohmert discusses human plumbing
Midday open thread: Turkey news and death threats
Midday open thread: Volodymyr Parasiuk, 'wetbacks' and a canoe
Midday open thread: We'll be live-blogging today's elections. Ted Nugent for president?
Midday open thread: Where veterans live and some struggles they face
Midday open thread: Widow dunned for husband's overpaid pension, Ed Schultz changes mind on pipeline
Midday open thread: economy's improvements miss millions, GOP recasts narrative, Detroit bank deal
Midday open thread: infrastructure banks, pot, and a polar vortex
Midday open thread: rayguns coming, death penalty support falls, 'War of the Worlds' caused no panic
Midday open thread: the House on Iran, 'a little convenient massacre,' 'Cured' HIV patients relapse
Middle-man besieged!
Mike Huckabee blames reaction to his 'Uncle Sugar' remarks on the media
Mike Huckabee gets spanked by Reince Priebus for his 'libido' comments
Mike Huckabee hearts God and Vladimir Putin
Mike Huckabee says abortion will lead to euthanizing old folks to keep the bills down
Mike Huckabee used to be a contraception coverage 'Uncle Sugar'
Mike Huckabee woos the womenfolks
Mike Huckabee's nightmare
Mike Huckabee, self-described prophetic genius, sees 'a real opportunity for me' in 2016
Mike Huckabee: Democrats think women 'cannot control their libido'
Mike Lee confronted with government shutdown reality, still dreams big
Mike Lee takes up Ted Cruz's mini budget scheme
Military Justice Improvement Act gains momentum in the Senate as poll shows public support
Military food stamp use rose in 2013
Military leaders resist pressure for real change on sexual assault
Military sexual assault victim: 'The humiliation of the retaliation was worse than the assault'
Millennial generation is cause for liberal optimism
Millions of 'missing workers' continue to make the monthly jobs reports look better than they are
Millions of minimum wage workers are getting a raise—no thanks to Congress
Millions to go uninsured ... to spite Obama?
Minimum wage hike would cut food stamp costs beyond Republicans' dreams
Minimum wage votes helped Democrats in 2006. Will 2014 be a repeat?
Missing congressman briefly surfaces, but the mystery continues
Mission creep. Already.
Mississippi Nissan workers get support from Common, Diddy, and Danny Glover
Mississippi Republicans: Sequestration for thee, but not me
Mississippi joining the Republican fad for pointless drug testing of welfare applicants
Mississippi makes the case for boosting IRS budget
Missouri Senate prepares way for 'nullification' gun bill. Again.
Missouri attorney general demands executions be scheduled before their execution drug expires
Missouri bill 'nullifying' federal gun laws makes it through another hurdle
Missouri lawmaker introduces bill allowing familes to 'opt out' of learning evolution
Missouri legislator wants to opt out of contraception in state health care plan
Missouri state fair sends out rodeo clown in Obama mask, saying 'We're going to stomp Obama now'
Missouri tries to nullify federal health care and gun laws
Mistakes were made
Mitch Doesn't Care: McConnell wants to repeal health insurance for 92,000 Kentuckians and counting
Mitch McConnell calls Voting Rights Act a relic of the past
Mitch McConnell campaign bans reporter from their events. It isn't going well.
Mitch McConnell claims administration plot to silence conservative critics
Mitch McConnell explains to CPAC audience that he's a badass outlaw
Mitch McConnell guarantees no more shutdowns because ... uh ... it makes donors really mad?
Mitch McConnell primary challenger Matt Bevin makes it official
Mitch McConnell reaches new levels of being Mitch McConnell
Mitch McConnell running on screwing a quarter-million Kentuckians
Mitch McConnell to McCain and Schumer: 'When are you all getting married?'
Mitch McConnell unites tea party and Democrats at Fancy Farm
Mitch McConnell's Kentucky seat in serious danger of going blue
Mitch McConnell's favorite new game: 'You know what stinks more than me?'
Mitch McConnell's hypocrisy exposes the GOP's true agenda on filibuster
Mitch McConnell: Deal maker?
Mitt Romney blames his 2012 defeat on having a cash-strapped campaign. Contain your laughter.
Mitt Romney has daddy issues
Mitt Romney is still Mitt Romney
Mitt Romney on his 47 percent comment: 'Actually, I didn't say that'
Mitt Romney voted against himself because he's a great American patriot
Mitt Romney's best decision of 2012: Passing on Pufferfish Christie
Mitt stages his comeback. Well, his half-comeback. His halfback?
Mitt thinks Americans have 'lost the confidence they had' in President Obama
Mixed reaction from states on administration's fix for cancelled health policies
Modern GOP too mean and nasty for even Trent F'n Lott
Money laundering, Koch style
Money, not ideology, will determine if young people enroll in Obamacare
Monkey court
Montana Republicans start statewide effort to end dark money in campaigns
Montana becomes fifth state to block food stamp cuts
Montana first in nation to protect metadata privacy
Montana governor names Lt. Gov. John Walsh to succeed Max Baucus in the Senate
Moral scold Mike Huckabee defends Rand Paul's plagiarism
More Christie lane closure docs released
More NSA program revelations: Program much deeper, more intrusive than previously known
More Obamacare games from floundering House GOP leadership
More Republicans support confederate flags than rainbow flags
More anti-abortion wisdom from Texas: Only 'accurate' intercourse causes pregnancy
More evidence House Republicans are the dumbest political creatures on Earth
More fighters against the Roberts Five
More good news for the GOP: Americans increasingly say they feel the pain from sequester
More on Colorado recalls and voter turnout
More on conservative whiners ...
More smoke bellows from the remains of Planet Christie
More speculation than specifics as U.S. plans increased intervention in Syria
More students taking on more student loan debt, Department of Ed reports
More than 200 reasons Republicans might want to rethink that whole food stamp moocher thing
More than two dozen House Democrats doing SNAP challenge to protest Republican cuts
More than two million Americans on verge of screw job because unemployment aid not in budget deal
More uninsured plan to get insurance through the health exchanges
More white people died than were born, GOP policies whittling them down
More women in the Senate equals more pressure on the military to fix its sexual assault problem
Morning Joe hosts repeat conservative smear about Obama supporting 'stand your ground' in Illinois
Moron Rep. Gary Miller was apparently an immigrant too. From Arkansas
Morse allies call for criminal investigation in NRA's Colorado recall
Most National Guardsmen will go without pay during Republican shutdown
Most adults would likely fail this 1912 8th grade test—try it
Most of 109 new gun laws enacted since last year's Newtown massacre have loosened restrictions
Most of you have no idea what Martin Luther King actually did
Most people are better and more inclusive than we believe
MoveOn releases 12 more polls of House Republicans, showing half tied or trailing generic opponents
MoveOn releases another 25 House polls from PPP, but do they predict Republican doom?
Mr. Boehner, we triple-dog dare you
Mr. Turtle Saves The Senate
Mr. and Mrs. Perkins go gift shopping 2013
Murray, Ryan announce budget deal
Murray-Ryan budget deal beats back filibuster in Senate
Musician Jack White saves Detroit landmark
Must see video: How can it be so cold if there's global warming?
Must watch: Philippines speech brings COP19 climate talks plenary to tears
My 60 Minutes Australia interview about Newtown
My Happy Holidays family photo shoot
My achilles is my achilles
My insurance got religion
Myrtilla Miner: Teaching 'colored girls' to teach
N-word
NAFTA is making Mexico sick
NASA finds spikes of methane & CO2 above Arctic
NASA: 2013 continued 'long-term trend of rising global temperatures'
NBC affiliate in D.C. refuses to run anti-Keystone XL ad. Watch it here
NBC/Marist poll: McAuliffe up 8 in Virginia governor's race while Cuccinelli flails on abortion
NC jobless losing federal compensation Sunday: 'They are really putting the gun to your head now.'
NC officials have fought coal-ash clean-ups that would have prevented Duke Energy's monster spill
NFL draft prospect Michael Sam: 'I am an openly, proud gay man'
NRA (probably) gets their signatures, will get chance to recall Colorado Dem
NRA directly engages in Colorado, time to match them
NRA legislator thinks it was totally awesome that Aurora murderer had 100-round magazine
NRA takes aim ... at Joe Manchin
NRA's Colorado recall effort is full-speed ahead
NRCC will offer refunds on donations through misleading websites
NRSC peddles 'Obama closing Vatican embassy' conspiracy; Jeb Bush buys it
NSA Spying Keeps Fear Fresh
NSA also scooping up your internet activity
NSA and CIA infiltrating online gaming worlds
NSA bugged UN headquarters, European Union, and UN nuclear watchdog organization
NSA collecting 5 billion cell phone locations a day
NSA leaker comes forward
NSA leaker reveals dirty secret of intelligence contracting
NSA news: More spying on Americans, smart phone intelligence, and this is national security?
NSA reformers not satisfied by Obama's NSA proposals
NSA review board recommendation would leave domestic spying program largely unchanged
NSA review group recommends, what will the president decide?
NSA says it's overwhelmed by records requests they refuse anyway
NSA shares surveillance data with Justice Department for criminal cases
NSA spying scandal: Even Dianne Feinstein finally is outraged and demanding answers
NSA surveillance can do anything ... even rewrite history
NSA tracked porn-watching to discredit 'Muslim radicalizers'
NSA's bulk collection bonanza
NSA: Our water usage should be top secret
NY AG Schneiderman brings sunshine to 'dark money'
NY Post defense in 'Bag Man' libel case: Our stupid readers make us stupid
NYC inmates
NYC to lead on food and climate policy? Bill de Blasio and the 'foodprint' resolution
NYPD red
NYT editorial board cuts through the crap and calls Edward Snowden what he is — a whistle-blower
NYT: It's Harry Reid's fault Republicans are blocking unemployment benefit extension
NYT: Syria vote will highlight split in Republican Party
Nappy hour
National Republicans say their nominee in Florida special election is an incompetent cradle robber
National Republicans scrambling to keep Texas Red
National Review discovers group of moderate Republicans fighting back against right-wing nutjobs
National Review: Black children have 'weak impulse control' compared to white children
National Rifle Association discovers new zoo-based conspiracy
National Website Disaster!
National tea party sobs, please, treat us like Socialists
Navy Yard shooting not likely to make gun-safety advocates' task easier
Nearly 2 million home care workers to get minimum wage and overtime protections
Nearly 200 members of Congress urge Obama to sign ENDA executive order
Nebraska judge calls law that let governor approve Keystone XL pipeline route unconstitutional
Nebraska judge's ruling on Keystone XL routing could delay Obama's decision until after November
Need a break from work? Try running for Congress
Need something else to celebrate this week? Fix the Debt lost
Negotiations resume as BART strike gridlocks San Francisco area
Nelson Mandela R.I.P.
Netflix to stream MITT, a documentary on Romney's quest for the presidency
Netroots Nation 2013 Live Broadcast Schedule for Friday, June 21
Netroots Nation 2013 Live Broadcast Schedule for Saturday, June 22
Netroots Nation 2013 Live Broadcast Schedule for Thursday, June 20
Nevada abandons defense of anti-marriage equality law
Nevada congressional candidate says non-discrimination laws amount to 'segregation'
Nevada conservatives say redefining marriage is something white supremacists would do
New Boehner video 'mocks' Obama for negotiating with Russia, but not Republicans
New DOJ guidelines to make it harder for government to secretly obtain records from journalists
New FDA guidelines on reducing antibiotic misuse in livestock industry is a bunch of bologna
New Gallup poll shows the same old numbers for Obamacare
New House Republican plan has staff back under the bus
New IRS report confirms upcoming retirement crisis
New Jersey Catholic Church lobbies to keep victims of abuse silent
New Jersey Rep. Rob Andrews resigning to join private sector
New Jersey exit poll pours a little cold water on Chris Christie's 2016 ambition
New Jersey lawmakers merge Christie scandal investigations
New Jersey loses millions in federal Obamacare grant money
New Jersey votes its minimum wage workers a raise; early lead for SeaTac minimum wage measure
New Jersey's Republican Senate nominee is very proud of his nasty cuticles, because he's not gay
New NSA document release reveals illegal searching of Americans' call data
New Obamacare customers get a little more time to pay first premium
New Republican PAC aims to appeal to Texas women through soft-focus web videos
New Republican spin: Democrats don't really want to extend unemployment aid
New Year, same idiots
New York City fast food workers kick off seven-city week of walkouts
New York Democrat Bill Owens will retire, turning his seat into a tossup
New York McDonald's workers to get $500,000 wage theft settlement
New York Republican asks judge to delay his trial lest it damage the party in this year's elections
New York Republican makes early bid for dumbest mudslinger
New York Times awakes from coma ... worried about 'rank partisan warfare'
New York and Connecticut take action against food stamp cuts
New York fast food worker: 'I think I deserve to eat lunch'
New ad from tea party challenger goes after 'Mudslinging Mitch'
New agreement on student loan interest rates reached in Senate
New allegation of withholding New Jersey Sandy relief money for political purposes
New anti-Obamacare campaign: Health insurance is bad
New anti-gay group breaks from Boy Scouts, will bar 'waving rainbow flags'
New awful argument against marriage equality in Pennsylvania: Gay couples are like children
New bipartisan plan to 'only' cut food stamp benefits for 1.7 million
New children's book about Ronald Reagan
New documents to be released on Christie-bridge scandal
New from the NSA: Internal Patriot Discovery
New front for GOP in Obamacare: War on Churches
New gun carnage study: 500 children and teens die each year, another 1500 are hospitalized
New historical analogy from Calgary Cruz raises questions about Canadian educational system
New laws restrict abortion rights the same way poll tax and literacy tests restricted voting rights
New lawsuit will test anti-discrimination provision of Obamacare
New momentum behind expanding Social Security
New poll: Americans optimistic about Obamacare, overwhelmingly oppose GOP position
New poll: Republican Party clobbered itself during the shutdown
New rule allows marriage equality at the end of life
New rules will make Obamacare enrollment easier
New state-passed abortion restrictions so far this year second highest ever
New study pokes big hole in Obama 'rate shock' narrative
New study says Obamacare will save the government a lot of money
New suit challenges NSA surveillance
New surveillance request data release doesn't satisfy tech companies
New video reveals Mitch McConnell smoking crack and probably also an assortment of hallucinogens
New voting rights bill is designed to straighten out part of the mess the Supreme Court made
New wingnut meme brewing: Obama is faking the debt limit deadline
Newark police kindly save National Review a lot of money
Newly unveiled White House climate.data.gov site needs a twin
Newly-released Clinton files may reveal truth about Benghazi, hope conservatives
News flash from Politico: Republicans have been sabotaging Obamacare
Newt explains why Hillary is a lightweight just like Paris Hilton
Newtown families go to Capitol Hill, saying 'We're not going away'
Next stop in GOP judicial nominations obstruction: Blue slips
Next up, more Bengha . . . er, Obamacare hearings!
Nikki Haley doesn't want any dirty union car companies in South Carolina
Nine out of 10 'most miserable' states are red, surprising no one
Ninety-two lawmakers want president to seek congressional okay for a military intervention in Syria
Nitrous oxide: Major climate change threat with a silver bullet solution
No Child Left Behind waivers leave disadvantaged students behind
No Third Way for President Obama
No big box living wage law for Washington, D.C., as council fails to override veto
No congressional agreement reported on renewing federally funded unemployment compensation program
No grand bargain this time
No hints in media reports that military intervention in Syria might be called off
No justice for the Chilean miners
No more cash bash
No more food inspections and for some, no more food, as Republican shutdown grinds along on Day 14
No more fruit for you: Food stamps to be cut by average $30 a month
No need to gloat (wink, wink), but House Republicans just waved the white flag on debt limit
No one cares about deficits
No one wants to drive out to Walmart stores anymore
No pay for Senate staffers on Friday if shutdown doesn't end
No substance, but no big flubs, so Republican State of the Union response counts as a win
No thanks to Walmart
No water, no life
No, Republicans don't have the upper hand in new budget talks
No, Ted, this baby step backward doesn't even reach the level of a nopology
No, White House advisor Gene Sperling, entitlement cuts are not necessary
No, food stamps don't cause obesity
No, the Florida special election is not a referendum on Obamacare
No, the IRS won't be in charge of your health care
No, the latest CBO report doesn't say Obamacare kills jobs
No, there's still no House Republican Obamacare replacement plan
No, welfare doesn't pay better than work. And if it did, maybe try raising the minimum wage?
No, white people won't save the GOP
Noah brings the rain
Noah's Ark theme park moving forward
Non-Todd Akin GOP congressman: 'The incidence of rape resulting in pregnancy are very low'
North Carolina House sneaks revised anti-abortion language onto motorcycle safety bill
North Carolina Republican regrets we can't unring the minimum wage bell
North Carolina Republicans attach sharp abortion restrictions to anti-Sharia bill
North Carolina Republicans sign voting restrictions into law, betray fear
North Carolina Senate candidate Greg Brannon led crackpot conspiracy-peddling website
North Carolina Senate candidate plagiarizes from plagiarizer Rand Paul
North Carolina election officials chipping away at student vote
North Carolina legislature determined to suppress voter turnout. Old times there not forgotten
North Carolina pastor wants only white people at front door
North Carolina students fight back against voter suppression law
North Carolina voters are seriously pissed at extremist Republican agenda on abortion, unemployment
North Carolina's Republican lawmakers eager to use Supreme Court's VRA ruling to curtail voting
Northwestern football players are employees and can unionize, labor board rules
Not a good day for Mitch McConnell: Yet another poll shows him trailing
Not all black Americans happy with commemoration of March on Washington
Not breaking news: Sean Hannity is a hypocritical blowhard
Not even Obamacare covers this
Not just a bill: How ALEC tramples on democracy
Not much peace and goodwill in the Senate these days
Not one battleground-state Republican Senate campaign is run by a woman
Not the headline Mitch wanted
Note to Democrats: Social Security and Medicare are as non-negotiable as Obamacare
Noted hiker-congressman says government didn't shut down during government shutdown
Noted military expert (see Iraq War) Dick Cheney complains about food for the poor
Nothing certain, of course, but President Obama again hints Keystone XL pipeline could be rejected
Notorious sexist with notoriously bad judgment is reportedly top candidate for Fed chair
Now Republicans can pay to find out why women hate them
Now THIS is how you quit your job
Now they know why
Nuclear Regulatory Commission on shutdown: Only one week's funding available
Nuclear reaction roundup: 'Murdered by Harry Reid' and other stories
O'Reilly: 'There's gotta be some downside to having a woman president'
O'Reilly: Obama shouldn't have done funny Obamacare promo video because Putin is watching
Obama Tells United Nations What American Action They Should Fear
Obama administration adds two executive actions to gun-safety measures
Obama administration breaks through years of delay on new worker protections
Obama administration can't stop sequester cancer cuts
Obama administration considering several options for NSA dragnet program
Obama administration extending benefits to gay veterans' spouses
Obama administration extends federal high risk pools through January
Obama administration gives up on legal battle to block universal access to morning-after pill
Obama administration has had enough of GOP Obamacare sabotage
Obama administration targets for-profit college debt factories
Obama administration will recognize Utah same-sex marriages
Obama again presses for minimum wage rise in weekly address
Obama aims to show he can get things done despite obstructionist Congress
Obama and the GOP present two very different paths to opportunity for all
Obama announces plans to mandate increased fuel-efficiency for trucks. Good. But more rail needed
Obama approval underwater in new polls; Congress still wildly unpopular
Obama blasts 'far right' House Republicans in weekly address
Obama blasts Republicans for obstruction to ACA implementation in weekly address
Obama bypassing Congress to raise minimum wage for federal contract workers
Obama calls on Congress to raise the minimum wage in weekly address
Obama calls out Republicans' latest attempt at union busting
Obama cancels Moscow summit with Putin, citing Snowden
Obama caught with his pants down for totally overlooking War of 1812
Obama celebrates consumer protection bureau and Cordray's confirmation in weekly address
Obama challenges Boehner to allow a vote on reopening government
Obama challenges Congress to actually pass some laws upon return from vacation
Obama condemns 'Republican default tax' in weekly address
Obama continues his 'opportunity for all' drive in weekly address
Obama could make recess appointments next week
Obama debating options on Russia-Ukraine conflict
Obama dismisses concerns over NSA programs, Merkley strongly rebuts
Obama doubles down on 'year of action' for economy
Obama doubles down on selling Syria intervention in weekly address
Obama explains why Republicans won't be calling it Obamacare for much longer
Obama focuses on economy in weekly address, vowing to mobilize country around economic security
Obama focuses on improving housing market and homeowners in weekly address
Obama focuses on tech and manufacturing job initiatives in weekly address
Obama gets behind $10.10 minimum wage bill
Obama gives Larry Summers 'full-throated' defense as dissenters push Janet Yellen for Fed chief
Obama happily embraces insurance-salesman-in-chief role in weekly address
Obama has a message: 'Real men don't hurt women'
Obama has done nothing to address income inequality. Right?
Obama has strong words on military sexual assault. He'll need strong pressure on the military, too.
Obama highlights women's economic opportunity
Obama invites all House Republicans to White House meeting, nearly all decline
Obama lauds progress in America's energy advances in weekly address
Obama links college affordability to middle-class prosperity in weekly address
Obama loses key support on grand bargain
Obama makes the case for strengthening overtime protections in weekly address
Obama makes the right choice and will present his case on Syria to the whole Congress for a vote
Obama meets with key lawmakers on NSA revelations, vows reforms
Obama nominates James Comey to head FBI
Obama nominates Janet Yellen for Fed chief. If Senate confirms, she'll be first woman in the post
Obama nominates three to key appeals court. Get ready for GOP howls
Obama offers GOP a Grand Bargain: Do your job
Obama offers thanks to Americans, for Americans, in early weekly address
Obama peace offering on judicial nominee not mollifying critics
Obama pivots back to economy in weekly address
Obama planning overtime pay expansion for millions of workers
Obama pondering fate of NSA's bulk data collection
Obama praises a Congress that finally did something in weekly address
Obama praises value of a stable, prosperous working middle class in weekly address
Obama proposals to lower college costs fail to tackle the real driver of rising tuition
Obama proposes $302 billion transportation bill
Obama pushes for extension of unemployment insurance in weekly address
Obama pushes to fix 'broken' immigration system in weekly address
Obama pushes to limit federal spending on corporate executive pay
Obama reassures civil rights leaders his administration will keep fighting racist voting laws
Obama refuses to capitulate, Republicans at a loss
Obama rips GOP hostage-taking
Obama salutes Newtown parents on tragedy's anniversary in weekly address
Obama salutes fatherhood and parenting in departure from usual weekly address
Obama says Republicans privately tell him they're scared of Rush Limbaugh
Obama says Russia on wrong side of history, urges Congress to pass Ukrainian aid package
Obama says he will make case for Syria attack on Tuesday from White House
Obama says he will not yield an inch to GOP extortion demands on debt limit
Obama seeks to violate UN charter with congressional blessing
Obama sends clear message in weekly address: 'I will not negotiate'
Obama sets tone for Democrats on offense over Obamacare
Obama statement on government shutdown
Obama statement on reopening of government and what's next on agenda
Obama strikes at the heart of Reaganism
Obama takes aim at sexual assault on college campuses
Obama takes steps to bypass Congress in helping long-term unemployed
Obama tells Congress to give the American people a raise in weekly address
Obama thanks veterans, makes them promises in weekly address
Obama ties minimum wage raise to working women's plight in weekly address
Obama to Boehner: 'Call a vote right now. Let's see what happens.'
Obama to announce administrative fix for health plan cancellations
Obama to call for ending bulk collection of phone data by government
Obama to sign order raising minimum wage for federal contract workers
Obama to speak about middle-class jobs at temp-heavy Amazon warehouse
Obama urges national conversation on mental health
Obama visits Costco to make the case for a $10.10 minimum wage
Obama vows to work for middle-class economic security in weekly address
Obama wants to end 'sticker shock,' Republicans want to end health care
Obama will urge House GOP to pass clean funding bill and raise debt limit in White House meeting
Obama's 'message' to Syria
Obama's MyRA plan a fine idea, but not an answer to the retirement crisis
Obama's Reassignment Surgery
Obama's decision on northern leg of Keystone XL pipeline could fuel November's mid-term elections
Obama's dirty dishes
Obama's foreign policy doctrine and why it makes sense
Obama's inequality speech: telling the progressive story of American history
Obama's legacy could depend on real filibuster reform
Obama's unpopularity puts pressure on Braley in Iowa, but he still leads the GOP field
Obama, Clinton team up to tout Obamacare
Obama, allies revving up fight for Obamacare
Obama: 'America is what it is today because workers began to organize'
Obama: 'I applaud the Supreme Court’s decision to strike down the Defense of Marriage Act'
Obama: 'It's time to give America a raise'
Obama: 'It's time to restore opportunity for all people'
Obama: 'Our work is more urgent than ever, because this chapter of war is coming to an end'
Obama: 'The only thing' holding up immigration reform 'is John Boehner calling it to the floor'
Obama: 'There will be costs' if Russia violates Ukrainian sovereignty
Obama: Even if you didn’t vote for me, you’re gonna want Obamacare
Obama: Plan is a 'limited, proportional' strike to 'degrade' Syrian capacity and 'send a message'
Obama: We need ENDA because 'We need to harness the creativity and talents of every American'
Obamacare 'rate shock' myth debunked
Obamacare 'rate shock' victim changes her mind, calls the law a 'blessing in disguise'
Obamacare 101: Overview
Obamacare 202: The HHS and the Affordable Care Act
Obamacare 303: Health care insurance exhanges
Obamacare 404: The policies
Obamacare and brand new Democrats: The GOP's biggest nightmare
Obamacare and the inheritance tax: A case study in the so-called dignity of work
Obamacare attacks failing. Health Insurance Marketplace exceeding expectations
Obamacare boosting household income and spending
Obamacare controls what you eat: By giving you nutritional data
Obamacare could save large employers billions in COBRA coverage
Obamacare defunders want to pocket Obamacare funds
Obamacare enrollment deadline pushed to December 24
Obamacare enrollment starts tomorrow, shutdown or not
Obamacare enrollments double in last three weeks
Obamacare enrollments keeping up high pace
Obamacare enrollments picking up steam
Obamacare enrollments surging, HealthCare.gov working better
Obamacare enrollments top 6 million
Obamacare fulfilling promise to older Americans
Obamacare funding fight splintering GOP
Obamacare glitch puts Republicans in a bind
Obamacare horror story
Obamacare is like being raped by Uncle Sam ... or something like that
Obamacare is working: Uninsured rate drops
Obamacare is working—believe Republican naysayers at your peril
Obamacare now an electoral wash
Obamacare obsession? That's so last year
Obamacare off to great start in Kentucky, Washington, Oregon
Obamacare officially hits 5 million enrollees
Obamacare oversight? Monkey court, says one frustrated Democrat
Obamacare political disaster
Obamacare popularity still inching upward
Obamacare reality bites Republican butts
Obamacare repeal still the Republicans' big goal. Really.
Obamacare scandal!!!! No. Just Republican talking points.
Obamacare so in demand that sites are overwhelmed
Obamacare to cover breast cancer prevention drugs
Obamacare website glitches still causing heartburn
Obamacare will bring dramatic savings to New Yorkers
Obamacare's first day glitches overshadowed by success
Obamacare: Final exam
Obamacare: First step to eliminating immorality that is health insurance
Obamacare: What's a vulnerable Democrat to do?
Obamahaters Inc.
Objective proof: Republicans are getting stupider
Oblivious to human suffering, House GOP wants to cut $40 billion in food stamps
Occupy protesters get $1.17 million in Oakland police misconduct settlement
Of course conservative outlets don't care latest White House 'scandal' fell apart. Why would they?
Offspring of 'Sagebrush Rebels' still seek to pry public land into private hands for personal gain
Oh my gosh! The House might cancel its Sept. 23 holiday vacation!
Oh, by the way, says Freedom Industries, there was a second chemical leaking from that tank
Oh, by the way, says Freedom Industries, we spilled a third more chemicals than we told you before
Ohio GOP finds no voter fraud conspiracy, but still pushes voting restrictions
Ohio Medicaid expansion approved
Ohio attorney general still fighting judge's order to recognize dying man's marriage
Ohio auto-dealers score victory in Tesla battle
Ohio bank steals woman's possessions by 'mistake,' then refuses to pay up
Ohio bank still refusing to pay for stealing everything from woman's home
Ohio extremist wants buyers for his assault weapons to keep 'pro-life' personhood project alive
Ohio governor might expand Medicaid with executive order
Ohio physicians say new abortion restrictions interfere with their ability to advise and treat women
Ohio tortures a man to death
Ohio's lt. gov. lies about Obamacare rate hikes
Oil companies that got their Alaska taxes cut now don't like the rules proposed to implement them
Okay-to-discriminate laws rocket to the top of the Republican agenda
Oklahoma Sen. Tom Coburn announces retirement
Oklahoma denying all National Guards spousal benefits to avoid order on same-sex couple benefits
Old white man decides to leave military sexual assault decisions in the hands of old white men
Olympic men's hockey semifinals: United States vs. Canada open thread
Omaha plant explosion injures at least 10
On 'Redskins,' President Obama gets it right and Fox News Dem Lanny Davis gets it completely wrong
On Nelson Mandela
On Syria
On anniversary, Republicans 'blame' economic recovery on stimulus
On ending the Republican shutdown, Boehner squirms from 'no way' to no answer
On immigration reform, 70 votes is the new 60 votes
On immigration reform, the math is simple and the question is even simpler
On marriage equality, the Republican Party is out of step with its own young voters
On second thought, pregnant women shouldn’t drink contaminated West Virginia water, CDC says
On the anniversary of JFK's assassination, a boatload of speculative what-ifs are still unresolved
On the bright side, the US pays its workers more than the Slovak Republic
On winter break? Five movies to awaken your inner activist
One Fox News chart that will mislead you about welfare and jobs in three different ways
One lucky person in the White House cabinet gets to skip the State of the Union
One more way banks screw regular people (and why we need to bring back postal banking)
One nation, under surveillance
One simple chart shows just how big Daily Kos' tent actually is (and it's very big)
One way to force the House to act on immigration: A discharge petition
Ongoing sequester is great news if you like having bugs in your food
Only young pups need apply
Onward to the House
Oops! I shot my gun in WalMart and/or the train station and didn't even notice! GunFAIL XLV
Oops! Shot my gun off in church, but nobody got hit. Just a woman! GunFAIL XLVI
Oops, there it is: Perry won't run in 2014, but hints at interest in 2016 bid
Open thread for night owls
Open thread for night owls. Adolph Reed, Jr.: The long, slow surrender of American liberals
Open thread for night owls. Rosen: See 'how badly political journalists have lost the freakin' plot'
Open thread for night owls. Thomas Frank: Talk about squelching inequality can't be left to elites
Open thread for night owls: 'A part of a cultural heritage'
Open thread for night owls: 'Accidental Racist,' Brad Paisley and the Confederate flag
Open thread for night owls: 'Civil religion' and American exceptionalism
Open thread for night owls: 'Dad is dead.'
Open thread for night owls: 'Dark money' feeds climate change denial
Open thread for night owls: 'Free market' is actually a boatload of rules
Open thread for night owls: 'Once a town gets a SWAT team you want to use it'
Open thread for night owls: 'One threat'—progressive power unifying
Open thread for night owls: 'Recovery' has been the word on the economy since 2009. But whose?
Open thread for night owls: 'Thanks a lot, Jenny McCarthy.'
Open thread for night owls: 'The magnificent failure of the grown-up in the room strategy'
Open thread for night owls: 'Twas the War Before Christmas
Open thread for night owls: 10 reasons holding back economic recovery
Open thread for night owls: 2010 California whooping cough outbreak linked to vaccine refusals
Open thread for night owls: 2013 Gulf 'dead zone' could be largest on record
Open thread for night owls: 28 senators become night owls for climate change
Open thread for night owls: A campaign for climate resilience is spreading across U.S.
Open thread for night owls: A few kind words for Mr. Cheers & Jeers
Open thread for night owls: A rebellion without a cause
Open thread for night owls: ALEC working to privatize the nation, one statehouse at a time
Open thread for night owls: AT&T introduces pay-to-play mobile data service
Open thread for night owls: About one-fourth of all incarcerated people on Earth are in the U.S.
Open thread for night owls: Age discrimination could be headed for you, sooner than you think
Open thread for night owls: America's police are looking more and more like the military
Open thread for night owls: Americans increasingly think astrology is science
Open thread for night owls: Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch reports blast drone attacks
Open thread for night owls: An innocent man's first days of freedom after 30 years imprisoned
Open thread for night owls: And now for something completely different
Open thread for night owls: Andrew Bacevich dissects Tom Clancy
Open thread for night owls: Another reason to hate commuting
Open thread for night owls: Antarctic permafrost melting at faster than expected rates
Open thread for night owls: Apparently, the Internet is failing to kill public interest journalism
Open thread for night owls: At What Age does a Black Male Become a Threat?
Open thread for night owls: Austerity pep squad, Democratic division
Open thread for night owls: Ayn Rand could have learned from the Arizona firefighters
Open thread for night owls: Banks are doing swell. How's about you?
Open thread for night owls: Bill Moyers interviews Henry Giroux on zombies and casino capitalism
Open thread for night owls: Bill Moyers on covering class war
Open thread for night owls: Bill Moyers on the sabotage of democracy
Open thread for night owls: Black Friday in unemployed America
Open thread for night owls: CNN and HLN just can't get enough of Zimmerman's white supremacist pal
Open thread for night owls: CPAC, GOProud, and an inability to feel shame
Open thread for night owls: Calling eco-dissidents 'terrorists' serves corporations, not democracy
Open thread for night owls: Catmas
Open thread for night owls: Celebrated and excoriated, Bradley Manning now faces a century in prison
Open thread for night owls: Cities plan for adapting to climate change
Open thread for night owls: Covert agents manipulate Internet discourse and destroy reputations
Open thread for night owls: Cox—Why have so many liberals been silent about NSA spying?
Open thread for night owls: Cyberwarfare and the infinite meaning of 'imminent'
Open thread for night owls: David Graeber talks about 'buncombe'
Open thread for night owls: Dearth of official inspectors pushes volunteers to report oil spills
Open thread for night owls: Demonizing Edward Snowden
Open thread for night owls: Dick Cheney wanted Nelson Mandela to stay forever in prison
Open thread for night owls: Drawing lines in the sand
Open thread for night owls: Ducking and dissing FDR's lessons
Open thread for night owls: East Antarctica Ice Sheet is melting, too
Open thread for night owls: Electric cars ARE good for the planet
Open thread for night owls: Ever-expanding gov't secrecy excessive, unnecessary and destructive
Open thread for night owls: Excerpts from the April Harper's Index
Open thread for night owls: Excerpts from the Harper's Index
Open thread for night owls: Excerpts from the January Harper's Index
Open thread for night owls: Excerpts from the July edition of Harper's Index
Open thread for night owls: Excerpts from the October Harper's Index
Open thread for night owls: Excerpts from the latest Harper's Index
Open thread for night owls: Exonerated death row inmate speaks about abolition of capital punishment
Open thread for night owls: Explaining radicalism, and embracing it
Open thread for night owls: Exxon Mobil CEO Rex Tillerson is 'Greenwashing Hypocrite of the Year'
Open thread for night owls: FDA limits use of antibiotics as livestock growth agent
Open thread for night owls: FDR on the radio, Christmas Eve, 1939
Open thread for night owls: Failed anti-immigrant laws leave cities with stiff bills
Open thread for night owls: Fast track on trade deal is train wreck for Americans
Open thread for night owls: Fast-tracking 'NAFTA on steroids'
Open thread for night owls: Fifty years gone—Medgar Evers, 1925-1963
Open thread for night owls: Fighting the skewed pay ratio
Open thread for night owls: Financiers buying up U.S. farmland
Open thread for night owls: Firing squads and electric chairs
Open thread for night owls: Fix the Debt astroturfers lost to the real grassroots
Open thread for night owls: Floating Japanese L-Zero magnetic levitation test train hits 310 mph
Open thread for night owls: Foes are turning Trans-Pacific Partnership toxic
Open thread for night owls: Food stamps move to the suburbs
Open thread for night owls: For crack-cocaine convicts, Ford's clemency? Or Carter's amnesty?
Open thread for night owls: For the next shutdown, can we #!%§¿&$ avoid furloughing children?
Open thread for night owls: Former coal executive turned environmentalist—leave coal in the ground
Open thread for night owls: Fracking boom adds to drought-battered Texans' water woes
Open thread for night owls: Free movie ideas, and you're welcome
Open thread for night owls: Gunfight at the ol' clothing emporium
Open thread for night owls: Hasn't Summers done enough damage? Why not Christina Romer for the Fed?
Open thread for night owls: History of pneumatic tube transportation & other uses before Hyperloops
Open thread for night owls: History you didn't learn in school—Sept. 10, 1897: Lattimer Massacre
Open thread for night owls: House-led shutdown forces NIH to turn away child cancer patients
Open thread for night owls: How Antarctica responds to a warming climate
Open thread for night owls: How Robert Samuelson gets it wrong about Keynesianism...again
Open thread for night owls: How Robert Samuelson gets it wrong about Keysnesianism...again
Open thread for night owls: How blogger Duncan Black made expanding Social Security respectable
Open thread for night owls: How deadbeat banks beat up Detroit
Open thread for night owls: How energy efficient is your city?
Open thread for night owls: How low-wage service workers are changing the face of labor
Open thread for night owls: How the growing use of adjunct faculty is destroying the academy
Open thread for night owls: How the temps who power corporate giants are getting crushed
Open thread for night owls: How to make 'opportunity for all' more than a just another slogan
Open thread for night owls: Hundreds arrested in Keystone XL pipeline protest
Open thread for night owls: In Louisiana, another town may cease to exist
Open thread for night owls: In harmony with nature
Open thread for night owls: In the way of defeating Republican Peter King—Democrat Steve Israel
Open thread for night owls: Inequality
Open thread for night owls: Is Roger Ailes himself the person who runs Foxaganda's chyron?
Open thread for night owls: Is the U.S. Constitution obsolete?
Open thread for night owls: Is this really 'conservatism'?
Open thread for night owls: JP Morgan settlement a sham and a scam
Open thread for night owls: Jaffe on the end of jobs
Open thread for night owls: James Inhofe says carbon emissions controls are meant to curb freedom
Open thread for night owls: Japan bashed over dolphin kill as Pentagon wrecks ecology in Pacific
Open thread for night owls: Jobs
Open thread for night owls: Jobs or Inequality? Who thinks that is a choice?
Open thread for night owls: John Lewis calls out Supreme Court justices on Voting Rights Act ruling
Open thread for night owls: Lawbreakers with a conscience can expose crimes that would remain hidden
Open thread for night owls: Leaked draft of part two of U.N. climate report warns of food problems
Open thread for night owls: Look out! Here comes Hurricane Paul Ryan
Open thread for night owls: Looting the pension funds
Open thread for night owls: Low-wage workers more educated than ever
Open thread for night owls: Mark Ames on the 'True History of Libertarianism'
Open thread for night owls: Mark Leibovich on America's gilded capital
Open thread for night owls: Market myths and the real drivers of American economic progress
Open thread for night owls: Mass incarceration in the U.S., in pie format
Open thread for night owls: Media seek to pass off corporate ideology as the 'New American Center'
Open thread for night owls: Meet the Press thought Romney had something worthwhile to say about '63
Open thread for night owls: Melting of Antarctic glacier half the size of Germany is 'irreversible'
Open thread for night owls: Memo to Washington—Occupy movement lives
Open thread for night owls: Michael Klare on How to Fry a Planet
Open thread for night owls: Mike Lofgren dissects the 'deep state'
Open thread for night owls: Millennials not environmentalists? 'It's more complicated than that'
Open thread for night owls: Monsanto, the TPP, and Global Food Dominance
Open thread for night owls: More free movie ideas
Open thread for night owls: Myopia
Open thread for night owls: NSA reform, then and in the 1970s
Open thread for night owls: NSA spying on American citizens didn't start on 9/12
Open thread for night owls: NSA surveillance could turn U.S. 'citizenry into a nation of sheep'
Open thread for night owls: New Homeland Security Chief justified excesses in war on terror
Open thread for night owls: New Year's resolutions for the left
Open thread for night owls: New export rules treats weapons like widgets. Defense industry smiles
Open thread for night owls: Not for the first time, Missouri executes man before court okays it
Open thread for night owls: Now-infamous police chief suspended for 30 days without pay
Open thread for night owls: Obama should up his crack cocaine commutations from 8 to 7,000
Open thread for night owls: Obama's Syrian plan lacks a 'logical premise and a well-designed goal'
Open thread for night owls: Obama's not-so-terrible year
Open thread for night owls: Oh, Georgia
Open thread for night owls: On 'Zealot' and hubris and who owns Jesus
Open thread for night owls: On climate change, a conflict between right words and wrong actions
Open thread for night owls: One more reason to turn more red states blue
Open thread for night owls: One of Robert Gates's more real legacies
Open thread for night owls: Pennies, nickels cost more than they're worth. What to do?
Open thread for night owls: Pinkerton—Al Jazeera and Arabs back bin Laden and 'killing Americans'
Open thread for night owls: Populism requires the words to mesh with the deeds. Just sayin'
Open thread for night owls: Postal savings bank could fund rebuilding of crumbling infrastructure
Open thread for night owls: Predictions, schmedictions—getting it wrong again
Open thread for night owls: President Obama & A.G. Holder—Why not a mass reduction in sentences?
Open thread for night owls: Pushing back on the absurdities of U.S. presidential campaigns
Open thread for night owls: Putin gets Obama's foreign policy wrong
Open thread for night owls: Racism and 'Redface' Halloween costumes insult American Indians
Open thread for night owls: Reproductive rights advocates plan state battles. Kansas targeted
Open thread for night owls: Republicans to Americans—sequester you
Open thread for night owls: Rick Santorum explains Obamacare
Open thread for night owls: Robert Reich and 'Inequality for All'
Open thread for night owls: Saying goodbye to Tricky Dick
Open thread for night owls: Scalia and the case of the non-controversial description of DNA
Open thread for night owls: Schools' zero tolerance policies destructive, fuel a prison pipeline
Open thread for night owls: Senate Republicans blast Sen. Ted Cruz for shutdown role
Open thread for night owls: Senators Casey and Rockefeller want reform of black-lung program
Open thread for night owls: Sequester guts American Indian education
Open thread for night owls: Sequestration increases odds you will be mauled by bears
Open thread for night owls: Slaughtering elephants for trinkets and profits
Open thread for night owls: Snowden, Clapper, and the Chamber of Commerce
Open thread for night owls: Some thank-yous
Open thread for night owls: Some things President Obama can do on climate change without Congress
Open thread for night owls: Something more damaging than the shutdown continues: the sequester
Open thread for night owls: Stagnant inflation-adjusted median household income slips in July
Open thread for night owls: States rejecting ALEC's attack on renewable energy standards
Open thread for night owls: Stealing $381,000 will net you just one year in prison
Open thread for night owls: Still not potty-trained, Rumsfeld tosses his feces at the president
Open thread for night owls: Stop Watching Us rally slated to push thorough investigation of NSA
Open thread for night owls: Survey—politicians think voters more conservative than they really are
Open thread for night owls: Syria and the rules of war (in 1925)
Open thread for night owls: TPP pact would expand closed-door investor-state dispute courts
Open thread for night owls: Ta-Nehisi Coates on Condoleeza Rice's short memory about Iraq
Open thread for night owls: Ta-Nehisi Coates on apartheid's oh-so-useful American idiots
Open thread for night owls: Taibbi on the 'megabanks' most devious scam yet'
Open thread for night owls: Tainted water in West Virginia spurs grassroots to the rescue
Open thread for night owls: Tasering Fox News
Open thread for night owls: Tea Party Cat reports on Sunday's congressional debate on Syria
Open thread for night owls: Teddy Roosevelt, not-so-great reformer. DC liberals don't get it
Open thread for night owls: Temporary workers suffer far more job injuries than other employees
Open thread for night owls: The .01% owns one third of the total owned by all millionaires combined
Open thread for night owls: The 12th anniversary of the Bin Laden PDB
Open thread for night owls: The 25th anniversary of Ann Richards's 'silver foot' convention speech
Open thread for night owls: The Arctic ice retreats, retreats, retreats
Open thread for night owls: The March on Washington for Freedom and Jobs in historical context
Open thread for night owls: The U.S. is exporting global warming
Open thread for night owls: The Wall Street Journal re-re-re-defines 'Experts'
Open thread for night owls: The crime is the friggin' law. Man gets 20 years for half ounce of pot
Open thread for night owls: The deficit that needs reducing is the jobs deficit
Open thread for night owls: The fight against feeding children
Open thread for night owls: The futility of 'just the facts' climate science
Open thread for night owls: The keeping-up-with-the-Joneses myth
Open thread for night owls: The matter with Kansas
Open thread for night owls: The origins of crazy
Open thread for night owls: The petty tantrums of war
Open thread for night owls: The problem isn't the privacy, it's the secrecy without discussion
Open thread for night owls: The problem with the August full moon
Open thread for night owls: The televangelist who secretly owned diamond mines
Open thread for night owls: Third Way was supposed to end welfare politicking as we knew it. Ha!
Open thread for night owls: Time to forget the 1%
Open thread for night owls: Time to treat sex workers like...workers
Open thread for night owls: Tom Hayden explores the impact of California's progressive leverage
Open thread for night owls: Torture at Guantánamo and a U.S. 'supermax'
Open thread for night owls: Trans-Pacific Partnership will be yet another bad deal for workers
Open thread for night owls: Transition Network—Is building an open-source economy pie-in-the-sky?
Open thread for night owls: Two scientists say economic overhaul needed to avert climate crisis
Open thread for night owls: U.S.-based multinational corporations hire lots of people...overseas
Open thread for night owls: UK suppression of NSA/Snowden reporting should cause a shiver
Open thread for night owls: USW's Leo Gerard—'Capitalism Failed; cronyism and corruption rule'
Open thread for night owls: Veteran journalist Ray Bonner discusses FBI abuse of phone records
Open thread for night owls: WHO reports 1 in 8 deaths worldwide linked to air pollution
Open thread for night owls: Wages of low-wage earners down in all but three states since 2009
Open thread for night owls: Wall Street exempts itself from reform
Open thread for night owls: Walmart eager for Court to help it block workers' disability benefits
Open thread for night owls: Welfare isn't too generous, wages are too low
Open thread for night owls: What Fox News doesn't cover
Open thread for night owls: What gives the U.S. the right to spy on innocents abroad?
Open thread for night owls: What if the zombies are just a government cover story?
Open thread for night owls: What the neoconservative hangers-on want from Ukraine crisis
Open thread for night owls: When Forbes is indistinguishable from parody
Open thread for night owls: While auto industry growth leaps and bounds, auto job growth crawls
Open thread for night owls: White saviors and the Oscars
Open thread for night owls: Why Do Women Disapprove of Drone Strikes So Much More Than Men Do?
Open thread for night owls: Why does white supremacist Frank Taafe get so much TV time?
Open thread for night owls: Why not constant boycotts and protests against corporate power?
Open thread for night owls: Why we should stop subsidizing CEO pay
Open thread for night owls: Will President Obama's climate change plans include tar sands?
Open thread for night owls: Will the latest fight against offshore secrecy turn out differently?
Open thread for night owls: Will the middle class become the new poor?
Open thread for night owls: Winning on crucial social issues, losing on economic ones
Open thread for night owls: Would JFK really have withdrawn all the troops from Vietnam?
Open thread for night owls: Your taxes at work. Occupiers' phones were logged.
Open thread for night owls: Yup, Dr. Keith Ablow is still nuts
Open thread: 2013, 2014, racism, and children's books
Open thread: 2014 is here!
Open thread: Acquitted Development
Open thread: American Indians, radicals and racists
Open thread: An encore performance by Sebastien De La Cruz
Open thread: Ant rally
Open thread: Anti-Republican, anti-racism and anti-inequality
Open thread: Atoms, civility and 'Arrested Development'
Open thread: Bait-ball, nullification and the future
Open thread: Bread and blood and weddings, oh my
Open thread: Brian Williams, gangster rapper
Open thread: Clapper (louder)
Open thread: Climate, Noah's ark and spiders
Open thread: Coal
Open thread: Coal, Teapublicans and the battle for the House
Open thread: Dead-enders, gerrymandering and Reaganism
Open thread: Ed Markey has a friend in Carole King
Open thread: Election day, outreach and the lake
Open thread: Ellison celebrates marriage equality with a song
Open thread: Fire with fire
Open thread: First Nations, Obamacare and endgames
Open thread: Fox News, Mark Sanford, and Moral Monday
Open thread: Frank Lautenberg on gun reform and the 'test of the general character' of congress
Open thread: George Washington, fake jobs and the CBO
Open thread: Grand Obstruction Party
Open thread: Hillary, Obamacare and a Moral March
Open thread: In honor of our favorite rodent, 'The mother of all demos'
Open thread: Inequality, Chris Christie and a tragic pathos
Open thread: Iran, impeachment and immorality
Open thread: JFK gets cranky about furniture
Open thread: Legal abortion clinic in Texas today vs. under SB5
Open thread: Life and beauty worth saving
Open thread: MLK, Iran and corporate shills
Open thread: Marching, the Supreme Court and Satan
Open thread: Obamacare, Birmingham and Kansas
Open thread: Obamacare, Obamacare and Obamacare
Open thread: Obamacare, cultures and supporting unions
Open thread: Obamacare, dreams and dinner
Open thread: Obamacare, war and power grabs
Open thread: Obesity, vomit and hockey sticks
Open thread: Pizza, racism and space
Open thread: Prisons, Chuck Todd and needles
Open thread: Race, murder and Hillary Clinton
Open thread: Racism, freedom and good intentions
Open thread: Remembering and reflecting
Open thread: Republican battles, royal babies, and voting rights
Open thread: Rocky, climate and horror
Open thread: Spying and bombing and Mrs. Johanson
Open thread: Steve King says GOP congressmen privately share his views
Open thread: Supporting the troops and waving guns
Open thread: Test scores, lying and nitrous oxide
Open thread: Texas Special Session Blues
Open thread: The 'mean gene,' 'rate shock' and creationism
Open thread: The NSA, Rand Paul and debacles
Open thread: The New Google
Open thread: The Oscars, steampunk and surrender
Open thread: The Quarry, the Roberts Five and the last word
Open thread: The dumbest Congressman, secrets and democracy
Open thread: The pay inequality and such as
Open thread: The rockets' red glare, guitars and Trayvon Martin
Open thread: Trayvon, Fruitvale and worth
Open thread: Unemployment, population peaks, and Rosa Parks
Open thread: Voting rights and a certain state legislator
Open thread: Wendy Davis, in translation and animation
Open thread: Wrong-way war, sleazy auto dealers and spin
Operation Accidental Diplomacy
Oprah talks about race; Fox News freaks out
Opting out of ACA because it’s not single payer is dangerous
Oregon GOP furiously denies supporting marriage equality
Oregon United for Marriage is continuing signature collection, conversation about equality
Oregon becomes 16th state to call for amendment overturning Citizens United
Oregon considers Pay It Forward model to make college affordable
Oregon county GOP raffles AR-15 rifle to 'celebrate' Lincoln and Martin Luther King
Oregon marriage equality opponents shift gears, seek to protect bigoted florists and bakers
Oregon senator joins the call for increasing Social Security benefits
Oregon teen's Bar Mitzvah speech champions marriage equality
Other than college, what's the best way for women to get decent pay and benefits? Unions.
Ouch. Republican approval tanks in new NBC/WSJ poll
Our Corporate Anthem
Our future is going up in flames
Our networks don't always work so well
Our political mess is a result of false equivalence
Oversexed Halloween
Ozone treaty accidentally slowed global warming
O’Keefe and GOP allies forget Bush’s Medicare navigators—like ACORN
PPP confirms that Gov. Sam Brownback's radical agenda is too much, even for Kansas
PPP finds 17 Republicans trailing generic opponents in big batch of House polls for MoveOn
PPP's first New Mexico poll shows Republican Gov. Susana Martinez strong but not invincible
PPP's new Montana poll offers tough news for Democrats trying to hold Senate seat
PPP: Dems lead generic ballot, voters still want expanded background checks
PPP: Palin narrowly leads GOP Senate field, but loses badly in general
Paid family leave: One more great Democratic idea Republicans will block
Painfully wrong
Palin: 'Putin wrestles bears!'
Parallel Earth
Parents struggle to find Head Start alternatives during Republican shutdown
Parking meters and prisons: Top six privatization horror stories
Part of Texas anti-abortion law doesn't go into effect thanks to judge's ruling
Party favors: The Democrats aren't popular, but the Republicans are much worse off
Party that likes to use bombs unhappy that Obama is using diplomacy with Iran
Pat Buchanan really, really likes Vladimir Putin
Pat Buchanan's tears are delicious
Pat Roberts' time-share La-Z-Boy not exactly working out for Kansas voters
Pat Robertson doesn't hate gay people, they just have some 'chromosomal damage'
Pat Robertson says America will be 'vomited out of the land' for tolerating gay rights
Pat Robertson waxes on about 'the liberals,' the Nazis, and 'the orgy of the French Revolution'
Pat Robertson's deep thoughts on the DOMA defeat
Patrick Leahy calls for sweeping NSA restrictions
Patriot acts
Patriotism is for suckers
Patriots Cruz and Palin rally for the Confederacy ... or something about the Republican shutdown
Paul Broun, the Democrats' favorite Republican, is the Republicans' favorite, too
Paul Ryan adds Medicare and Medicaid to the ransom note
Paul Ryan demonstrates the rhetorical equivalent of washing clean dishes
Paul Ryan has momentary lapse into truthfulness
Paul Ryan in the denial stage
Paul Ryan is still coming for your Social Security and Medicare
Paul Ryan opposes raising the minimum wage out of concern for young people, he claims
Paul Ryan says Obamacare robs people of 'the dignity of work.' Why didn't that apply to Ann Romney?
Paul Ryan says Republicans want another debt-ceiling hostage crisis
Paul Ryan says men in 'inner cities' aren't 'even thinking about working'
Paul Ryan starts budget negotiations by going after Social Security and Medicare
Paul Ryan takes aim at the '47 percent,' again
Paul Ryan tells us how great he is
Paul Ryan's brown bag lunch story wasn't entirely untrue. Just the part that mattered.
Paul Ryan's secret love affair with Obamacare
Paul Ryan: Budget negotiations are for cutting federal pensions, not corporate tax loopholes
Paul Ryan: Poor kids should go hungry so they know they're loved
Paved with good intentions: The folly of 'open' electoral primaries
Pawlenty distances GOP from tea party? Sorry fella, they're in charge.
Pay Congress minimum wage
Paycheck swipe
Peace Turkeys
Peak water is here
Peggy Noonan will be propping up IRS 'scandal' for next hundred years
Pelosi on whether House Dems will back Syria attack: 'I don't know'
Pelosi warns Boehner against making a farm bill-sized mistake on immigration reform legislation
Pelosi, Reid slam Boehner's reckless effort to sabotage deal to end shutdown, avoid default
Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett's fast food socialism
Pennsylvania judge halts same-sex marriage licenses
Pennsylvania judge strikes down state's voter ID law
Pennsylvania welfare secretary 'rethinking' test that blocked 111,000 from food stamps
Pennsylvania will avert food stamp cuts in a surprise move from Corbett
Penny wise and pound foolish: Volcano monitoring another sequester victim
Pentagon lobbies hard to be allowed to keep failing on military sexual assault
Pentagon releases its version of 'Arctic Strategy,' mostly boilerplate
Pentagon to extend benefits to gay spouses
Pentagon unveils new sexual assault policies, but Congress will need to force the next step
People unemployed for six months or more face serious discrimination
People, let's give the Ted Cruz not-a-filibuster the respect it deserves!
Perhaps 'support the troops' should include paying them
Perks of being a Senate staffer: Free sleeping lessons
Perry on minimum wage: 'Leave it up to every company to make that decision'
Petition to allow Alaska to rejoin Russia garners 17,000 signatures
Pew poll: Obamacare still confuses, but few support Republican sabotage
Pew poll: People still don't like Republicans
Pew: 48% of Americans oppose airstrikes on Syria, with only 29% in favor. 54% want U.N. resolution
Pew: More than half of Americans say household incomes have 'hardly recovered' from Great Recession
Pew: Social Security, safety net spending far more critical than deficit
Pew: Tea-party Republicans have a far more negative view of gov't agencies than other Republicans
Philadelphia Republican: 'Governor, you created this mess' in city's schools
Philadelphia launches assault on public education with school closings and layoffs
Philadelphia mayor still blaming teachers for funding crisis created by Republican governor
Philadelphia parent: 'Massive budget cuts starve our kids of the education they deserve'
Philadelphia school layoffs are endangering students' college prospects
Philadelphia school nurse layoffs may have led to sixth-grader's death
Philadelphia schools will open on time, but they're not out of danger
Photo of the day
Picking up the pieces: A rundown of a wild election night
Pigs fly: Fox News reports on the consequences of climate change
Pizza Hut manager fired for refusing to open on Thanksgiving
Plan to streamline union elections makes a comeback at labor board
Play 'Name That Health Care Debacle!'
Playing whack-a-mole: Obamacare 'horror' stories
Poison pill in House debt limit plan would be a hostage taker's dream
PolitiFact unravels the mysteries of what 'growing' and 'shrinking' mean
PolitiFact. Sigh.
Political Entertainment Complex
Political ambitions motivate Republicans in Texas abortion fight
Political geography: What if Appalachia were its own state?
Politico media critic defends 'neighborhood watchman ... suspected of having killed Trayvon Martin'
Politico uncovers the real reason Washington is broken
Politico wonders why traditional media isn't covering good Obamacare news
Politico writer says let the market, not government, stop discrimination
Politico: Conservatives are at war
Politico: Florida Republican Rep. Trey Radel was arrested last month for cocaine possession
Politico: House Republicans are too busy to deal with immigration reform
Politico: If House Republicans cave on debt limit, 'Obama may have little choice but to accept'
Poll again shows majority of Americans think 13-year Afghanistan war was not worth fighting
Poll finds strong support for raising the minimum wage
Poll: 60% of Americans approve of interim nuclear pact with Iran, but only 47% think it will work
Poll: 79% want congressional approval before bombing Syria
Poll: 80% say government shutdown threats are unacceptable
Poll: @LOLGOP leads Republican congressman in Michigan Senate race
Poll: America not interested in Obamacare repeal
Poll: Americans want Republicans to stop their war on Obamacare
Poll: Americans want the government to fight inequality
Poll: Arizona Republicans want Brewer to veto anti-gay bill
Poll: Bridge scandal takes toll on Christie popularity in New Jersey
Poll: Christie approval rating at all-time low in New Jersey
Poll: Congress should focus on jobs and also jobs
Poll: Everybody hates Congress
Poll: Give us congressional hearings on NSA surveillance
Poll: IRS investigation important, but not as important as jobs
Poll: Keep Obamacare, fix it, and shut up about&nbspit!
Poll: Majority supports legal abortion, opposes state restrictions ... with one incoherent exception
Poll: More uninsured view Obamacare favorably
Poll: Obamacare rebounds to pre-rollout numbers
Poll: People confused about Obamacare, but are willing to live with it
Poll: Public believes GOP making excuses to block immigration reform
Poll: Public hates everyone in Washington, most of all the GOP
Poll: Raising the minimum wage is more popular than capitalism
Poll: Repeal Congress, not Obamacare
Poll: Republican brand suffers in Ohio. Residents don't like Boehner and nix Kasich for prez in 2016
Poll: Republicans don't want Christie to run in 2016
Poll: Shutting down government over Obamacare really, really unpopular
Poll: Small business owners want a $10.10 minimum wage
Poll: Tea party approves Republican shutdown, everyone else disapproves
Poll: Voters say their view of Christie hasn't changed, but he now loses to Clinton by 13
Poll: Voters want unemployment aid extended and minimum wage raised
Poll: Whose fault is a shutdown? Silly question.
Polling for Bush's Medicare drug plan suggests brighter future for Obamacare
Poor and hungry? You must be on drugs
Poor babies are no World War II Memorial when it comes to Republican shutdown outrage
Port Authority abolishes position created for traffic-snarling Christie aide
Port Authority study supported Hoboken project at center of allegation
Post-nuclear option judicial fights heating up
Potato farmers tell pregnant women to load up on potatoes. Congress agrees
Premiums going up in Texas? Blame Rick Perry
President McCain reveals his Obamacare replacement plan
President McCain says Democrats will be sorry they ended judicial filibusters
President Obama addresses Trayvon Martin killing
President Obama agrees to UN discussions on chemical weapons deal
President Obama announces NSA reforms
President Obama apology a very big mistake
President Obama could pardon the Pardon Attorney
President Obama delivers State of the Union address #1
President Obama delivers State of the Union address #2
President Obama delivers State of the Union address #3
President Obama delivers State of the Union address #4
President Obama delivers State of the Union address #5
President Obama exposed to disgusting rash on 'Between Two Ferns'
President Obama gives statement on Syria
President Obama highlights middle class savings under Obamacare
President Obama hits Russia with more sanctions over Crimea
President Obama holds press conference on shutdown, debt limit #2
President Obama holds press conference on shutdown, debt limit
President Obama imposes 'most comprehensive' sanctions on Russia since the Cold War ended
President Obama makes statement from White House on shutdown and Obamacare
President Obama makes statement on budget situation
President Obama meets with Pope Francis
President Obama must seize the moment on Iran
President Obama names the first five 'Promise Zones' and explains his hopes for their success
President Obama narrowing in on NSA reforms
President Obama orders the federal government to get 20% of its energy from renewables by 2020
President Obama outlines growing threat of climate change in weekly address
President Obama outlines second-term economic agenda: 'A Better Bargain for the Middle Class'
President Obama outlines second-term economic agenda: 'A Better Bargain for the Middle Class' #2
President Obama praises Michael Sam's courage; Survey indicates tolerant attitude among NFL players
President Obama press conference
President Obama press conference #2
President Obama pushes for unemployment benefits extension
President Obama remarks on Affordable Care Act implementation
President Obama responds to GOP debt limit blackmail: 'I will not negotiate'
President Obama says it's time for Congress to pass commonsense immigration reform
President Obama shakes hands with President Castro at Mandela service. Right wing has memory lapse
President Obama speaks about Obamacare in Massachusetts
President Obama speaks after Senate shutdown and debt limit vote
President Obama speaks on Nelson Mandela's passing
President Obama speaks on situation in Egypt
President Obama speaks on student loans
President Obama statement on filibuster rules change
President Obama statement on fix for health plan cancellations, #2
President Obama statement on fix for health plan cancellations, #3
President Obama stresses the economic importance of immigration reform in weekly address
President Obama suggests Voting Rights Act can't be fixed, but calls for new voting rights measure
President Obama to speak on reported Iran nuclear deal
President Obama will announce spying reforms—NSA probably already knows what they are
President Obama's 'outside expert' surveillance board packed with insiders
President Obama's address on Syria
President Obama's address on Syria #2
President Obama's climate change speech may hint at possible Keystone XL pipeline rejection
President Obama's remarks at funeral of Nelson Mandela
President Obama, congressional Democrats push FCC on net neutrality
President Obama: 'Lives have been saved' by NSA surveillance
President Obama: 'Time to Pass Bipartisan Legislation to Extend Emergency Unemployment Insurance'
President Obama: A grand bargain for middle-class jobs
President Obama: House student loan bill 'isn't smart and it's not fair'
President Obama: Passing a budget that reflects our priorities
President Rubio? Not so fast.
President calls GOP and insurance companies' bluff
Presidents McCain and Romney mock France
Pressure building in handful of Medicaid rejectionist states
Pretty little ladies agree: Republican outreach is awesome!
Preventing a shutdown would take just 17 Republicans
Preventing black lung? Not at the cost of coal company profits, says Kentucky Republican
Previewing November: Election Day in New Jersey and Virginia
Priebus admits Republicans can't handle presidential primary debates
Priebus: GOP immigration policy 'horrific' and 'hurts us'
Primary night in Texas: A pollster post-mortem after the first election night of the 2014 cycle
Priorities USA embraces Hillary, Obama 2012 campaign manager takes organization's helm
Prism complex
Prison privatization: time to end the excesses
Prison, border guards required to work without pay during House tantrum
Privacy is what the intelligence chiefs say it is
Privatization of weather and climate data: What could possibly go wrong?
Pro Publica reveals another example of how Karl Rove built his taxpayer-subsidized political machine
Pro-Summers pushback suggests Summers supporters don't understand how sexism works
Pro-gun group knows just what needy kids need at Christmas: Toy guns
Probably not the headlines Chris Christie was hoping for
Productivity growth rises to four-year high. Wages don't
Progress for women is stalled at the top of top American companies
Progressive Caucus rolls out website as part of its 'Better Off Budget' campaign. Check it out
Progressivism in America: Are We Opening a New Chapter in Our Book of Self-Government?
Proof of PRISM's existence: Yahoo's resistance in court
Prop 8 Personal Injury
Prop 8 is dead, but not for the reason you'd want.
Properly pure House conservatives form new 'Liberty Caucus'
Prosecution likely to rest its case in Zimmerman trial today. (But it didn't)
Prosecution: Evidence shows George Zimmerman spun 'a tangled web of lies' after slaying teenager
Prosecutor: Trayvon Martin is dead because George Zimmerman wrongly profiled him as 'up to no good'
Prospects for NSA reforms not dead yet
Prospects good for key Senate vote on immigration reform
Psst, Republicans: Plenty of your voters are unemployed, too
Public Policy Polling confirms that Arizona's race for governor is a sleeper worth watching
Public knows Republican obstruction is the problem
Public programs saved 40 million Americans from poverty in 2011
Public still unsure about Obamacare, but still want it to continue
Pushing for new sanctions on Iran, at a moment of historic diplomatic breakthrough, is fomenting war
Put American-made gifts under the Christmas tree without making yourself nuts
Put a panel on it
Putin sings to Crimea, 'You're back in the USSR, you don't know how lucky you are, boys'
Putin: We should take advantage of Syria's willingness to give up the weapons they didn't use
Putting 'rate shock' into perspective
Putting Syria's chemical arms under international control in the midst of war would be a tall order
Quinnipiac poll: Chris Christie a hot politician but not among Republicans, Democratic women do well
REPUBLICANADO!
RIP, Grand Bargain?
RNC gets out of ad biz, wants to focus on data
RNC pinching pennies in anti-Obamacare ads?
RNC threatens to nix 2016 primary debates on CNN, NBC and MSNBC
RNC votes to refuse NBC, CNN debates unless they kill Clinton-themed films
Race Relations
Race and murder in America from the time of Jefferson Davis to Jordan Davis
Racial disparities hit four-year-olds in preschool
Racism and 'The Talk'
Racism and the 'War on Weed'
Racist, sexist New York Post front page goes full 'Hey, where the white women at?' on Obama
Radical extremist Roberts 5 strikes down Voting Rights Act
Radio host Michael Medved: No state has ever banned gay marriage. 'That is a liberal lie.'
Radio host recounts terrifying story of being exposed to televised gay chef
Rafael Cruz is an avowed creationist
Ragingly dishonest climate change denial rant by Ed Rogers in Washington Post
Raising the Medicare eligibility age an even worse idea than we already knew
Raising the minimum wage benefits millions ... Republicans are against that
Raising the minimum wage is hugely popular, and it's going to be an issue in 2014
Raising the minimum wage is hugely popular, but Republicans are standing in the way
Ralph Reed, Bobby Jindal compare Obama administration to George Wallace and segregation
Rand Paul absolutely, positively did not plagiarize Ted Cruz's schedule
Rand Paul and the amazing miraculous patented policy show
Rand Paul asks Americans to form alliance with Assad regime
Rand Paul can't believe President Obama hasn't poll-tested the shutdown
Rand Paul celebration of new GOP outreach effort a bit devoid of outreach
Rand Paul compares not getting his way to Jim Crow and internment camps
Rand Paul continues to be obsessed with 1990s Bill Clinton
Rand Paul defends hiring 'Southern Avenger' aide, says he has 'zero tolerance' for discrimination
Rand Paul dispenses free political advice to Democrats on Bill Clinton
Rand Paul explains Mitch McConnell endorsement: 'He asked me when there was nobody else in the race'
Rand Paul explains why both sides are losing the GOP civil war
Rand Paul is running for president. And whatever else you've got.
Rand Paul makes new argument for Mitch McConnell
Rand Paul on plagiarism: promises footnotes 'if it will make people leave me the hell alone'
Rand Paul places hold on Surgeon General nominee for making statements against gun violence
Rand Paul plagiarizes for Ken Cuccinelli
Rand Paul says he'd cancel Christmas over Yellen
Rand Paul says new voter laws aren't keeping blacks from voting. Riiiiight.
Rand Paul says there is no GOP war on women because Monica Lewinsky, so there
Rand Paul spreads lies about unemployment insurance
Rand Paul submits his first column to Breitbart.com
Rand Paul suing administration over NSA bulk collection program
Rand Paul thinks Milton Friedman still alive, wants him as Fed chair
Rand Paul wades into 2016 ... and 2016 wades into Rand Paul
Rand Paul will put hold on Janet Yellen nomination until he gets a vote on his audit-the-Fed bill
Rand Paul's bizarre, impossible Medicaid tale
Rand Paul's outreach coordinator declares 'holy war' on us
Rand Paul: GOP 'united' in view that 'raising the debt ceiling is bad'
Rand Paul: No one in Congress 'has a stronger belief in minority rights than I do'
Rand: 'Republicans won't win again in my lifetime for the presidency unless they become a new GOP'
Random slices of the local impact of the Republican shutdown
Ratcheting up the Syria hysteria
Rate shock or cooked books? How to parse Obamacare stories
Rats flee sinking ship
Read the 'books that shaped work in America'
Reagan OMB director: Republicans are ideological gangs
Real liberals in the media must stop hyperventilating
Really, Harry? Reid 'happy to take a look' at vote on 20-week abortion ban
Really, House Republicans? Light bulbs? Again?
Really, House Republicans? More repeal votes?
Rebrand all you want, but the Republican base still demands extremism
Recalls in two weeks, NRA smells blood
Red state Senate Democrats propose Obamacare fixes
Red-state Democrats push for unemployment aid
Reed, Blumenthal propose to stop tax subsidies of 'performance-based' pay for corporate execs
Reid 'not afraid to go further' on filibuster reform, says Senate aide
Reid accuses CIA of intimidation, orders review of spying charges
Reid and Pelosi support ENDA executive order for federal contractors
Reid announces intention to break the filibuster today
Reid calls out Boehner's ENDA claims as 'untrue' and 'callous'
Reid drops IMF reforms from Ukraine aid bill
Reid is meeting with McConnell, but rejects concessions on shutdown or debt limit
Reid laughs at idea that GOP will block more post-nuclear option
Reid makes Boehner an offer: Reopen government, and then let's talk
Reid readying for next round in filibuster fight
Reid refuses McConnell offer to drop nuclear option
Reid reportedly ready to file cloture on controversial nominees
Reid reveling in role as Koch enemy number 1
Reid sets cloture vote on 'border surge' plan on Monday, setting stage for final passage next week
Reid sets up next move in filibuster fight
Reid tells Republicans to be reasonable or deal with the consequences
Reid to Republicans: If you don't want the rules change, stop filibustering
Reid to allow a 'reasonable number of relevant amendments' on unemployment aid
Reid to push multiple nominees before August recess
Reid's opposition to fast-tracking Trans-Pacific Partnership gives foes time to fight trade deal
Reid, Leahy reiterate nuclear option threat over DC Circuit nominees
Reid, McConnell spar on the Senate floor over filibuster
Reid, McConnell take the filibuster to 'Meet the Press'
Reid: Social Security cuts for defense sequester relief would be a 'stupid trade'
Reince Priebus bravely demands President Barack Obama stop spreading his 'culture of hatred'
Reince Priebus declares MSNBC to be 'on probation'
Reince Priebus on Hillary Clinton: 'Everything's on the table'
Reince Priebus on hiring 23-year-old to work at GOP HQ: 'Today's announcement is groundbreaking'
Reince Priebus says the Republican Party should get credit for passing immigration reform
Reince Priebus wins Twitter #Benghazistyle
Reince boldly decides RNC members should march more, talk less
Rejected by Christie, New Jersey minimum wage increase goes to the voters
Relationship talk
Release of Keystone XL environmental impact statement kindles protests in more than 275 cities today
Release the friggin' torture report
Religious right out with 'Marriage Solidarity Statement' vowing to keep fighting marriage equality
Religious right to Republican Party: Don't ever stop the War on Women
Relive 2013 ... to the tune of Billy Joel
Remember David Vitter's hookers? Senate Dems do.
Remember when reapportionment would help Republicans?
Remembering Nelson Mandela and his fight for climate justice
Reminder for people getting those letters from their insurers: You're not their captive anymore
Reminder for would-be grand bargainers: Social Security works
Reminding voters who caused the shutdown, one Republican district at a time
Rep. Barbara Lee and 53 other Democrats sign letter to Obama urging debate on Syria
Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers says Democrats are 'hostile to American values'
Rep. Dan Webster compares Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to the 'Gestapo'
Rep. Dana Rohrabacher competes in crowded field for dumbest climate-change denier in Congress
Rep. Darrell Issa is very bad at his job
Rep. Jack Kingston still defending his child labor proposals
Rep. John Dingell to retire after 58 years in Congress
Rep. John Lewis to fast food strikers: 'Sometime you have to find a way to get in the way'
Rep. Justin Amash: That pre-existing condition ban wasn't so bad
Rep. Kenny Marchant against immigration reform because the immigrants might vote against him
Rep. Kevin McCarthy: 'If I could murder one member ...'
Rep. Lamar Smith: Cut Social Security or da science program gets it
Rep. Louie Gohmert says John McCain 'supported al Qaeda'
Rep. Louie Gohmert says that in Soviet Russia, sex educates you
Rep. Markwayne Mullin lives in a different reality than the rest of us
Rep. Michael Grimm fundraises off one-day-old Syria flip-flop
Rep. Michele Bachmann declares that we are in the End Times: 'His day is at hand.'
Rep. Michele Bachmann says 'spanking the president' will take away his 'magic wand,' so there's that
Rep. Michele Bachmann says Obama is 'rewriting the Constitution'
Rep. Mike Kelly sees a black president who 'divides us on race'
Rep. Neugebauer blames park ranger for shutdown, gets blasted by onlookers
Rep. Paul Broun makes aggressive bid for stupidest shutdown claim
Rep. Paul Ryan is a very stupid man
Rep. Peter King laying groundwork for presidential run? Be still my heart.
Rep. Peter King puts a 'knife in the back' of his constituents
Rep. Phil Gingrey is 'stuck here' in Congress making only $172,000 a year
Rep. Phil Gingrey: Gay marriage shows need to teach school kids proper gender roles?
Rep. Scott DesJarlais goes for the bigot vote. Nobody tell Reince Priebus.
Rep. Steve King asks Obama to have a clown summit
Rep. Steve King continues to be a horrible person
Rep. Steve King declares victory on immigration non-reform
Rep. Steve King lets his racist flag fly, yet again
Rep. Steve King still believes in the Iraqi uranium fairy
Rep. Steve King warns immigrants come from 'violent' civilizations
Rep. Steve Pearce: 'The wife is to voluntarily submit ...'
Rep. Ted Yoho complains that he needs to be 'schooled'. We agree.
Rep. Trent Franks fundraises off his statement dismissing rape victims
Rep. Trent Franks is no Todd Akin. He might be worse, though.
Rep. Trey Radel to resign following cocaine scandal
Rep. Trey Radel, now reformed, returns to the House
Report for July weaker than expected with 162,000 jobs added. Jobless rate falls to 7.4%. U6 at 14%
Report: Boehner 'holding firm' on shutdown, won't allow vote on clean CR
Report: CO2 emissions rise. Cost of delay in acting on climate change beyond 2020? $3.5 trillion
Report: Feds subpoena Christie's Port Authority chairman in conflict of interest investigation
Report: GOP hopes to avoid 2016 clown show by holding convention in June
Report: Obama and Rouhani may be ready for historic handshake next week
Report: Obama didn't know NSA was spying on world leaders
Reporters Without Borders: United States plummets in Press Freedom Index
Reporters: Most Supreme Court justices view Massachusetts' abortion clinic buffer zones skeptically
Reports: Boehner privately says he will let Democrats raise the debt limit
Reports: Boehner trying to blink on debt limit, at least for a few weeks
Reports: House Republicans will drop food stamps from farm bill
Reports: Negotiators nearing modest budget deal, unemployment insurance extension unresolved
Reproductive rights advocates place hope in federal court to overturn Texas anti-abortion law
Republican 'outreach efforts' doomed
Republican 2014 plan: Do nothing and hope voters forget about the shutdown
Republican AGs defending Obamacare against Obama?
Republican Congressman 'clarifies' remarks about making poor kids work for food
Republican Doomsday Cult
Republican Gov. Deal trying to kill Medicaid expansion in Georgia forever
Republican Governors Association lying about Medicaid expansion
Republican Mark Obenshain will reportedly concede Virginia attorney general's race
Republican Obamacare obstruction, in one chart
Republican Obamacare sabotage efforts focused where need is greatest
Republican Rep. Gary Miller will retire, giving Democrats a likely pickup
Republican Response(s) #1
Republican Response(s) #2
Republican Sen. Pat Roberts admits his Kansas 'residence' is a time-share in a La-Z-Boy
Republican Senate candidate is pro-machine-guns in schools
Republican Senate candidate rips Republican Senate committee for ripping Democratic senator
Republican Senate candidate says Planned Parenthood is planning to kill your three-month-old babies
Republican Senate hopeful forged a Navy memo to defend landing his crippled spy plane in China
Republican Senator wants U.S. military commitment to Afghanistan, even without bilateral agreement
Republican Texas Lt. Governor hopeful to President Obama: 'Come and take it.'
Republican alternatives
Republican assault on the American fabric a successful strategy so far
Republican attempt to defund Obamacare makes them just like Rosa Parks, say Republicans
Republican bill would cost 1 million workers their health coverage
Republican bill would kick 170,000 veterans off of food stamps
Republican campaigners adding tax issue to their anti-abortion framing for the 2014 midterms
Republican candidate E.W. Jackson says non-Christians are engaged in 'false religion'
Republican candidate blames loss on shutdown ... that he supported
Republican candidates reveal the real reason you're pro-choice
Republican civil war over Medicaid expansion spills over into Nebraska
Republican civil war rages on. Could both sides please lose already?
Republican civil war, 2016, and the conservative grift machine
Republican committee responsible for sabotaging Obamacare grills Sebelius
Republican compares shutdown to the Civil War ... and they're the Confederacy
Republican congressman Peter King calls for prosecution of Glenn Greenwald
Republican congressman admits he's a pro-shutdown lemming after all
Republican congressman dares suggest improving Obamacare
Republican congressman: 'You could probably get the votes in the House' to impeach the president
Republican congressman: I'm not an idiot, I'm a liar
Republican congressman: It's Ted Cruz's fault we're idiots
Republican congresswoman pleased that her party is 'changing hearts and minds' on abortion
Republican consultants seek new generation of wealthy benefactors
Republican court hearing challenge to Texas abortion restrictions
Republican defectors working with White House on grand bargain
Republican efforts to sabotage Obamacare continues
Republican food stamp starvation bill would shift administrative costs to the states
Republican fracture in Arkansas grows over Medicaid expansion
Republican government in Indiana cooks Obamacare books
Republican governor hires crazy person, which I admit is not really a new thing at this point
Republican governors still playing with people's lives over Medicaid expansion
Republican governors take critical care away from everyone by refusing Medicaid expansion
Republican hack Brad Dayspring disses Republican poll as 'written in crayon'
Republican idea of compromise summarized perfectly in one tweet
Republican incoherence on immigration, nicely summarized
Republican ladies' outreach specialist blatantly unprepared for equal pay question
Republican leader aborts agenda for the day to whine about job creation
Republican leaders asked to speak at March on Washington anniversary, declined
Republican lobbyist drafts bill barring 'self-declared homosexual football players' from NFL teams
Republican logic
Republican nightmare begins: Obamacare is 'a godsend' for people getting coverage
Republican obstruction leading to mini-diplomatic crises
Republican obstruction led to delays, but not anti-worker labor board nominees
Republican overreach on curbing abortion could damage their 2014 chances, some Democrats say
Republican parents vote for Obamacare with their wallets
Republican picks for Texas lieutenant governor all want creationism taught in schools
Republican plan: Audit rape victims, don't protect pregnant workers
Republican rebranding fail, continued: Congressman calls immigrants 'takers' at anti-reform rally
Republican rebranding fail, continued: House set to vote on abortion ban
Republican rebranding fail, continued: The new nopology
Republican rebranding fail, presented by House Majority Leader Eric Cantor
Republican rebranding update: Screw rebranding, 2016 is here
Republican repeal conundrum gets more complicated by the day
Republican representative wants to end federal funding of members' health insurance
Republican responses on unemployment aid: Laughter and 'asinine' charges
Republican reversals on judicial nominees stymies White House
Republican revisionist history, budget edition
Republican savaged over shutdown in two new polls
Republican says poor children should be required to work for food
Republican scramble to distance themselves from Arizona discrimination bill begins
Republican senator after hearing State of the Union: 'The world is literally about to blow up'
Republican senator blocks budget conference committee
Republican senators discover they got nothing in nuclear option 'deal'
Republican senators stunned to learn that Ted Cruz broke his promise to them
Republican shutdown almost keeps fines for Texas fertilizer explosion out of the news
Republican shutdown already impacting religious charities
Republican shutdown continues
Republican shutdown could cost millions of veterans their disability pay
Republican shutdown is not playing well in Peoria. Or Kansas City. Or Sacramento. Or ...
Republican shutdown leads to canceled blood drives
Republican shutdown may cost troops promotions and hazard pay
Republican shutdown may nix BLS job report. ADP says 166,000 private-sector jobs added in September
Republican shutdown will cost the economy $300 million a day
Republican state lawmakers still refusing to assist constituents with Obamacare
Republican threats over Volkswagen union vote have their intended effect
Republican votes would be there to reopen government, if they weren't such cowards
Republican war against consumers continues in Cordray hearing
Republican who voted for shutdown: 'I need my paycheck.' Does she think Head Start teachers don't?
Republican-forced government shutdown generates another day of pain for Americans
Republicans 'didn't want a government shutdown'? Bull pucky.
Republicans 'reflect,' but won't act, on the memory of Martin Luther King, Jr.
Republicans (fail to) do it again: Transportation and housing bill collapses with a THUD
Republicans add 'Student Success Act' to list of Orwellian bill names
Republicans alarmed at current terrible crop of candidates, Georgia edition
Republicans applaud Capitol police, but keep them from being paid
Republicans are angry about the poor getting food ... so, who are these people?
Republicans are anti-religion, according to their own logic
Republicans are distancing themselves from Chris Christie ... and it's all the Democrats' fault!
Republicans are even more screwed than you thought
Republicans attack Obama budget over Social Security cuts, except this time it's for not having them
Republicans believe rich people just work harder. So how do they explain these statistics?
Republicans blame Democrats for Republican obsession with sex
Republicans celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month: Here, have a video
Republicans chicken out on tax reform
Republicans come up with the wrong solution to the right problem
Republicans continue efforts to suppress the vote in places where it will do them the most good
Republicans continue pretending they'll get something beyond public blame for debt limit games
Republicans continue tradition of dragging people from their deathbed
Republicans decide they need a poll to find out whether a shutdown would be a political disaster
Republicans demand cuts as price of even a three-month unemployment aid extension
Republicans demand unbiased investigation into why their conspiracy theories are definitely right
Republicans denying health care to thousands of veterans
Republicans ditching religious right, claims Freedomworks
Republicans dodge on yet another immigration reform idea
Republicans dodging town halls, upsetting the professional 'base'
Republicans eager to increase share of white vote. But how?
Republicans either support immigration reform, or they kiss Texas goodbye
Republicans embrace civil war
Republicans even stupider than imagined, disenfranchise own voters
Republicans expected to block unemployment aid
Republicans explain how their shutdown could be good politics. LOL.
Republicans feel a need to train their men to talk to women
Republicans finally admit the obvious: It's THEIR shutdown
Republicans finally have an Obamacare replacement: Tax cuts
Republicans finally have to face Obamacare reality
Republicans force black, brown, female and poor to pay an opportunity premium
Republicans frantically whipping votes for divided farm bill
Republicans get ready to break out the debt ceiling white flags, probably
Republicans get serious about climate change? Maybe
Republicans give Harry Reid more ammunition to break the filibuster
Republicans give themselves sensitivity training on unemployment
Republicans go from 'repeal it' to 'fix it'
Republicans hatch innovative plan to rebrand and beat Hillary: Calling her old
Republicans have a dream
Republicans have been 'pretty reasonable' says Republican who still hasn't voted to end shutdown
Republicans hit another record low
Republicans hope you won't notice that they just blocked jobless aid for 1.4 million
Republicans in disarray over giving up Obamacare debt ceiling hostage, defaulting
Republicans kill unemployment benefits for 1.7 million Americans. Twice.
Republicans likely to be hammered by Latino media. But will they care?
Republicans losing today isn't enough. Let's punish them at ballot box
Republicans love Batkid, but they don't want him to have health care coverage
Republicans might be talking 'fix it' now, but they haven't abandoned their Obamacare war
Republicans might have new idea for a debt ceiling ransom failure
Republicans never demanded Obamacare repeal, says Republican who demanded 'getting rid of Obamacare'
Republicans offer details on plan to starve American citizens
Republicans outraged at delay of military death benefits they caused
Republicans pin their hopes on abortion data. So can we.
Republicans planning three separate responses to State of the Union speech
Republicans politicize Obamacare glitch leaving fire departments in limbo
Republicans predict Paul Ryan will pass on 2016
Republicans prepare to re-defund non-existent ACORN. Again.
Republicans pretend to care about people who can't get health insurance
Republicans pretend to not be scared of Brian Schweitzer
Republicans put red state hospitals at risk
Republicans rally against Obama effort to shut down the government
Republicans reach out to lobbyists, don't want to talk about their shutdown
Republicans ready to shut down the government ... and while they're at it, take away birth control
Republicans rethinking one of their few ideas for health reform
Republicans say 'school choice' but they mean privatization
Republicans say they've figured out how to win in 2014
Republicans see 2016 in Cuccinelli's fate
Republicans shift focus to debt limit
Republicans show no sign of backing down on judicial nominations
Republicans sink, Obamacare rises
Republicans spur progressive movement in Texas by middle class and poor
Republicans squirm over Arizona anti-gay bill
Republicans still being dicks on immigration
Republicans still can't get their stuff together on immigration
Republicans still flogging health insurance cancellation issue
Republicans still floundering on debt ceiling
Republicans still looking to take birth control hostage in shutdown and debt limit negotiations
Republicans struggle to explain why they haven't acted on immigration reform
Republicans stuck in President Obama's eleventy billion dimensional trap, immigration reform edition
Republicans suck, so let's beat some next week
Republicans support 'bailout' for private Medicare insurers
Republicans take another post-shutdown polling hit
Republicans target young women voters. Again.
Republicans threaten debt ceiling hostage-taking that could raise your insurance premiums
Republicans throw kitchen sink at Landrieu, but what's missing? Guns
Republicans to Reid: Go nuclear and we'll shoot all the hostages
Republicans to block another judicial nominee Tuesday
Republicans to investigate why their shutdown caused memorials to be shut down
Republicans to mark anniversary of March on Washington with a crawl
Republicans to take votes 38 and 39 on Obamacare repeal
Republicans try out a weak spin on Cory Booker's New Jersey Senate victory
Republicans try to solve their War on Women problem by attacking Hillary over Lewinsky affair
Republicans unveil Obamacare replacement plan: Everybody pays more
Republicans use farm bill to lay the groundwork for massive food stamp cuts
Republicans using last week before August recess to pound on administration over regulations
Republicans vote to deport DREAMers
Republicans vs. Reality on debt ceiling/default
Republicans want our air and water to look like China's
Republicans want to dial back the 'war on women' talk ... by focusing on abortion
Republicans want to make real war on Christmas by rejecting renewal of jobless benefit extensions
Republicans were dead-enders then, they're dead-enders now
Republicans, and Manchin and King, filibuster low student loan interest rates
Republicans, food stamps, and the permanent underclass
Republicans: While we're at it, let's just throw Social Security into the ransom note
Resolved: The tanning bed tax is racist against pasty people
Responsible gun owners are safe because they know what they're—oops! BLAM! GunFAIL XLIV
Rest assured about PRISM: Bush says he 'put that program in place to protect the country'
Retailers experience a shrinking middle class
Retirees could face pension cuts under plan being considered by Congress
Retiring from Congress doesn't mean you have to stop fundraising
Return of the Invisible Hand
Reverse mortgages: The final blow killing middle class wealth
Review group recommends curbs to NSA
Revival of a Republican trend: Calling the unemployed lazy drug addicts
Rich Lowry says Hillary Clinton is 'playing the race card' for condemning new voting restrictions
Rich congressman makes a funny about working at Walmart
Rich people trying to secede from poor, majority-black Baton Rouge school system
Rich white kids: The wave of the charter school future?
Richard Cohen airs his hurt fee-fees: 'The word racist is truly hurtful'
Richard Cohen reveals that Hillary Clinton is a woman
Richard Cohen: Steubenville rape wasn't rape because Miley Cyrus is tasteless
Richard Cordray has been confirmed to lead the CFPB
Rick Perry attacks Wendy Davis in abortion fight
Rick Perry begging for Obamacare even as he maligns it
Rick Perry booed on Jimmy Kimmel Show at SXSW
Rick Perry calls Texas legislature back to push clinic-closing bill through
Rick Perry forgets where he is
Rick Perry jumps on the Obamacare sabotage bandwagon
Rick Perry makes case for Rick Perry 2016: 'Listen, America's been a country of second choices'
Rick Perry signs Texas anti-abortion bill
Rick Perry's new eyeglasses to make appearance in Iowa next week
Rick Perry, Texas' Lonely Ranger!
Rick Perry: Talking about equal pay is 'nonsense'
Rick Santorum goes all radical socialist on Mitt Romney's campaign
Rick Santorum says he's 'open' to running for president
Rick Santorum takes job as CEO of faith-based motion picture company
Rick Santorum wants you to see his new studio's movie because that'd really tick the Devil off
Rick Scott vetoes hugely popular immigrant driver license bill
Right spends $10 million in 2013 advertising to keep people uninsured
Right to Life chapters sue to prevent Medicaid expansion in Ohio
Right-WingLandia
Right-wing Christians in Congress forget Jesus' rule of feeding the hungry
Right-wing bigots up in arms over Super Bowl commercial. No, another one.
Right-wing clowns launch Dump McConnell website because apparently Mitch isn't crazy enough for them
Right-wing congressman seeking Senate seat decides banning contraception is a bad idea after all
Right-wing hypocrites call Sebelius, organ networks 'death panels'
Right-wing law prof's case against early voting
Right-wing myths about merit, money and morality
Right-wing truckers plan Beltway blockade until Benghazi Obamacare something
Righties furious with Chris Christie over 'conversion therapy' ban
Rightwing meltdown over MSNBC tweet leads to RNC boycott threats
Riled-up Republican racists rant over another African name
Riot police move into Taksim Square
Robertson on the Zimmerman verdict: 'Chill out'; 'justice has been served'
Rocky start to HealthCare.gov could erode support for law
Roger Ailes gets lifetime achievement award for wingnuttery
Rolling Stone cover featuring Boston bomber draws anger, controversy
Rolling in the New Year: 2014 edition
Romney 'cackled' at sight of 'Pufferfish' Christie without suit jacket
Romney blames Hillary for Ukraine
Romney transition team report turns out to be creepy and depressing
RomneyCare supporter Jim DeMint says Obamacare wasn't an isssue in 2012 because of Mitt Romney
Romneyland: We were right about everything!
Rooting for Mitch McConnell?
Rosa Parks—beyond the stereotype
Rose Bowl open thread
Round two from conservatives: Obamacare took my doctor away
Roundup: Reactions to Obama's remarks on Trayvon Martin
Rubbing salt in their wounds: Adding to our Virginia slate
Rubio backs constitutional amendment banning Obamacare mandate
Rubio in full waffle on immigration reform
Rubio still backtracking on abortion
Rubio still popular among Republicans despite supporting immigration reform
Rubio tries reverse psychology on his party's emotionally stunted base
Rumblings of a GOP minipunt
Rumsfeld charges that Obama isn't as good as a 'trained ape' on Afghanistan
Running on, not from, Obamacare
Rush Limbaugh already spinning Ken Cuccinelli's defeat
Rush Limbaugh and the long, sordid history of pitting whites against blacks in America
Rush Limbaugh compares Senate rules reform to rape
Rush Limbaugh defends Republican shutdown because Obama is black
Rush Limbaugh pouts about 'capitulation' of Republican Party
Rush Limbaugh thinks real lesson of Filner story is that people are too mean to Rush Limbaugh
Rush Limbaugh: If Christie was a true conservative, whether he lied 'wouldn't matter'
Russian parliament authorizes force in Ukraine; Military seizes Crimea
Ryan backtracks, claims obviously racial comments had 'nothing to do with race'
Ryan on budget deal: 'We're getting close'
Ryan wants entitlement cuts, Reid says 'no way'
Ryan: No, we really don't have an Obamacare replacement plan
SCOTUS hostile to administration in recess appointments case
SCOTUS: Hobby Lobby oral argument, first takes
SEIU to do Obamacare outreach in 14 states
SOPA: Bad ideas never really die
Saint Ayn Rand visits the day after Christmas!
Sallie Mae dumps ALEC after pressure from students
Sally Quinn's column is a setback for women everywhere
Same-sex married couples to get Social Security survivor benefits
San Diego mayor targeted military sexual assault survivors for unwanted advances
San Francisco BART workers strike
San Francisco's BART trains to run again thanks to 30-day contract extension
Sander Levin: Cutting off unemployment insurance would be 'a disservice to humanity'
Sanders wants to know if the NSA is spying on him
Santa Claus is on the move: Track him here!
Santa's intelligence task force
Santorum dismisses the middle class as 'Marxism talk'
Sarah Palin blasts Rubio, rallies the troops against immigration reform
Sarah Palin gets a new TV show. On the Sportsman Channel!
Sarah Palin honors Martin Luther King day by telling Barack Obama to stop 'playing the race card'
Sarah Palin open to notion of leaving GOP, forming her own party. One with blackjack, and ...
Sarah Palin returning to once again burn herself into your unwilling retinas
Sarah Palin still trying to be relevant
Sarah Palin sued for copyright infringement
Sarah Palin tries valiantly to answer a health care question
Sarah Palin's book tour seems designed to screw her party
Sarah Palin's new 'Murica show looks amazing
Saturday hate mail-a-palooza: a very crazy edition
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza:
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: "The Gays Ruined the Air Force" edition
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: 'Sesame Street is too gay' edition
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Back to hating Catholics
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Boehner's surrender
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Clinging to their Duck Dynasty
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Conservatives pine for communist president (seriously!)
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Did you know Chris Christie is fat?
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Don't tell a-holes not to be a-holes
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Ha ha ha ha ha Nuge!
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Heavens we're being maligned!
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: How do they REALLY feel about Chris Christie?
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: How's the GOP's savior looking these days?
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Ironclad proof that Obama is a communist!
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Losing heads over multiculturalism
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: MLK brings out the crazy
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Michelle's calls for healthy living just like Hitler, but with big butt
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Miley Cyrus!
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: More Republican on Republican violence
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Nice civil war you have going there!
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Not everyone loved Mandela
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: OF COURSE Obama cheated in 2012!
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Obama and Trayvon
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Obamacare and the inevitable demise of civilization
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Obamacare is so popular it's a failure
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Paying taxes on millions is tyranny!
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Racist Uncle Pat riles them up
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: So what do they think about us?
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Steve King and the melon-sized calves
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Still defending Zimmerman?
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Taunting the losers
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: The Obama-Bezos conspiracy
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: They hate Christie, but they hate the media ... so confusing!
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Those dirty, filthy 'science' people
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: Uncle Pat vs the Pope
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: WHY DOES DEMOCRACY WORK LIKE DEMOCRACY?
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: What if the Tea Party cut an ad?
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: exempting America from affordable health care
Saturday nutpick-a-palooza: women breadwinners and the end of civilization
Scalia, Supremes reject Arizona voter suppression attempt
Scalia’s word problem
Scandalmania, Obamacare edition
Scene of the crime
School Time Rock - "I'm Just a Law..."
School shooting in Colorado leaves two wounded, shooter dead
Schumer, Alexander team up to figure out how to pass stuff that doesn't matter much
Schweitzer passes on Senate run
Scientist: Carcinogenic formaldehyde found in WV drinking water source
Scientists, kids, cotton growers and seniors twist in the hot winds of Republican shutdown blather
Scott Brown answers carpetbagging concerns: 'You know, whatever'
Scott Brown defends against carpetbagging charges by noting he doesn't live in that state
Scott Brown draws armed protest in New Hampshire
Scott Brown for president
Scott Brown gets an awkward lesson about Obamacare
Scott Brown keeps national Republicans begging for a New Hampshire Senate run
Scott Walker admits committing voter fraud ... or he's a liar
Scott Walker attacked by protesters: Fact or fiction?
Scott Walker could be the poster boy for the GOP focus on vaginas over jobs
Scott Walker is just trying to avoid protest ... and he's signing a forced ultrasound bill?
Scott Walker is very sad that unemployed losers refuse to get a job
Scott Walker sent an email that would have unskewed the Romney campaign but Mitt didn't read it
Scott Walker still refusing to talk about private email system
Scott Walker versus Scott Walker
Scott Walker's Obamacare maneuvering
Scott Walker's poster boy for job creation is a sex offender and forger
Screw waiting, let's beat some Republicans now
Sean Hannity endorses Liz Cheney, explains why he's not voting for her
Sean Hannity proposes 'adopt-a-woman birth control program'
Sean Hannity the not-quite-birther and 'Kenya'
Seattle fast food workers strike, closing several stores
Sebelius defends navigators against Issa
Sebelius extends offer to Texas on Medicaid, Texas doesn't care
Sebelius takes responsibility for HealthCare.gov problems, weathers Republican attacks
Sebelius: 106,000 people enrolled in Obamacare, so far
Second New Mexico judge rules that counties must issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples
Secret FISA Court ruling: NSA illegally collected tens of thousands of domestic communications
Secret agent smartphone
Secret court allowed NSA wider NSA surveillance even after finding abuses
Secret court broadens NSA's powers, in secret
Secret poll tells Gov. Tom Corbett to blame Philadelphia teachers for his funding cuts
Secrets
See how this lady wants to rename ‘right to life’
See what this anti-choice protestor says about sex, babies and life
Seeking asylum from the U.S.
Sen. Blumenthal introducing bill to combat Republican state-based attacks on abortion access
Sen. Burr won't say why he's blocking a nominee he recommended
Sen. Coburn faux-apologizes for calling Senate Majority Leader Reid an 'asshole'
Sen. Cruz says Obama's promised sanctions veto could lead to Iran nuking New York, Los Angeles
Sen. David Vitter: Koch brothers 'most patriotic Americans in the history of the Earth'
Sen. Elizabeth Warren calls for the release of trade documents
Sen. Elizabeth Warren provides a good dose of sanity, reality
Sen. Frank Lautenberg dies at 89
Sen. Harkin, America demands you tell us which senator's constituents still find Obama 'exotic'
Sen. Inhofe brags that if Republicans retake the Senate, he'll be in charge of the environment again
Sen. Jeanne Shaheen's new GOP opponent blamed 'female-centric' economy for mass violence
Sen. Jeff Merkley on predatory lending, NSA surveillance
Sen. Jeff Merkley talks about the broken Senate and how to fix it
Sen. Jeff Merkley: GOP obstruction of judges is a 'pure assault'
Sen. Kay Hagan: North Carolina is 'not going to let the billionaire Koch brothers buy this seat'
Sen. Lindsey Graham draws another South Carolina challenger
Sen. Lindsey Graham: Ukraine 'started with Benghazi'
Sen. Manchin joins climate change denier Rep. Whitfield with bill to smash EPA emissions rules
Sen. Marco Rubio to fundraise for anti-gay 'conversion therapy' group
Sen. Mark Udall calls for gay veterans to get spousal benefits, wherever they live
Sen. McCain tries to school anti-Muslim Fox News. Good luck with that.
Sen. Merkley on liberty, Ted Kennedy, and the Employment Non-Discrimination Act
Sen. Mike Lee worries that delaying Obamacare rule will lead to single-payer health care
Sen. Pat Roberts' tea party challenger posts corpse pictures to Facebook
Sen. Rand Paul dismisses plagiarism charges, possibly because he does not know what it is
Sen. Rand Paul on plagiarism: 'Do I have to be in detention the rest of my career?'
Sen. Rand Paul, plagiarist, wants to challenge accusers to a duel ... but he won't
Sen. Saxby Chambliss says Obama drew Syria 'red line' because he didn't have a teleprompter
Sen. Ted Cruz to embattled group ALEC: 'Stand your ground'
Sen. Ted Cruz tries to be less insane. Let's watch.
Sen. Ted Cruz's immigrant dad was crooked law-breaker, which is almost as bad as being a senator
Sen. Ted Cruz, God and the government shutdown
Sen. Tom Coburn muses that Obama is 'perilously close' to impeachment
Sen. Warren and 6 others introduce bill barring employers from rejecting job seekers for bad credit
Sen.Warren's support for Janet Yellen over Larry Summers no surprise given her Main Street views
Senate Budget chair: 'We will not negotiate' on debt limit
Senate Conservatives Fund accuses Boehner of discrimination. Against conservatives.
Senate Democrats consider whether to save the national economy by going nuclear on filibuster
Senate Democrats plan all-nighter climate talk. Perhaps, someday, they can do this in prime time
Senate Democrats plan to call Republicans' debt ceiling bluff
Senate Democrats reject House GOP's latest extortion demands
Senate Democrats running on, not from, Obamacare
Senate Democrats see choice between Obamacare and 'Cruz Care' (aka repeal)
Senate Democrats trying—again—to pass unemployment aid
Senate Democrats united in raising debt ceiling
Senate Democrats' opposition to Larry Summers is a good sign
Senate Dems propose making McConnell debt limit plan permanent, so of course McConnell says 'no'
Senate Foreign Relations Committee passes Syria resolution
Senate GOP blows itself up. What the hell were they thinking?
Senate GOP chooses obstruction over helping the unemployed
Senate GOP fundraising lags, Ted Cruz ain't helping
Senate GOP hissy fit over nuclear option intensifies
Senate GOP meeting Tuesday to figure out how to block more nominees
Senate Judiciary Committee not happy with the NSA
Senate Minority Leader McConnell, please pick up the nearest leadership phone!
Senate Republican obstruction shuts down Judiciary Committee
Senate Republicans block bill raising debt limit through 2014
Senate Republicans block two unemployment aid bills
Senate Republicans divided on providing back pay to furloughed workers
Senate Republicans pretending they want to pass unemployment aid after blocking it
Senate Republicans reject budget negotiations for 21st time
Senate Republicans say they'll support aid for Ukraine ... as long as the Koch brothers get some too
Senate Republicans vote overwhelming against ENDA, but that's not enough for right-wing freakshow
Senate Republicans' latest filibuster last straw for Dianne Feinstein
Senate advances Ukraine aid, Russia sanctions bill
Senate approves Yellen, postpones vote on unemployment insurance extension
Senate approves omnibus package funding government for fiscal year 2014
Senate bill prohibiting job discrimination against gays and lesbians gets 51st cosponsor
Senate candidate and newest tea party heartthrob Chris McDaniel doesn't like your darn rap music
Senate committee approves ENDA with bipartisan vote
Senate committee takes up Ukrainian aid; McCain to travel there
Senate concludes full chamber caucus, details of McCain's 'deal' emerge
Senate could wrap up immigration bill today
Senate debate on military sexual assault begins; Gillibrand amendment picks up 52nd supporter
Senate gridlock: A Republican feature, not a bug
Senate has an unemployment deal, but a vote will have to wait
Senate invokes cloture on key immigration reform amendment
Senate kills the Republican House funding bill. It's Boehner's ball again.
Senate makes history, passes Employment Non-Discrimination Act
Senate minimum wage vote delayed thanks to Republican obstruction and weak Democrats
Senate passes Murray-Ryan budget
Senate passes immigration reform
Senate passes student loan interest rate bill to make students pay more
Senate pulls another all-nighter at GOP insistence; GOP doesn't show up
Senate reaches deal on Cordray, possibly on NLRB nominations
Senate reaches nominations deal, finally stops inflicting itself on nation for the holiday
Senate reaches unemployment aid deal
Senate reformers press intelligence chiefs on surveillance
Senate rejects House Republicans' conference demands
Senate rejects nominee to head Civil Rights Division because he got a convicted killer off death row
Senate set to have very busy week, if GOP allows it
Senate tax writers offer colleagues 50 years of secrecy
Senate tea partiers 'screwing' House GOP leadership
Senate to have Wednesday votes on Export-Import Bank head
Senate to hold cloture vote on food stamp-slashing farm bill
Senate to vote on Employment Non-Discrimination Act today
Senate to vote on long-term debt ceiling hike, while Senate GOP plots poison pills
Senate toes nuclear brink on ATF nomination
Senate votes on shutdown/debt ceiling deal
Senate votes to keep government open
Senate votes to move forward with immigration debate
Senate votes to slash food stamps
Senator: Topic of unemployment insurance extension has 'never come up' in GOP caucus
Senators introduce bill to reform security clearance process. When will they go after the contracts?
Senators ponder attaching deadline to Keystone XL decision, pipeline foes warn about 2014 election
Senators tell America, nothing to see here, move along
Senior Republican congressman admits that they might as well just go on permanent vacation
Sens. Jeff Merkley, Mark Udall, Ron Wyden strongly criticize domestic spying
Sens. Wyden and Udall: Post's NSA story the 'tip of the iceberg'
Sensible thinkers
Sequester cuts drain a little more justice out of the justice system
Sequester hurts American Indian mental health programs ... but that's not all
Sequester may force FBI into 10-day shutdown
Sequester threatens American scientific research for a generation
Sequester turns up the heat—literally—on federal workers
Sequester's Head Start cuts slam families and communities
Sequester's peril from the skies: Will it be Independence Day or Armageddon?
Seriously, Florida. WTF?
Sessions: Chief justice not a real conservative because he's worried about judicial vacancies
Sexist ad against Jennifer Wexton, because what else do they have?
Shadowy group of losers plot conservative strategy, hashtags
Shady government-tied organization making list of every registered Virginia gun owner
Shaheen-Portman energy bill proves, once again, that bipartisanship is no guarantee of success
Sharknado...only worse!
Sharrrrrron Angle is back!
Shellie Zimmerman says she has doubts about her husband's innocence but also believes the evidence
Sheriff Joe Arpaio wants some drones
Shipments from banned factories raise questions about Walmart's Bangladesh safety program
Shocker of the day: Ted Cruz lies about Obamacare
Shocking revelation: Republicans could be electing criminals to Congress
Shooting at Washington Navy Yard
Shooting backwards
Shooting incident at LAX
Short circuited
Shot in the face by my own pants. Respect the culture! GunFAIL LIII
Shots fired at US Capitol
Should Indiana's constitution enshrine bigotry? No, so let's fight back
Should it be unfettered capitalism for the masses or real free enterprise?
Should states be able to ban birth control? North Carolina voters say no, GOP candidates disagree
Should states pass right-to-shop laws?
Shower time with Rick Santorum
Shutdown
Shutdown aftermath: Republicans are left with an unanswered ransom note and lame excuses
Shutdown doubles down on sequester's damage to scientific research
Shutdown ended, but the economic whacking it gave us is far from over. Where is the long view?
Shutdown fervor starting to gel among hardline Republicans
Shutdown is delaying death benefits for troops killed in Afghanistan
Shutdown is good news for survivalists
Shutdown losers include Catholic bishops
Shutdown madness: Boehner goes from it 'isn't some damn game' to needing 'points on the board'
Shutdown of 150th coal plant reminder that so-called 'war on coal' must not be war on coal workers
Shutdown with Sammy Salmonella
Shutting down the government is just like 9/11
Sidekick McCain: If Obamacare succeeds, Hillary will be president
Sigh. No, Elizabeth Warren ain't running for president
Silent Night: Giffords' super PAC releases ad for Newtown anniversary
Simpson-Bowles anti-debt group is—pause to laugh—deeply in debt
Since Supreme Court's DOMA decision, a 5-0 record for equality
Single mothers aren't just disproportionately likely to be poor, they're becoming more so
Six million Americans will pay less than $100/month for health insurance
Six million lost coverage on first day of Bush Medicare drug program
Six months after Newtown, the fight against the gun lobby goes on
Six-figure ad campaign targets House Republicans on shutdown
Slammed by food stamp cuts, New York City soup kitchens ran out of food
Small print from the shutdown deal
Smithsonian announces massive DNA mapping project
Smithsonian workers strike to protest low wages
Snack gentrification
Snow trolling for fun and profit
Snowden is in cahoots with evil space aliens, or maybe orcs and trolls, or maybe even ... Satan!
So how'd that Obamacare fight go, Ted Cruz?
So how's Mitch McConnell's 'war' on the tea party going?
So long, Max: Obama will reportedly tap Montana's Baucus as new U.S. ambassador to China
So much for local control. Cantor says he'll try to stop de Blasio's New York City education plans
So much for that Republican Obamacare replacement plan
So now Republicans demand a conference after blocking it for past seven months
So what comes after repeal, Mr. Republican Congressman?
So, who's on the guest list for tonight's State of the Union?
So-called Democrats at Third Way share consultants with the Chamber of Commerce
SoCal utility wants Wall Street-style bailout
Social Security already hit by the austerity squeeze
Social Security expansion now very real. Thanks, Third Way!
Social Security trustees report show program is still not in crisis
Sociopathic stance on Obamacare would be fatal to GOP if successful
Some GOP women beginning to notice that GOP menfolk not good at the abortion stuff
Some Republican senators pretend to consider not filibustering court nominees
Some Republican states still considering Medicaid expansion
Some Republicans admit the IRS 'scandal' was a load of codswallop
Some West Virginia water declared safe to drink. Until next time
Some ass got shot at the Home Depot! And it was attached to a concealed carrier, too. GunFAIL L
Something to irk the bishops: Big increase in number of women who get birth control under ACA
Sometimes, it's hard to figure out what to say. Friday is another Take Your Guns to Starbucks Day
Sorry, GOP, Martin Luther King Jr. was not one of you. He even trashed your beloved Reagan.
Sorry, Republicans: No big drop in Obamacare support
Sorry, Sarah Palin fans: Senators can't vote by Twitter, she's not going to run
Sorry, Sen. Cruz, no Obamacare repeal fight over the debt ceiling this time
Sorry, no, Mitch McConnell is most definitely not a profile in courage
Sotomayor: Money is the biggest barrier to political equality
Sources: Obama could release secret NSA court order
Sources: Wendy Davis will run for Texas governor
South Carolina GOP 'regrets' if calling the IRS 'Obama's Gestapo' upset anyone
South Carolina House punishes two public colleges for assigning books about gay people
South Carolina Senate considers nullifying Obamacare, damn the costs
South Carolina ponders whether to let people drink on Election Day
South Dakota's Republican legislature denies citizen vote on Medicaid expansion
South Dakota, Kansas consider 'freedom to discriminate' anti-equality bills
South Dakotans want Medicaid expansion, governor disagrees
Southern California Walmart workers strike and protest, following successful Florida strike
Southern National Guards defying Hagel order to recognize same-sex military spouses
Southern Republican governors discover hurricanes, decide sequestration is bad
Southern Republicans begin gleefully acting quickly in response to gutting of Voting Rights Act
Space exploration in 2014: Waiting on the House to act
Spare a thought for workers forced to be on the job this Thanksgiving
Speaker John Boehner unveils new website devoted to GOP Benghazi conspiracies
Spending bill unveiled: The good, the bad and the ugly
Spending down, deficits halved and public sector smaller since Obama took office
Spill proves again that cozy ties between government and coal corporations sticks it to people
Split federal appeals judges hear arguments on Obamacare subsidies
Spokesman for Senate Republicans suggests Reid has Alzheimer's
Sponsored Post: Al Jazeera America: There's More To It
Sponsored Post: Al Jazeera America: There’s More To It
Spooge man
Spring Break, 2014: Girls gone to the hospital! GunFAIL LXI
Spying Is For Everyone
Spying on Americans? Sorry, I have a plane to catch
Stand Your Ground, even if it's not yours, and actually belongs to the people you shoot: GunFAIL LV
Standardized tests aren't making kids smarter
Standardized tests take over the school day
Standing in moral abyss, Paul Ryan says right 'should not cede the moral high ground' on poverty
Starbucks' stance on Obamacare–Will you buy another cup of coffee?
Starting a 'food fight' against junk food
Starting point for surveillance reform: What Sen. Obama supported
State Medicaid expansion refusal causes North Carolina hospital to close
State documents requested by congressional committees show no need for new abortion restrictions
State of the Union 'date night' dying a much-deserved death
State of the Union address confirmed: Republicans are fringe minority party
States not expanding Medicaid set to lose billions
States stand to lose billions by rejecting Medicaid
States starting to take action on retirement security
States that expand Medicaid could lower their prison health costs
States' sabotage of navigators could keep millions out of exchanges
Steampunk Planet
Steelworkers praise Obama for executive order upgrading regulations on chemical plant safety
Stephen Colbert dances his way to the end of his career
Stephen Colbert mocks Fox News meltdown over Obama's Zach Galifianakis video
Stephen Colbert's hilarious bit on Kentucky church giving away guns
Steubenville hacker faces more jail time than the rapists
Steve 'Where am I?' Stockman blames media for not being able to find him
Steve Forbes on carbon dioxide: 'We can't live without it'
Steve King apologizes to Marco Rubio for having such crappy supporters
Steve King bravely stands up to African-Americans and Latinos to explain why he opposes food stamps
Steve King launches droning strike on nation's capital
Steve King on how he knows DREAMers are drug mules: 'You can tell by their physical characteristics'
Steve King once again defends his theories on the melon-calved to a cruel and ignorant nation
Steve King says Republican politicians oppose immigration reform because most Latinos are Democrats
Steve King says religion is bullcrap
Steve King warns gay people might try to trick American businesses into discriminating against them
Steve King: For every valedictorian DREAMer, there's another 100 'hauling 75 pounds of marijuana'
Steve Stockman invites 'Obama' rodeo clowns to perform in his district
Steven Seagal would 'remotely consider' running for Arizona governor?
Stinky Mitch McConnell stands by his man
Stop that train
Stories of solidarity: Children's books and movies about labor and organizing
Strange definition of of a tax increase you got there, Mr. GOP
Strike shuts down San Francisco's BART system
Strikes close some fast food outlets, but strikers are aiming for something bigger
Strong words from Biden on LGBT discrimination, but silence on executive order
Stubborn Obamacare-hating Republicans ignore vast numbers of uninsured Americans in red districts
Stuck being a Canuck, eh?
Student debt: Just one more way the economy is stacked against those at the bottom
Student loan interest rate bill passes the House
Students kicked out of Christie town hall for asking about Sandy aid
Study debunks myth of doctors fleeing Medicare
Study: 50 million Americans can't afford adequate food
Study: Immigrants contributed $115 billion more to Medicare in last decade than they received
Study: Low prices will bring young people to Obamacare
Study: More than half of elderly women are economically at risk
Study: Shift from pensions to 401(K)s increasing inequality
Stung by plagiarism charges, Rand Paul moves his column to a seedier outlet
Suck on this, Koch brothers: New Hampshire Senate passes Medicaid expansion
Suddenly, John Cornyn cares very deeply about domestic violence
Sugar Bowl open thread
Sugary drinks are FREEDOM, unless poor people are involved
Summary: President Obama holds press conference
Summers withdraws his name from consideration for Federal Reserve chief
Sunday Talk
Sunday Talk: A mind is a terrible thing to waste
Sunday Talk: Actions speak louder than words
Sunday Talk: Balls to the wall
Sunday Talk: Benghazi on the Hudson
Sunday Talk: Beyond repair
Sunday Talk: Birth of a nation
Sunday Talk: Can't get fooled again
Sunday Talk: Close, but no cigar
Sunday Talk: Color commentary
Sunday Talk: Color correction
Sunday Talk: Don't fear the reaper
Sunday Talk: Duck and cover
Sunday Talk: Dysfunction junction
Sunday Talk: Everybody's a critic
Sunday Talk: From Russia with love
Sunday Talk: Get a brain, morans!
Sunday Talk: Get with the program
Sunday Talk: Haters gonna hate
Sunday Talk: It's getting hot in here
Sunday Talk: Keep it in perspective
Sunday Talk: Lost in translation
Sunday Talk: Mad Libs III
Sunday Talk: Mad Libs IV
Sunday Talk: Mark my words
Sunday Talk: Night of broken Congress
Sunday Talk: Off to the races
Sunday Talk: Resistance is futile
Sunday Talk: Shut happens
Sunday Talk: Something for everyone
Sunday Talk: The party's over
Sunday Talk: The power of persuasion
Sunday Talk: The taste of a new generation
Sunday Talk: The truth is out there
Sunday Talk: Time heals all wounds
Sunday Talk: Time off for bad behavior
Sunday Talk: Today, we are all wackadoodles!
Sunday Talk: Turnabout is fair play
Sunday Talk: Wet hot American dream
Sunday Talk: White is the new black
Sunday Talk: With extreme prejudice
Sunday Talk: Yeah, that's the ticket
Super Bowl open thread
Super committee? Really? That's all Boehner's got?
Super-Fun-Pak Comix, feat. How the World Ends, and more fun
Super-Fun-Pak Comix, featuring Brain in a Beaker
Super-Fun-Pak Comix, featuring Percival Dunwoody vs. Hitler!
Support for marriage equality continues to grow
Support for marriage equality just keeps growing, no matter what foes believe
Support for marriage equality rising, but stalled out among white evangelicals
Supporting medical pot is like supporting civil unions
Supreme Court [heart] Boobies!
Supreme Court dismisses challenge to Obamacare mandate
Supreme Court hears next big challenge to campaign contribution limits
Supreme Court lets stand lower court ruling against law that would have defunded Planned Parenthood
Supreme Court puts Utah marriage equality on hold for now
Supreme Court rejects Arizona's appeal on 20-week abortion ban
Supreme Court scrutinizes the recess appointment power
Supreme Court will hear Obamacare contraception challenges
Supreme Court will hear case on Obama's recess appointments to labor board
Supremes approve creation of massive DNA database from criminal suspects
Supremes chisel away at Miranda. Again.
Supremes enforce ex post facto clause, while Justice Thomas would go back to 1798
Supremes punt on University of Texas' affirmative action policy
Supremes screw workers, yet again (2x)
Supremes: You can't patent DNA, but ...
Sure, the House supports immigration reform. But Boehner stands in the way
Surprise Jon Runyan retirement creates House pickup opportunity
Surprise! CBO report shows 50% of government tax expenditures go to top 20% of earners
Surprise! Republican obstruction slows down immigration votes
Surprise! School grades favor high-income schools
Surveillance bait
Syria and 2014
Syria likely to delay action on military sexual assault bill
Syria says it accepts Russia's chemical weapons proposal
Syria's Royal Easel
Syria, budget showdown push immigration reform to October (if at all)
Syria: Diplomatic solutions explored, military threat remains
Tables turned on former NSA chief
Taking back the House and the popular vote
Taking the extreme out of extreme poverty
Taking the pulse of the Daily Kos community on Syria
Tales from the strip
Taliban Diplomacy
Tammy Duckworth blasts federal contractor who got preferred status for prep-school football injury
Target's offer to data theft victims is more PR fix than credit protection
Tax money goes towards Rick Perry's 'Your State Sucks' ad campaigns
Taxpayer dollars teach that evolution is 'wicked and vain'
Taxpayer-funded schools teaching creationism in a dozen states
Taxpayers in 34 states shell out dollars for pregnancy propaganda centers
Tea Party Galaxy: Voyage to the Center of Delusion
Tea Party Tim and Plutocrat Pete
Tea Party freedom fighters
Tea Party logic
Tea Party rebels against New Cok—er—'rebranding'
Tea partiers attacked by GOP lobbyists
Tea partiers: 'Cut spending!' Which spending? 'Uhhh ...'
Tea partiers: It's BoehnerCare
Tea party PAC taps Cruz sidekick to give SOTU response; GOP mum
Tea party Senate candidate sends out a dog whistle with a trombone
Tea party challenger to Sen. Thad Cochran looks like a real wacko
Tea party congressmen ask Boehner to surrender to Obama on debt limit
Tea party congressmen sacrifice staff's health for political statement
Tea party ringleader admits the GOP shut down the government for nothing
Tea party support nearing record low
Tea partying ex-Rep. Joe Walsh 'has a dream'
Teachers sue Michigan town over misuse of money that may leave them without health insurance
Team McConnell distraught at 'poor gun safety display' by Grimes
Team McConnell: 'Looking forward to President Rubio stacking the courts'
Team Mitch takes break from bashing Bevin to call Grimes an 'empty dress' who 'babbles incoherently'
Tech analyst: NSA 'will kill the U.S. technology industry singlehandedly'
Tech companies deny any knowledge of NSA PRISM datamining program
Technical problems extend to state health insurance exchanges
Ted Cruz accidentally concedes that ObamaCare is here to stay
Ted Cruz and Republican House determined to shut down government
Ted Cruz blows more Obamacare repeal smoke as House GOP throws in towel
Ted Cruz caves on shutdown, but calls it a personal win
Ted Cruz continues #fauxlibuster, House GOP contemplates new shutdown threat
Ted Cruz explains what Republican politicians hate the most: 'When they're forced to tell the truth'
Ted Cruz hires fool
Ted Cruz honors Putin's Olympics by proposing law against marriage equality
Ted Cruz is still yapping
Ted Cruz may be in Washington, but he is no Mr. Smith
Ted Cruz might want to vet his anti-Obamacare anecdotes a little more carefully
Ted Cruz outraged that Obama wants immigration bill to do what it's supposed to do
Ted Cruz posts Mandela tribute on Facebook. His fans go crazy.
Ted Cruz rules Republicans' shutdown world
Ted Cruz says he'll fauxlibuster debt limit, forcing Republicans to vote for it
Ted Cruz says it's President Obama's fault people listen to Ted Nugent
Ted Cruz says we 'no longer have a president,' apparently because Barack Obama is now our dictator
Ted Cruz sidekick Mike Lee sees net favorable rating drop 20 points
Ted Cruz takes his GOP-on-GOP fight to the Senate
Ted Cruz whips up the faithful (as seen on Twitter)
Ted Cruz' funny math
Ted Cruz's Obamacare defunding strategery
Ted Cruz's adventure not excellent for the House
Ted Cruz's father is a birther. When will Sen. Cruz condemn his father's remarks?
Ted Cruz's really sweet health insurance deal
Ted Cruz's rise is Rand Paul's gain
Ted Cruz's shutdown sacrifice: He'll only rely on the millions in his bank account
Ted Cruz: Ineffective and proud of it
Ted Cruz: This hostage-taking would work if Republicans weren't such chickens
Ted Nugent on Martin: 'Enraged black man-child', 'Skittles hoodie boy'
Ted Nugent, Republican Party mascot, has things to say about black Americans
Ted Nugent, again: Obama a 'jackbooted thug,' Obamacare like Nazi Germany
Teddy bear devolution
Telecoms take HUNDREDS OF BILLIONS for national broadband, but don't want to deliver
Tell the Roberts' Court Five—the civil rights movement is still alive
Ten Senate Democrats want extension of Obamacare enrollment period
Ten percent of the Syrian population now are refugees, and more than half of them are children
Ten years of political progress. And yes, we've made progress
Tennessee Republicans celebrate union loss at Volkswagen by talking subsidies
Tennessee Republicans nervous workers may gain new power at Volkswagen plant
Tennessee Republicans single out unions with anti-picketing bill
Tennessee attorney general: Bill banning union picketing is unconstitutional
Tennessee church takes extreme stance against love
Terminally ill man and his husband fight to force Ohio to recognize their marriage, and judge agrees
Terrible news: Republicans are holding John Boehner hostage
Terry Mac runs liberal campaign, independents flock to him
Texans Perry, Cruz vie for stupidest tax plan
Texans think expanding Medicaid is a pretty good idea
Texas Democrat: Let's put anti-abortion laws on hold until death penalty is abolished
Texas GOP executive director blames women for lower pay
Texas House committee limits testimony to move anti-abortion bill forward quickly
Texas National Guard continues to violate Hagel's order to treat all marriages equally
Texas Rep. Jodie Laubenberg changes her mind about fetuses
Texas Rep. Steve Stockman goes missing
Texas Rep. knows 'hot and bothered' teens can't be trusted with sex ed
Texas Republican finds cure for rape!
Texas Republican says Wendy Davis should pay for special session needed to pass GOP abortion bill
Texas Republican slammed for denying uninsured citizens Obamacare
Texas Republican's newest plan: Secede first, decide whether to kill the gays afterwards
Texas Republican: Addressing discrimination isn't the right answer to discrimination
Texas Republican: Anti-abortion bill 'is not a women's rights bill'
Texas Republicans double down with new anti-abortion bill
Texas Republicans keep pushing to replace safe abortion with wire hangers
Texas Republicans reject 'overregulation.' Of exploding fertilizer plants, not women's bodies.
Texas Republicans will always be the last horse out of the barn
Texas Senate committee approves anti-abortion bill, final vote likely Friday
Texas Senate holds hearing on its 'achievements' in women's access to health care
Texas Senate passes notorious anti-abortion bill
Texas and Mississippi National Guards making marriage equality a little less equal
Texas anti-abortion law was not about women's health, records show
Texas attorney general kinda sorta walks back thanks for tweet calling Wendy Davis 'Retard Barbie'
Texas attorney general: 'Eric Holder can no longer deny' new Texas voting restrictions
Texas beefs up Obamacare sabotage efforts
Texas fire marshals turned away by five facilities with big ammonium nitrate stockpiles
Texas is going to get very, very interesting. And Blue.
Texas kept Marlise Munoz on life support against her wishes. Will her family get the bill?
Texas refuses to enforce Obamacare health insurance reforms
Texas special session gavels in, then goes on recess
Texas strips abortion provider's medical license over admitting privileges
Text someone who's driving, and you might get sued: a torts lesson
Thank you John Boehner, for DOMA's repeal
Thank you, Sen. Reid
Thanks to shutdown, Democrats land new House recruit in Nebraska, and may soon get more elsewhere
Thanks to shutdown, protecting workers' rights gets less staff than Tom Coburn's political stunts
Thanks to the netroots and Democratic senators with spine, Larry Summers won't be the head Fed
Thanks, Obamacare: Rebate check in July, health exchanges in October
Thanksgiving Day open thread: Family, food and football
Thanksgiving at the Cheneys
Thanksgiving wishes from the Congressional Progressive Caucus
That 'Hitler' billionaire guy? He's Cuomo's BFF, of course
That recent W.Va. coal slurry spill one state official called 'much of nothing'? 100,000 gallons
That spilled coal-washing chemical is still showing up in drinking water of West Virginia schools
That won't do, CBS. That won't do.
The 'Don't Show Me' State
The 'Journalism After Snowden' problem
The 'Moral Monday' movement in North Carolina
The 'bullshit' caucus in the GOP giving McConnell a headache
The 'mean gene' and the killing of Andy Lopez
The 12 days of Congress
The 2013 Flashback Madness Ends HERE and NOW!
The 2013 version of the Obamacare town meeting
The 2014 House Republican agenda revealed: A blank piece of paper
The 2014 elections and voting demographics: promise and peril
The 2020 redistricting battle begins in 2014
The 250th!!! Green Diary Rescue: Climate conference in Warsaw, fracking lobby, Ikea goes renewable
The 398 arrests for civil disobedience in Sunday's anti-Keystone XL protest are just the beginning
The 50 Equal United States of America
The AP screws up massively, wrongly tarring Terry McAuliffe before admitting its huge error
The Affordable Care Act: Doing much good for little credit?
The Best Worst Option In Syria
The CBO puts 'a thumb on the scale' in minimum wage report
The Conservative Health Exchange
The Constitution is 225 years old, so you've got no excuse for not knowing these things
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau gets busy
The Counteroffensive on the War on Poverty
The Culture novels of Iain M. Banks
The DOMA Decision
The Daily Kos Elections 2013 prediction contest
The Daily Show eviscerates Fox 'News' Civil War revisionist
The Democratic message: We're willing to talk, but not in response to bullying or tantrums
The Democrats' Obamacare offensive picks up steam
The Donald sued for $40 million over 'Trump University' scam
The Fox 'News' war on science: Only talks climate change when it's cold
The GOP can't hide from immigration reform
The GOP has an Obamacare replacement plan, but will the GOP accept it?
The GOP presidential bench is awful
The GOP ship is cracking up
The GOP's problem with non-white voters, in one awesome picture
The GOP's unregulated business-climate nirvana, in China
The Great GOP Hissy Fit of 2013 continues, now on immigration
The Great Nullification Crisis of 2017
The HealthCare.gov fiasco
The Hockey Stick rides again
The House GOP's Obamacare 'fix' won't get many Democratic votes
The House takes up the shutdown/debt ceiling deal vote
The House's biggest fundraising slackers (and the challengers kicking their asses)
The House's fundraising slackers and the challengers who love them
The International Panel on Climate Change's report in haiku and 19 watercolor paintings
The KY legislator who fired her gun in the state capitol isn't even our craziest story. GunFAIL LII
The Koch brothers are badly outspending the top two Democratic Super PACs on congressional races
The Koch brothers' real target: The entire government
The McDonnell indictment is as sordid as you think it was
The Medicaid gap hits home in red states
The Medicaid millions—enrollees, that is
The Muslim Hipsterhood
The NRA won in Colorado. This time
The NRA's Wayne LaPierre as con artist
The NSA comes clean
The NSA could be tracking cell phone locations. Dianne Feinstein thinks that's okay.
The NSA might know how much time you're spending on Angry Birds
The NSA revelations: Are the programs legal?
The NSA's astounding internal security failures
The New York Post proves their cruelty
The Obama administration presents an alternative to burning your fake Obamacare card
The Obamacare 'insurance company bailout' is not the GOP's magic bullet
The Obamacare ad wars
The Obamacare news in the states is pretty good, and Politico hates that
The Obamolitionists continue the fight...
The Oscars 2014
The RNC's new campaign: Selling millennials on a corporate agenda
The Re-Obamulator
The Republican Coup of 2013
The Republican House of Saboteurs
The Republican Party is not good at this, Mississippi governor edition
The Republican Party laid down with dogs and now ... they're just going to scratch harder
The Republican Party's clueless caucus is pretty much their entire caucus
The Republican Party's transparent agenda of class warfare
The Republican argument for ENDA: At least it's not marriage
The Republican health care emergency in one chart
The Republican plan to end the shutdown
The Republican's big lie machine cranks up
The Republicans are terrified of Obamacare. They should be.
The Republicans' repeal conundrum
The Senate Launch system flies again
The Senate defaced....
The Senate had a pretty good year
The Senate is broken when it comes to oversight, too
The Senate votes, and the National Labor Relations Board will function again
The Supreme Court wants to look at the ACA again, and they're coming for your birth control
The Tampa Bay Times reveals Bill Young's shocking flaw, and his would-be successors reveal theirs
The Tea Party: Shutting down your government since 2011
The Teapublican Party wins 2013 'Racist of the Year' award
The Ted Cruz coloring book is a thing, because of course it is
The Ted Cruz guide to self-promotion
The Tom Perkins system: 'You don't get to vote unless you pay a dollar of taxes'
The U.S. government's incredible threats!
The Ukrainian candidate: Putin wins CPAC poll
The United Watershed States of America
The Vaccination Intervention
The Virginia state Senate is at stake, and you can do something about it
The Voting Rights Act has been gutted
The War on Poverty turns 50. Needed: War on Plutocracy
The War on the War on Christmas isn't doing very well
The Washington Times bids farewell to Michele Bachmann
The Wizard of Oz - the Aftermath
The Wrecking Crew
The antipathy gap
The best books I listened to in 2013
The best books I read in 2013
The big cover up: How the DEA uses domestic spying to poison justice
The brilliant Reince Priebus: 'Mitt Romney won on the message'
The burn-your-fake-Obamacare-card crowd sounding desperate
The candidate from ALEC hiding from the media
The case for a Democrat in every race
The changing definition of marriage
The chicken that caused the recent salmonella scare: It's still being sold
The clown show goes to Vegas
The conservative fight against Obamacare: Betraying their own principles yet again
The conservative hatred of democracy
The conservative tent (officially) gets smaller
The conversation we should be having about private data
The cost of seniors' sexytime and much-needed Medicare reform
The country doesn't like Republicans? Well, Republicans don't like the country either
The damnation of the happy slave
The democracy scam
The demographic underpinnings behind America's blue shift, illustrated with interactive maps
The difference between Democrats and Republicans in one image, on one day
The difficulty of being Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers
The diminishing Koch Obamacare 'horror' story
The disenfranchising team
The dubious Obamacare wisdom of Reince
The dueling plagiarist
The education of Louis
The end of Obamacare is finally here, say dingbat Republicans, because Syria
The end of austerity kabuki, and how to turn a victory into a rout
The expert predicts 6.22 million Obamacare enrollments
The faces of creationism: Rafael Cruz
The fall of Fallujah and the rise of Darrell Issa
The federal judiciary in crisis
The fight against Texas' new anti-abortion law isn't over
The filibuster is dead. Long live the filibuster.
The filibuster was reformed today. Really.
The final blow: Americans think Republicans don't care about them
The fundamental divide: Black and white, or black and everyone else?
The geography of being uninsured
The global corporate power grab you hear nothing about because it's being decided in secret
The good Obamacare news bubbles up
The good news is that there won't be a federal helium shutdown
The government shutdown of 2137
The great GOP defunding debate fizzles
The great debate about the GOP House majority (and how both sides are inevitably correct)
The greatest system in the world
The growing blue state advantage
The gutted portion of the Voting Rights Act affected the American Indian vote
The health care exchanges could have saved this man's life
The highest state minimum wage hasn't exactly killed job growth in Washington
The hilarious travails of the Prohibition Party
The history of racist resistance to Martin Luther King Jr. Day
The horrors of criminalizing corruption
The ideology that sacrifices humanity to satisfy the rich
The important questions
The incredible Volcker
The indignity of being a woman in Texas is about life and death
The intriguing genius of Eric Cantor, master legislator
The invisible finger of the market
The job-killing Republican sequester
The joy of watching a Cheney bite Republicans in their behind
The last comic strip about a mass shooting you'll ever have to read
The last guy anybody should be listening to about anything weighs in on Iran deal at Foxaganda
The last word they heard before they died
The latest battle in the War on Women: Minimum wage
The left
The majesty of the law
The middle class must assert its worth to assure their share of America's wealth
The million man Republican protest, give or take 999,800
The minimum wage is 75 years old—and back to its 1950 level
The most Republican thing ever said about Wall Street: If there's not a gun, it's not a crime
The most pathetic effort to turn the table on the War on Women, ever
The naked truth: Exotic dancers deserve labor law protections
The nation sleeps a dreamless sleep
The nation's unimpressive gubernatorial bench
The national security state: Too big to succeed?
The new Republican plan to go after rapists ... one fetus at a time
The new naughty and nice List
The new warmongering wing of the Democratic Party
The newest Republican 'cool kids' startup already sounds embarrassing
The news from planet Glox
The next Obamacare attack: Beat up on the sick people
The next filibuster fight begins this week
The only reason your government is shut down
The origin Of Duck Dynasty’s free speech
The other side of 'rate shock': Health insurers mislead customers on Obamacare
The outsider philosophy of the coach who never punts, and why he's like us
The perfect distillation of Ted Cruz
The photo the Koch brothers really don't want you to see
The plot to oppress (tan) white people
The political impact of the Roberts Court
The political underbelly of the pensions crisis: What broke the system, and how do we fix it?
The potential silver lining to the post-nuclear Republican obstruction
The race away from the middle in state legislatures: An interesting new study on party polarization
The real face of conservatism
The real food stamp fraud is in the reasons Republicans give for cuts
The real grassroots schools Florida GOP congressman on Obamacare
The real primary fight of 2016 (and it's not an alternative to Hillary)
The real reason Lucky Ducky is stuck at a minimum wage job
The recession may be over, but its jobs shortfall is still with us
The remarkable record of Steve Stockman
The renewed war on the veteran teacher
The rest of Boehner's 'Obamacare nightmare' story
The revenge of the insurance industry
The right to bear bags
The right to bear ricin
The right's response to the Navy Yard shootings: It was probably Bill Clinton's fault
The right-wing rumor mill in action on 'stand your ground'
The rise of 'insourcing' gives Internet companies a new way to exploit workers
The rockets' red glare
The rules have changed: Reid pulls trigger on nuclear option
The scariest Republican Halloween costume ever
The scariest climate change visualization you'll see today. Or maybe this decade.
The senator from Walmart thinks a $10.10 minimum wage is 'too much, too fast'
The shutdown according to House Speaker Ted Cruz
The simple change in wording that shows why you should ignore polls on the NSA leak
The sleazy auto dealers war on the free market, with an assist from Chris Christie
The states that get the most natural disaster aid sent 47 climate-change deniers to Congress
The storied, omnipotent God-Man
The student debt crisis: Moving beyond interest rates
The stupid. It gets even stupider.
The stupidest thing ever put on the internet, royal baby edition
The sudden (and somewhat premature) pundit obsession with 2010
The surrender of the left? Activism and electoral politics
The tea party turns five. We still wouldn't trust them with scissors.
The teabagger core argument: Takers, makers and the violent end of democracy
The time Scott Walker bravely fired a 'thong model' and other stories
The tragic pathos of Frank Luntz
The truth about Senate Republican amendments: They're poison
The two charts that objectively prove Democrats aren't even slightly hurt by becoming more liberal
The unlikely redemption of Safety Spider
The war supporter's weak case for war
The warmonger's lament
The week at progressive state blogs: Owning WV water, 7-day work week in WI, Arctic drilling in AK
The wild state-to-state variation in property taxes
The wingnut revolution is upon us. Oops, no, you missed it.
The world according to derp
The world's worst national anthem
The wrong lessons
The year in Elizabeth Warren
There ARE Republicans in Silicon Valley. They're just too embarrassed to say it publicly
There are few things more beautiful than an immigrant naturalization ceremony
There are no words
There is no military solution, folks.
There's a blueprint for gun-related research, but will Congress act?
There's a lot of child poverty in Texas, y'all
There's a reason Silicon Valley is Indigo Blue
There's one sequester cut Marco Rubio is sad about, and it's not Meals on Wheels or Head Start
These Republicans voted for a shutdown while saying they were against it
These Seven Cats Have Urgent Questions About Benghazi
These guys are mad
These three Texans want Sen. Cruz to shut up already about Obamacare
Things People Like More Than Congress
Think globally, act locally: The case for paying a lot more attention to state legislative races
Think of the masturbating fetuses!
Think your plastic is being recycled? Think again.
Third Way head admits Elizabeth Warren scares them
Third Way hon. chair calls Third Way WSJ op-ed 'outrageous,' 'strongly disagrees'
Third Way puts words in my mouth to defend Zell Miller
Third Way: We're not funded by Wall Street institutions, just by Wall Street executives
Third time not a charm: Senate Republicans set to filibuster another DC Circuit nominee
Thirteen photos that will make you fall in love with America all over again
Thirty percent of Americans now skip some medical care
This day in E.W. Jackson news: Smashing America's UnemployMeMent
This graph shows why solar power will take over the world
This holiday week in pseudoscience
This is Reince Priebus on tolerance
This is the real 'rate shock': My parents' amazing Obamacare story 
This is what a movement looks like! Raleigh, NC, Moral March and Freedom Summer 2014
This is why Wendy Davis will be the next Texas governor and maybe more
This one revelation in the bombshell Benghazi report from House Republicans will stun and amaze you
This wealthy mogul thinks that rising income inequality is fantastic, celebratory stat
This week at progressive state blogs: 'Family values,' tight Senate race in CO, voter purge in FL
This week at progressive state blogs: A socialist in Seattle, demographics in Cal, ALEC in R.I.
This week at progressive state blogs: ALEC's agenda in Ohio, homeless students Ryan disses parents
This week at progressive state blogs: Anti-gay remarks in Texas, arrests in Wisconsin, ALEC in NM
This week at progressive state blogs: BART dispute, priest at the bully pulpit, abortion lies
This week at progressive state blogs: Backstage passes for lobbyists in Ohio, McCrory the ad man
This week at progressive state blogs: California charter school 'co-location,' S.D.'s fat surplus
This week at progressive state blogs: Coal companies fined, Ms. back on the shelves, McConnell's gun
This week at progressive state blogs: Corporate responsibility in Chicago, Mayor Palin's car at eBay
This week at progressive state blogs: Cuccinelli's extremist backer, conflict for McConnell's wife
This week at progressive state blogs: Detroit's publicly funded hockey stadium, arrests in Wisconsin
This week at progressive state blogs: Gardner on Obamacare, SD Indian vote, letter to Liz Cheney
This week at progressive state blogs: Guns in SD, minimum wage in WI, exploding pipeline in KY
This week at progressive state blogs: Joe McCarthy rehabbed, Bubba Jindal blasts Bill de Blasio
This week at progressive state blogs: Koch-backed demonizing of NN14, indies surge in Iowa
This week at progressive state blogs: Messing with Medicaid, messing with pot, messing with books
This week at progressive state blogs: ND spill map, protest problems in CA, ethics reform in MO
This week at progressive state blogs: Palin's Christmas book, anti-resolutions, focusing on poverty
This week at progressive state blogs: Pffft to a departing editor, tea party pffft to Haley Barbour
This week at progressive state blogs: Prof. Jindal, dean of Trump U., recreational pot
This week at progressive state blogs: Republicans line up for Stockman's seat, factory farm tour
This week at progressive state blogs: Secessionists organize, not daddy's little girl, Medicaid
This week at progressive state blogs: Spitting on democracy in OH, imitating AZ GOP bigotry in MA
This week at progressive state blogs: Syria gets attention, NH's sins, PolitiFact is 'half true'
This week at progressive state blogs: Taxing in NC, gerrymandering in WI, not recounting in VA
This week at progressive state blogs: Tea party wackos in the South, Medicaid in Ohio & Jason Carter
This week at progressive state blogs: Trucking companies rip off workers, McDonnell pats own back
This week at progressive state blogs: WV toxic spills, NY inmates skew political clout
This week at progressive state blogs: Wendy Davis! Duckworth blasts piecemeal funding, McFadden MIA
This week at progressive state blogs: shutdown hurts home towns, referendum reform, racial disparity
This week at progressive states blogs: deporting children, fracking quakes, popcorn for the bishop
This week in progressive state blogs: Castration in Alabama, 'humorless' rape foes in Dallas
This week in progressive state blogs: Marriage equality in Oklahoma, tax break rip-offs in Michigan
This week in progressive state blogs: health care gap in Mississippi, grand bargain in Oregon
This week in science
This week in science: A Thanksgiving visitor comes in from the cold
This week in science: Adrift
This week in science: All that is and all that will ever be
This week in science: All these dirty worlds are yours
This week in science: Always the dollars
This week in science: Chasing dragons
This week in science: Chill out
This week in science: Cryo-canyon
This week in science: Drunken trees
This week in science: Every day is a winding road
This week in science: Fireballs and winged Suidae
This week in science: First they came for the blame
This week in science: Grats, it's an Olinguito!
This week in science: Hot tropics
This week in science: ISON on the cake
This week in science: Infernos
This week in science: It's time for change
This week in science: Let it snow!
This week in science: Let the games begin!
This week in science: Let the progressive hangovers begin!
This week in science: Money
This week in science: One day only!
This week in science: Out of this world
This week in science: Planet of Ignorance
This week in science: Playing Godwin
This week in science: Promises, promises
This week in science: Rain falls in Colorado and ignorance pours in Texas
This week in science: Send in the clowns
This week in science: Sleek, fast and banned!
This week in science: Smaller is better
This week in science: Summa Tellure
This week in science: Super Typhoon
This week in science: The 2013 "Besties"
This week in science: The heat is on
This week in science: The singularity approaches
This week in science: The study of ignorance
This week in science: When stars collide
This week in science: Who you gonna believe?
This week in science: canis un-familiaris
This week in science: let the games begin!
This week in the War on Workers: 'We're not going to let Detroit be erased'
This week in the War on Workers: A big win and a move to the middle class for Queens casino workers
This week in the War on Workers: A few reasons to care about the National Labor Relations Board
This week in the War on Workers: A mic check at Capital Grille
This week in the War on Workers: America's highest-paid government workers
This week in the War on Workers: Bringing green jobs back from China, and making them union to boot
This week in the War on Workers: Charter cheerleaders reject accountability
This week in the War on Workers: Christian voucher school cheated Louisiana out of big money
This week in the War on Workers: Christie screws New Jersey truck drivers and construction workers
This week in the War on Workers: Fast food strikes to expand
This week in the War on Workers: Fast food workers strike over lack of air conditioning
This week in the War on Workers: Fending off the ALEC of the construction industry in California
This week in the War on Workers: Gov. Snyder not interested in talking to Detroit retiree
This week in the War on Workers: How 'do what you love' does us wrong
This week in the War on Workers: How the federal budget leads to Walmart's low wages
This week in the War on Workers: Huge Amazon wage theft case goes to Supreme Court
This week in the War on Workers: If you're not born rich, how do you rise?
This week in the War on Workers: Is Walmart trying to weaken its workforce by hiring more temps?
This week in the War on Workers: Judge lets coal company dump retiree health benefits
This week in the War on Workers: Long overdue workplace safety rule draws fierce industry opposition
This week in the War on Workers: Michelle Rhee's hilarious reason for backing out of a debate
This week in the War on Workers: Michigan Republicans pushing ALEC-backed anti-sick leave bill
This week in the War on Workers: Models deal a blow to child labor in New York
This week in the War on Workers: New York City expanding paid sick leave
This week in the War on Workers: Obama budget seeks justice for workers hurt on the job
This week in the War on Workers: On minimum wage, US is definitely not number one
This week in the War on Workers: Philadelphians blame politicians, not unions, for schools crisis
This week in the War on Workers: Public workers get union rights in one Georgia county
This week in the War on Workers: Public-sector wages have fallen and it's hurting the economy
This week in the War on Workers: Rhode Island at the center of hedge fund-backed attack on pensions
This week in the War on Workers: Santa Claus comes for locked-out workers
This week in the War on Workers: Screwing workers, raised to an art form
This week in the War on Workers: Shock doctrine in action as two Michigan school districts close
This week in the War on Workers: Strike may again shut down San Francisco's BART
This week in the War on Workers: Students and parents explain how overtesting hurts education
This week in the War on Workers: Supreme Court case could sharply restrict union organizing
This week in the War on Workers: Teachers protest 'data walls' that shame students
This week in the War on Workers: Teaching or testing?
This week in the War on Workers: Temp work isn't safe and it often isn't temporary
This week in the War on Workers: Testing company used 'charitable' foundation to profit
This week in the War on Workers: The cyber charter school scam
This week in the War on Workers: Workers had a few wins in 2013, but we're still losing ground
This week in the War on Workers: Workers have a Labor Day message for Walmart
This week in the war on voters: House GOP holds half-hearted hearing on Voter Rights Act revamp
This week in the war on voting: Holder vows to keep Voting Rights Act relevant despite Supreme Court
This week in the war on voting: More suppression in Wisconsin, restoring felons' voting rights
This week in the war on voting: Ohio looks to internet registration, NYC to use old voting machines
This week in the war on voting: Proving citizenship to vote, weakening VRA's Section 2
This week in the war on voting: Texas still has to contend with Section 3 of Voting Rights Act
This week in the world of progressive state blogs: Alaska and the VRA, a glimpse of Texas blue
This week in the world of progressive state blogs: Chafee as Democrat? Gomez fuzzy on ENDA
This week in the world of progressive state blogs: Check out ALEC's step-sister & Nevada's new laws
This week in the world of progressive state blogs: DiFi and NSA, sex ed makes Texas teens horny
This week in the world of progressive state blogs: Hundreds arrested in 'Moral Monday' protest
This week in the world of progressive state blogs: OK tornado-safety reform, MT journalism sale
This week in the world of progressive state blogs: Wrecking Detroit, Issa loose, Missouri kabuki
This week on the War on Voting: U.S. way down the list in 'perceptions of electoral integrity'
This woman gives real meaning to standing with Texas women and Wendy Davis
This would be a scandal, but only if it were true
This'll fix things....
Thomas Perez confirmed as labor secretary on party line vote
Thomas Perez: 'Strong unions reduce inequality and build the middle class'
Thompson versus Dance: Round one goes to the incumbent, but it's not over
Those 'Medicare cuts' in Obamacare? Not so much.
Those Obamacare myths that just won't die
Those crazy young Republicans are at it again
Those in the Medicaid gap start to fight back
Those lazy babies
Thousands of kids sent home from Head Start programs closed by shutdown
Thousands rally in Austin to renew fight against abortion law
Thousands show up to testify against draconian anti-abortion bill in Texas
Threading the needle on Syria and Iran
Three Democrats seek audience with Eric Holder over FBI's making mortgage fraud a low priority
Three big ways Republicans are wrong on food stamps
Three dead in Maryland mall shooting
Three in four Americans living paycheck to paycheck while CEO-to-peons pay ratio now at 273-to-1
Three judicial nominees moving forward, it's time to start on the rest
Three retired generals get behind Gillibrand's military sexual assault bill
Three things everyone assumes about the Virginia governors race that may actually be wrong
Throughout nation, Republican shutdown already having local impact
Throw another log on the fire....
Time for Congress to get back to work, Obama says in weekly address
Time for Eric Cantor to put up or shut up on voting rights
Time for discharge petition for immigration reform
Time to go nuclear over Obamacare—here's one thing the White House must do
Time to mourn: No more 'gangs' for John McCain
Time to say this: Republicans are destroying civilization
Tipped workers push for a raise after more than 20 years at $2.13
Tired from long days of doing nothing, Congress prepares for August recess
To attack Obamacare, Republicans forget the lessons of Bush's Medicare reform
To fix education and the economy, attack America's high childhood poverty rate
To network news shows, Mitt Romney's deep thoughts matter more than food stamp cuts to 47 million
To some conservatives, Vladimir Putin is 'the defender of Christian civilization'
To-do list
Today Republicans plan to win ... like Charlie Sheen?!?
Today in E.W. Jackson news
Today in E.W. Jackson news, E.W. Jackson gets denied by his running mate
Today in E.W. Jackson news, Ken Cuccinelli distances himself (again) from E.W. Jackson
Today in E.W. Jackson news, National Review tries valiantly to praise E.W. Jackson
Today in E.W. Jackson news, gun violence is caused by sexy people
Today in E.W. Jackson news: A new E.W. Jackson PAC
Today in E.W. Jackson news: E.W. Jackson hearts Ken Cuccinelli's education privatization plans
Today in E.W. Jackson news: E.W. Jackson speaks for everyone
Today in E.W. Jackson news: Follow the Ten Comandments
Today in E.W. Jackson news: Is E.W. Jackson throwing the race?
Today in E.W. Jackson news: Stop persecuting E.W. Jackson and do what he says
Today in E.W. Jackson news: The controversy of the first-floor bathroom
Today in E.W. Jackson news: We need more guns in our schools
Today we fight back against NSA surveillance
Tom Perkins, world's worst person. Literally
Tom Udall: Filibuster reform isn't done yet
Tom Vilsack explains why Republicans have failed at demonizing food stamp recipients
Too much tempest in tea party agenda for some less extreme Republicans. Justin Amash a target
Top Boehner lieutenant admits House Republicans exist purely for Mitch McConnell's pleasure
Top CDC medical officer: Pregnant WV women should have been warned about water sooner. Ya think?
Top Christie aide: 'Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee'
Top Democrat on oversight committee gives Darrell Issa deadline for IRS transcript release
Top GOP Senator: Don't make 2014 about Republicans
Top Nevada Republican: 2014 will be great because minorities won't turn out to vote
Top Republicans assemble for Ralph Reed's Annual Crook-O-Rama
Top Romney adviser still trying to spin Jeep-to-China lie
Top West Virginia official: 'We have to trust the science, even though there's no science to trust'
Top five things Republicans hated in the State of the Union speech
Top priority for academic leaders: Summer homes!
Tortured Logic
Totally biased
Trader Joe's will drop health insurance for part-time employees, help them get on exchanges
Traditional journalist reminds colleagues: 'Political centrism is not objectivity'
Traditional media misrepresents CBO report, Obamacare job impact as Democrats fail at messaging
Trainer testifies 'physically soft' Zimmerman's athletic skills and fighting prowess quite low
TransCanada CEO admits Keystone foes have slowed project's approval
Transit strike could once again gridlock Bay Area
Transparency? The word games behind the defense of NSA surveillance
Transportation bill could be next test of Mitch McConnell's leadership
Travel advisories
Treasury gives Congress a debt limit deadline: Late February
Treasury: October 17 default deadline
Triumph!
True Detective: After You've Gone (1.7)
True Detective: Form and Void (1.8)
Trumka: Let's strengthen Obamacare. RNC: Trumka doesn't like Obamacare.
Trumka: Yellen has a 'more balanced' and 'better' approach than Summers
Trust Republicans with health care? Are you kidding?
Try to stifle your surprise: House Democrats know how to count to 218 on immigration reform
Tucson shooting hero attacked for being LGBT
Tusks, horns & blood
Tweet Of God has the last word on the evolution/creationism 'debate'
Twelve arrested in protest of Walmart firings and retaliation against activists
Twelve months of Barack Obama
Twelve months of crazy: April was rotten. Period.
Twelve months of crazy: August. FishGate!
Twelve months of crazy: Can't get much crazier than Shutdown October
Twelve months of crazy: December, and Fox News dreams of a White Christmas
Twelve months of crazy: February filibusters, follies, and failures
Twelve months of crazy: In September, Ted Cruz convinced Republicans to shut down the government
Twelve months of crazy: January begins the year of Do Nothing
Twelve months of crazy: July, and the melons are ripe
Twelve months of crazy: March to madness
Twelve months of crazy: May we not have another?
Twelve months of crazy: Nuclear November
Twelve months of crazy: The moon in June falls mainly on the loon
Twenty-term Rep. George Miller of California decides not to make it 21
Twitter mockery forces Republicans to clarify that Rosa Parks didn't actually end racism
Twitter roundup: Professional bigots cry sad DOMA tears
Two Dem polls show Grimes leading McConnell; Cook moves Kentucky Senate race to 'toss up'
Two House Democrats, Mike McIntyre and Carolyn McCarthy, will retire
Two groups fall to GOP's Obamacare sabotage
Two guys walk into a bathroom...
Two micro elections with mega implications
Two more Republican governors support for Medicaid expansion, with strings
Two small changes in the bathroom could improve the environment and your health
Two things to remember if you think this Duck Dynasty thing is about anything except bigotry
Two thirds of global solar PV has been installed in the last 2.5 years!
U.N. investigators found 'clear and convincing' evidence of Aug. 21 chemical attack
U.S. district judge orders federal officials to help states determine whether voters are citizens
U.S. imposes sanctions and visa ban in Ukraine crisis
U.S. offers Ukraine loan guarantees and technical assistance
U.S., China and G-20 nations take major steps to regulate potent greenhouse gas emissions
U.S., Russia reach agreement on Syria's chemical weapons
U.S.-based multinational corporations cast wary eye on Russia sanctions
UAW appeals Volkswagen vote over threats from Republican officials
UAW takes another big step toward representing Tennessee Volkswagen workers
UN chief scientist urges action on climate: 'We have five minutes before midnight'
UN: Extreme weather soars, Australia's record heat was 'virtually impossible' without human impacts
UPS cutting health care for 15,000 spouses, blaming Obamacare
US, Russia call on Syria to put chemical weapons under international control ... and Syria says okay
USDA announces establishment of regional agriculture hubs for climate change adaptation
USDA plans to expand pilot program that leaves meat contaminated with fecal matter
USDA takes its bad idea of speeding up chicken inspection lines and makes it worse
Udall, Wyden introduce bill to curtail surveillance
Uh-oh: Boehner pledges to 'continue our efforts to keep the government running'
Ukraine should have kept its nukes? 'Heck of a dangerous idea' says non-proliferation advocate
Ultraconservative Tom Tancredo on immigration reform: 'Who believes this s--t?'
Unaffordable college orientation
Uncappable underground blowout spills thousands of barrels of tar sands oil in Cold Lake, Alberta
Uncovering an industry's lies: Fast food offers few ways to get ahead
Under Republican plan, 3.8 million would lose food stamps in 2014
Underfunded birther nearly wins runoff in Alabama GOP congressional primary
Understaffing is hurting Walmart, says equities research firm
Unemployment Insurance is running out. What will Democrats do?
Unemployment aid moves forward in Senate
Unemployment aid won't get a vote before Senate's next recess
Unemployment benefits and the fight for the liberal empowerment agenda
Unemployment compensation claims soar, partly as a result of previous under-reporting by California
Unfit judge rules rape victim who killed herself 'was as much in control of the situation' as rapist
Unfulfilled goals, but also breathtaking change, 50 years after March on Washington
Union leader elected Boston mayor and other wins for workers
Union may be the ticket to expanded production at Tennessee Volkswagen plant
Union membership held steady in 2013, but the trends aren't good
Union thugs? Wait 'til you see the Kochs
Unions will 'fight to the death to stop cuts to Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid'
Uniquely trustworthy
United Nations: Unprecedented global warming since 2000
United States of Surveillance
University of Texas students respond to racist Young Conservatives of Texas
University of Virginia student arrested in near fatal mix-up with police—for buying bottled water
Unless Congress acts, nearly 5 million long-term unemployed Americans will get burned in 2014
Unnamed Republicans pretend to care that Darrell Issa was rude
Unofficial count has Democrat Mark Herring moving into lead in Virginia attorney general's race
Unraveling the Virginia spin
Unscrupulous insurers using Obamacare confusion to sell junk insurance
Unsecured AR-15 rifle stolen from Rep. Renee Ellmers' home
Unskewing the election results
Update: U.S. to provide increased support to Syrian opposition forces
Uplifting video from Syria
Urgent message from United Nations: Wake up before it's too late
Utah Republican: Make the NFL pay taxes
Utah governor puts same-sex marriages 'on hold'
Utah opposition to marriage equality grasps at straws
Utah public health official confused on the concept of public health and vaccines
VA-Gov: CNN is either lazy, stupid, or just likes parroting anti-Obamacare Tea Party talking points
VW expansion in the south in danger over labor issues, says works council leader
Vacation time: Counting on luck in the U.S., relying on law in Europe
Vaccine—which will NOT cause 'mental retardation'—has slashed HPV rates
Value work? Then tax capital at the same rate as labor
Van Hollen: 'Misleading' GOP budget relies on Obamacare savings
Verdict reached in Zimmerman murder trial: Not guilty
Vergara v. California: The most dangerous lawsuit you probably haven't heard of
Vermont does the time warp: A conference on civility in political discourse
Vermont likely to raise its minimum wage, but sick leave is another story
Veterans struggle in an economy rigged to benefit the top 1%
Vice President Palin demands that the Senate obey President Cruz
Video of President Obama's comments on Trayvon Martin killing
Virginia Democrats clear bills to undo abortion restrictions, although chances of passage are nil
Virginia GOP chairman mocks critics who say his party is too extreme
Virginia GOP in full retreat, anvil time!
Virginia Republican Frank Wolf calls it quits, gives Democrats a top pickup opportunity
Virginia Republicans are mad, sad, and ready to defend discrimination
Virginia Republicans nix Medicaid expansion
Virginia Senate votes down forced ultrasounds, but repeal won't pass House
Virginia gubernatorial election benchmarks
Virginia is for lovers (terms and conditions may apply)
Virginia state Sen. Creigh Deeds in critical condition after stabbing
Virginia state senator explains 'host' status of pregnant women
Virginia, New Jersey, and 2016: is the tea party breaking?
Vitter blocks DOE nominee over delays in NASA's Orion project that have nothing to do with her
Vladimir Putin is just the latest bully in the thousand-year struggle for Ukrainian nationhood
Vladimir Putin: The New York Times' New Columnist
Volkswagen and the UAW: Will Republicans still 'get government out of the way'?
Vote #38 on Obamacare set for next week in Boehner's House
Vote on Republican food stamp starvation bill expected today
Voter registration arrangement with health exchanges may not be as robust as administration claimed
Voters are not happy with Rob Portman and Mark Kirk's votes blocking unemployment aid
Voters aren't going to like Boehner's excuses for blocking unemployment aid vote
Voting commission gets kudos for its recommendations, but will they be enacted or shelved?
WE decide what you need to know...
WIC program for kids and moms has the money to get through October. Then the shutdown zaps them too
WSJ columnist: If you're raped while drunk, you're just as guilty as the rapist
WV House unanimously passes chemical storage tank bill requiring inspections, long-term health study
Wage theft outstrips bank, gas station and convenience store robberies
Wage-earning Americans are losing ground in race to the bottom and the slippage is not over yet
Wait, the NFL is a 'non-profit' organization?
Waitresses can be fired for weight gain
Walker linked to secret e-mail system
Walker mum on secret email system
Walker's Wisconsin jobs record lags behind Democratic neighbor Minnesota
Walker: Newly released emails are 'old news' so stop asking me about them
Wall Street Dems at Third Way love Elizabeth Warren. Honest, they do!
Wall Street Journal: Criticism of 'progressive Kristallnacht' letter shows it was right
Wall Street presenting its candidates for 2014
Wall Street profits are down but bonuses are up
Walmart asks its workers to donate Thanksgiving food ... to Walmart workers
Walmart brags that almost half its workers make $25,000 a year. That's something to brag about?
Walmart cares
Walmart could pay workers $14.89 an hour without raising prices
Walmart fires and disciplines dozens of worker activists
Walmart hires Christie cronies to turn no into yes
Walmart manager: 'They don’t have enough people to get the job done'
Walmart protests lead to 100 arrests in 11 cities; more actions planned for Black Friday
Walmart protests rack up more than 110 arrests nationwide
Walmart skips meeting on compensation for Bangladesh factory victims
Walmart social strategy director poses as 'proud associate' to cheer Walmart online
Walmart strikers and supporters arrested in civil disobedience in cities across the country
Walmart takes a beating for asking its workers to donate food to other Walmart workers
Walmart to go to trial over warehouse working conditions, judge rules
Walmart tries—and fails badly—to push back against workers' awful stories
Walmart warehouse kept workers on the job in sub-zero weather
Walmart worker activists claim small victories even as management dismisses their impact
Walmart workers strike in Maryland, Minnesota, and more ahead of Black Friday
Walmart workers' Thanksgiving dinner will be on the job, not home with their families
Walmart's big 'made in America' PR push is just that—a PR push
Walmart's green energy claims mask climate pollution at oil company levels
Walmart's low prices and big profits have a high cost
Walmart's retaliation against striking workers to go before a judge
Walmart: Job killer, not job creator
Wanna know why Republicans fear Obamacare?
Want a flexible work schedule? It helps to be a man
Want to know what can go wrong when the government collects data on you?
Want to reduce poverty among women? Raise the minimum wage
Want to stop hunger? Shift the food industry to plant-based foods
Want weaker minimum wage or drunk driving laws? Meet the one-stop shop for industry spin
War Making is Hell
War hawks reunion tour
War on Voting: SCOTUS edition
War on poverty, income inequality and wealth disparity not a winning message
Warehouse workers moving Walmart goods strike over unsafe conditions and retaliation
Warren to AFL-CIO: 'Our agenda is America's agenda'
Warren, architect of the CFPB, applauds end of obstruction
Warren: It's Democrats' duty to change the filibuster rules
Washington Post columnist: Racism is a 'conventional view'
Washington Post editorial: House Republicans are failing Americans in their effort to kill Obamacare
Washington Post embarrasses itself on federal budget
Washington Post exclusive: Straight couple gets married
Washington Post now partnering with odious climate change denier blog
Washington Post should keep up the journalism and publish the suppressed NSA interview
Washington Post's Rubin declares racism solved, says Obama dishonest for his 'racial archeology'
Washington Post: White House may insist on repealing sequester as part of spending deal
Washington Republican wants to weaken minimum wage law
Washington governor places moratorium on death penalties in the state
Washington is not broken
Washington's ALEC toady still running from press
Washington, D.C., city council passes large retailer living wage bill despite Walmart threats
Washington, DC, city council passes minimum wage increase and expands paid sick leave
Washington, DC, city council votes to raise minimum wage
Watch Paul Ryan spin how Republicans don't offer jack
Watch how Republicans guaranteed a shutdown
Watch polarization in the House shrink and grow, from the 1850s to today
Watch this ex-congressman leave everyone speechless on Meet The Press
Watch two conservative ladies discuss Obamacare
Waxman retirement reflects end of era of effective Congress
We are all environmentalists now
We can't be spectators to slaughter, except for all those other slaughters
We can't win big if our people don't vote
We have officially reached peak 'Obamacare/Dems in disarray' delusion
We must go to war. Just not in Syria
We told you so: Obamacare repeal is a stinker of an issue to run on
We'll all need a bottle of rum if this House Republican gets his default wish
We're from the GOP and we're here to help
We're still on for the Ronald Wilson Reagan commemorative oil slick, right?
We're well on our way to the most incompetent Congress ever
Weak consumer spending rise in July shows negative impact of sequester
Weak report shows 148,000 jobs created, far lower than expected. Unemployment falls to 7.2%
Weekly address: Obama calls on Congress to pass budget, debt ceiling
Weekly address: Obama sees progress, but says he remains willing to use force in Syria
Welcome to Hooters! Is that a gun in your pants, or ... GunFAIL LX
Welcome to Lowe's! How may I shoot you? (P.S. 23 kids accidentally shot last week) GunFAIL LI
Welcome to the GOP clown show, 2016 edition
Welcome to the friendly skies! Republican shutdown means nearly 3,000 safety inspectors off the job
Welcome to the unemployment aid hall of shame, Mark Kirk
Well, somebody is playing eleventy billion dimensional chess
Well-intended, but Native American Heritage Month and Day are mostly superficial affairs
Wendy Davis explains the difference between herself and Ted Cruz
Wendy Davis for Governor, update
Wendy Davis for Texas governor
Wendy Davis gets some good advice from Kirsten Gillibrand on Washington visit
Wendy Davis is ready for next round of abortion fight
Wendy Davis stands (literally) against the War on Women
Wendy Davis will run for governor ... if you have her back
Wendy Davis: Texas GOP's War on Women's health goes much deeper than one anti-abortion bill
Wendy Davis: The moment when real Texans stood up and said enough
West Virginia governor: 'It's your decision' whether to drink water
West Virginia water relief trucks filled with contaminated water
West faces huge fire season, while sequester hits Forest Service
What Aitzaz can teach Christie, Wildstein and Kelly
What Texas Republicans really think about abortion and birth control
What Zombie Reagan doesn't tell us about the poor
What are your chances at upward mobility? Depends where you live
What do Hitler, the super-rich and journalistic hackery have in common?
What do you mean they were tracking MY phone calls?!?!
What does the NSA have to hide now?
What drove you nuts in the middle of the thankfulness?
What happens if Obamacare is repealed?
What happens if the traditional broadcast model of television collapses?
What happens when Obamacare works
What if legislators didn't have to draw majority-minority districts? Democrats would lose big
What if white violence was covered like minority violence?
What is the military hiding on sexual assault?
What is the path to an America beyond capitalism?
What kind of 'business' are Republicans really fighting for?
What makes the conservative base tick: fear and worry
What polling tells us (and what it doesn't) about public reaction to NSA revelations
What the 1 percent thinks about you
What the Chris Christie scandal tells us about the NSA spying scandal
What the Democrats should give the Republicans, to help them save face
What the NSA is doing with all our data
What the Obamacare fix does, and how it could be better
What the Republicans are going to win in this shutdown fight
What the hell are House Republicans doing with immigration?
What will House Republicans who voted for ENDA in 2007 do in 2013?
What would Boehner do?
What would they say if Obama made the mistake this House Republican made about 'Amazing Grace'?
What's a wingnut to do now that the IRS 'scandal' has fizzled?
What's in it for me? Your Obamacare health insurance options
What's more important: Millions of hungry Americans or 0.04% of the federal budget?
What's next for filibuster reform
What's so bad about the State of Daily Kos?
What's the difference between a Medicare navigator and an Obamacare navigator?
What's the matter with Kansas? It's running out of water due to cattle production
What's the most Jewish congressional district in America?
When Republicans start calling Obamacare 'free health care,' that means it's working
When a judge 'gets it' on racism: The decision in Floyd v. City of New York
When are we going to invade communist Alaska?
When did Christie know? The governor's subtle shift
When did your county's population peak? This map shows you
When does an Obamacare enrollment count as an enrollment?
When does lying about Obamacare become immoral and evil?
When is $2.1 billion just chump change?
When is a war...
When is enough going to be enough for Senate Democrats to go nuclear?
When it comes to war, Americans learned their lesson. Even conservatives
When rape is a 'personal injury'
When tea partiers turn on one of their own
When the Texas anti-abortion bill author wasn't worried about kids who were 'not born yet'
When your government urges you to lose money
Where Americans are moving to and from, in one gorgeous chart
Where do we go from here on net neutrality?
Where have the Blue Dogs gone? (and what it means for the Democratic Party's future)
Wherein I talk about solutions to the worst effects of climate change
Which stores are open and which are closed on Thanksgiving?
While Congress fights over memorials, Republican shutdown risks health and safety of millions
While Fort Lee was gridlocked, Christie was with guy who made it happen
While President Barack W. Obama celebrated John McCain's birthday, Louisiana flooded
While Republicans condemn monument closings, millions of less visible Americans are put in danger
While the Supreme Court was announcing its DOMA decision ... Fox covered the Hernandez arrest
While you were sleeping, President Obama, Democrats, reopened the government
Whiny rural Colorado Republicans demand secession
White House begins budget talks with Senate Republicans
White House blasts amendment curtailing the NSA's power
White House challenges Democratic Senators who want more Iran sanctions to admit they want war
White House considering deal to cave on some judicial nominees
White House drops chained Consumer Price Index for Social Security
White House extends deadline for purchasing health insurance
White House losing patience on judicial nominations
White House makes its case for action in Syria
White House meeting with Senate Republicans ends with no deal
White House said to be telling senators who don't want Larry Summers as Fed chief to bug off
White House says Obama 'happy' that GOP is talking about debt limit hike, but notes lack of details
White House says Social Security cuts not in budget, but still on the table
White House says report was wrong and people CAN register to vote when signing up for Obamacare
White House skeptical Syria will give up chemical weapons, but open to talks
White House spokesman: Syria diplomacy will 'take some time'
White House to begin Obamacare promotion blitz
White House trying to salvage surgeon general nomination
White House, Democrats begin huge PR offensive on Obamacare
White House: 4.2 million signed up for Obamacare through February
White House: No 'intention' to attack Syria without congressional authorization
White House: Obama would veto Boehner-Cruz bill to defund Obamacare
White House: Oval Office speech on Syria attack 'still under consideration'
White House: Syria has used chemical weapons
White guys are an endangered species, and everyone else votes wrong
White person makes restaurant ask party of 25 blacks to leave
White power and racism in the youth generation
White privilege and the hail of bullets that wasn't
White privilege, black blaming, and dissing the first lady
Whites are the only important demo for Republicans ... if they want to keep losing
Who can own the future?
Who can't buy a beer on Counter-Earth?
Who did they get to fix the Obamacare website?
Who knew Jesse Helms was so popular in Calgary?
Who said it? 'You have to emphasize the faults of the capitalist system'
Who wants ALEC co-chair in Washington Senate? No? Then get involved
Who wants to primary the incredibly problematic Dan Maffei?
Who's more overworked than you? House Republicans. No, really!
Who's to blame for climate change?
Whoop-de-do. Halliburton to pay fine for destroying evidence that is 0.03% of 2nd quarter profits
Why 'will' and 'can't' are dangerous words in understanding the battle for the House in 2014
Why Calgary Cruz is the best NRSC vice chairman Democrats have ever had
Why Ken Cuccinelli is creepy
Why Louie Gohmert continues to be America's Dumbest Congressman
Why Mary Landrieu's Obamacare bill is a political winner
Why Mitt didn't pick Christie
Why Obamacare could really work, and could eventually mean larger reforms
Why are so many conservative politicians brandishing guns?
Why can't they compromise?
Why did Harry Reid go nuclear? Here's why, in one image
Why did Obama let this happen, and other questions on Ukraine
Why do Republicans hate America's National Parks?
Why do Republicans hate children?
Why does Ted Cruz hate the free market?
Why enrollment numbers aren't the final story for Obamacare success
Why extending unemployment benefits must be paid for
Why one Supreme Court decision caused euphoria, the other didn't
Why the Third Way hates Sen. Elizabeth Warren
Why the U.S. should treat health care like a utility, not a market
Why the balance of power in the Senate could be decided well before November
Why this crazy cartogram of Washington is the best way to understand elections
Why voting rights are under assault
Wichita lawmaker introduces bill clarifying who can beat your children
Wife-rapists find their dream candidate
Will 'blue slips' end Obama's dreams for the judiciary?
Will Arizona Gov. Brewer sign bill allowing businesses to turn away gay customers?
Will Healthcare.gov problems push Latinos to the GOP? Um. No.
Will House wackos let NRCC get away with saying they aren't all 'crazy climate deniers'?
Will Iran sanctions bill proponents support a war tax?
Will Senate Democrats do real filibuster reform this time?
Will Ted Cruz filibuster his way to disaster?
Will Terri Lynn Land pledge not to attack Gary Peters' kids in Senate campaign?
Will Washington, D.C., be a national example for fighting Walmart?
Will Washington, DC, city council give big box workers a living wage or bow to Walmart's threats?
Will supporting immigration reform cost Rubio the 2016 GOP nomination?
Will the 'young invincibles' sign up for health insurance? Yes, if Obama can reach them
Will the Supreme Court take its latest chance to weaken unions?
Will the public comments of foes of the Keystone XL pipeline sway President Obama to say nay?
Will there be a mass exodus from Congress over Obamacare?
Will women revolt in 2014 or let others control their interests?
Willard gets Christie's back: 'When he tells you something, you can count on it'
Wimp Democrats look to split the baby on minimum wage
Wimpy Darrell Issa can't stand the heat, so he gets out of the kitchen
Win- Win with Obamacare
Winners of Whatcom County, Washington, council races could nix proposed coal-exporting terminal
Winning the shutdown battle wasn't enough. Democrats must stand united to win the budget fight
Winter solstice: The day the sun stands still
Wiretapping Saves
Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker signs forced ultrasounds into law
Wisconsin Republican dumps his bill to limit wealthy patron's child support payments
Wisconsin Republicans to strip more worker protections
With Chris Christie and Ted Cruz in the spotlight, Rick Perry fights for political relevance
With DOMA's fall, the battle for the states heats up
With Gov. Pat McCrory in the audience, Colin Powell blasts North Carolina's racist voter law
With Grand Bargain 2.0 coming, Grand Bargain 1.0 talks still going
With Republican Rep. Cory Gardner's entry, PPP finds a 2-point race for Senate in Colorado
With Republican Rep. Doug Lamborn at the helm, subcommittee hearing praises coal, blasts regulations
With a sneaky short-circuit, conservatives are about to curtail abortion rights in Michigan
With control of the Colorado Senate in the balance, Republicans start pushing another recall
With drama worthy of an epic technothriller, John Boehner gets insurance under Obamacare
With immigration reform on the ropes in the House, GOPers look for who to blame
With incredibly narrow recount victory, Democrats retake the Virginia Senate
With just 41 votes, Republican senators block veterans benefits bill
With nuclear option held at bay, maybe it's time for the talking filibuster
With the Florida special election on a knife's edge, we're calling the race a pure tossup
Woman in debunked Obamacare horror story finally speaks ... to Fox News
Women's History: Asian and Asian Pacific Islander Americans
Women's History: Latinas
Women's History: Native Americans
Women's health care going from bad to worse in Texas
Women's history: The abolitionists
Women's pay gap looks better because men's average pay has gotten worse
Wondering where the real Benghazi scandal is? Look no further than Darrell Issa
Workers at biggest fast food companies need billions in public assistance
Workers at one Florida Walmart strike for more hours
Workers in Walmart warehouse get $4.7 million wage theft settlement
Workers say Walmart's 'extra day's pay' for Thanksgiving is a sham
Workin' in the data mine...
Working poverty is a hot trend thanks to low-wage jobs
World AIDS Day: From the Reagan White House to the Obama White House, nowhere to go but up
World War II veterans bypass barricades at memorial closed by Republican shutdown
Worst Congress in history still trying to decide whether to end shutdown and avoid default
Would raising the minimum wage help Walmart?
Wow! White House sends out its climate big gun to educate about the 'polar vortex'
Wrap your brain around this: All the work to get Obamacare is worth it
Wyden, Udall vindicated: Loophole allows for warrantless searches of phone and email records
Wyden, Udall, Heinrich blast intelligence committee NSA 'reform' bill
Wyden: Clapper had advanced warning of data collection question
Wyoming Republicans enthusiastic for a Liz Cheney candidacy ... in Virginia
Wyoming's Troy Mader wrote self-published book promoting AIDS conspiracy theories
Yeah, Republicans have finally got Hillary just where they want her
Year in crazy, part one
Year in crazy, part two
Yep, Clinton Derangement Syndrome is definitely back
Yep, Mitt Romney is still bitter
Yep, you can get yourself gay married in California this weekend!
Yes! Oregon becomes fourth state to block food stamp cuts and restore all funding
Yes, CPAC is a media darling, and that's not a good thing for them
Yes, GOP obstruction of Obama nominees is unprecedented
Yes, Obamacare is a trainwreck. For House Republicans.
Yes, one more Koch brothers anti-Obamacare ad to debunk
Yes, she should ... run for lieutenant governor of Nevada
Yes, the wrong, wrong, wrong Larry Summers is still a bad choice for chairman of the Federal Reserve
Yet another bad poll for Chris Christie
Yet another coal-related spill flows into a West Virginia creek as clean-up of two others continues
Yet another revelation in North Carolina government's reckless indifference to Duke Energy pollution
Yet more evidence of Obama's Marxist apocalypse
Yet one more 'moderate' Republican bails on the House
You can't have American flags on sticks in the Virginia capitol, but you can have a gun
You don't want your school Christmas party to go like this.
You have got to be kidding. But I really hope you're not.
You know shutdown optics were terrible when THESE guys voted to reopen government
You know who else closed parks...
You too can live in the past at the NRCC online store
You vs. Corporations
You want to know how Fox News misleads its viewers? Here's how.
You won't believe this new abortion decision, or who decided it.
You won't believe why MSNBC cut away from this interview
You won't cut Pentagon budget by targeting troops
You won't likely hear about the 'Better Off Budget' on 'Meet the Press,' but you can push it anyway
You'll eat chicken processed in China and you won't even know it
You're terminated!
Young Conservatives of Texas plan 'Catch an illegal immigrant' game
Young Republicans confirm that their peers hate Republicans
Your Congress not doing much at all
Your birth control is on the long list of reasons the House GOP would shut down government
Your breakfast is big business and low wages
Your gubernatorial campaign might be in trouble if...
Your health plan changing? Employers, insurers largely to blame
Your one stop Obamacare shop
Yup, the House is in play in 2014
Zimmerman 'got away with murder,' says juror in interview with ABC
Zimmerman and Martin: Some facts so simple that even Fox 'News' should be able to understand
Zimmerman could face civil rights charges, but in the meantime he'll get to carry his pistol again
Zimmerman drones
Zimmerman gets justice
Zimmerman lawyer wants 'stand your ground' jury instructions limited to cases he says warrant them
Zimmerman not guilty, but ALEC sure as hell is
Zimmerman walks
jungle culture