
!!CONTROLAR!! Why Democrats Fight English & Assimilation
"**** The EU" - US State Department Blasts Europe; Revealed As Alleged Mastermind Behind Ukraine
"..if I've done any of you a bad turn.." spoken by Iranian passenger on his FB page
"12th Man" - Inside Texas A&M's License Agreement with the Seattle Seahawks
"50 to 1" (NM's Greatest Horse Story Now a Movie)
"A Jetson Christmas Carol" (1985)
"A Worthy Burden" - My Apologetic Story
"A few words on privilege… " (I hate crap like this)
"ALL POLITICS IS LOCAL"
"Advent Trees" (Sermon for the Second Sunday in Advent, on Matthew 3:1-12 and Isaiah 11:1-10)
"Aggressive" Salespeople Arrested in Petaluma
"American Renaissance" Matt Bevin - US Senate - KY (New ad)
"And Forgive Us Our Trespasses . . ." (Sermon on the Lord's Prayer)
"And I Carry" - The real face of permit-to-carry holders in Minnesota
"Arguments evolutionists should not use" (article)
"BOOTMGR is missing" "press Ctrl+Alt+Del to restart"...now what?
"Band of Brothers" WWII Vet Bill Guarnere Dies at 90
"Barks for Bruno" Honor Anaheim (CA) Police Dog Wounded
"Behind The Kiev Snipers It Was Somebody From The New Coalition", A Stunning New Leak Reveals
"Best" states to buy insurance in?
"Big Block of Cheese Day" - The White House is Open for Questions
"Big Mouth Billy Bass" Scares Away Burglar at Bait & Tackle Shop
"Big Oil" Production Decline 'Big oil' getting smaller as production keeps falling
"Bring Bedouins to Justice for Violence against Police"
"Bring Them Home : Activists fight for return of longtime illegal immigrants
"Bugs Bunny's Looney Christmas Tales"(1979)
"CAUCUS" directed by AJ Schnack [on tv Sunday]
"CNN Viewer Has Questions" for Mike Rowe of 'Dirty Jobs'
"Cave men"
"Compassionate Conservatism" ... Kill It With Fire!
"Cosmos- A SpaceTime Odessey" -–Tonight 'Rivers of Life' covers Evolution and Mass Extinction Events
"Crimea is Only the First Step": Former Putin Adviser
"Dirty Jobs" Mike Rowe on the High Cost of College
"Disappointed" US: State Dept Spokesperson Tells Chinese Reporter to Go Get a Dictionary (trunc)
"Don't Flush Your Toilets" Mayor Says As Ohio Water Supply Freezes; Niagara Falls Frozen
"Doomed"
"Dots need to be collected so as to be connected." (What about suspicionless dots, per the NSA?
"Draconian" Cuts in Food Stamp Program?
"Duck Dynasty" backlash shows red-state spending muscle
"Duck Dynasty" launches its own line of guns
"Duck Dynasty" star Phil Robertson urged marrying 'em very young in 2009 video [my title]
"Evangelii Gaudium" on Islam: Outreach or Overreach?
"Facing Our Truth: 10-Minute-Plays - Trayvon, Race & Privilege" Will Be Presented at City University
"Fecklessness has its rewards!" Why Barack Obama will be the next UN Secretary-General
"Fiddler on the Roof," returning to Broadway
"Foreclosure Rebound Pattern": Foreclosure Starts SUDDENLY Jump 57% in California
"Francis Effect" analysis: Confessions in sharp decline Why? Saint Thomas Aquinas explains
"Francis Effect"? Popular Pope Has Catholics Praying More, Poll Finds
"Free Justina!" Why Did Massachusetts Take This Sick Girl From Her Parents In The First Place?
"Freedom" Ukraine in response to Russia's actions in the Crimea resume nuclear status
"Full of Good Works, Dearly Missed, in Resurrection Hope" (Funeral sermon on Acts 9:36-42)
"Gay" is The New "Green"
"Gifted Speakers" (Sermon for the Second Sunday after the Epiphany, on John 1:29-42a, 1 Cor. 1:1-9)
"Give Us This Day Our Daily Bread" (Sermon on the Lord's Prayer)
"Glory Drenched In Blood Will Pave China’s Road To Revitalization"
"God's Not Dead" Matches 1st Week Revenue....Unheard Of fFeat!!!
"God's Not Dead" Movie Going Wild with film Viewers Across the Country!!
"Going Postal", husband of Dianne Feinstein has been selling post offices to his friends, cheap.
"Had Mitt and I Won, This Would Not Be Necessary"
"Hallowed Be Thy Name" (Sermon on the Lord's Prayer)
"History of Putnam"
"Homophobia"? Really?
"Hoodies for Hobos" Turns Homeless Into Walking Banner Ads
"Hooky Heroes" Get Community Service After Ditching Class, Saving Woman From Fire
"Hope of the Gentiles" (Advent sermon on Romans 15:4-13)
"House of Cards" in West Virginia
"I AM RUSSIAN FROM ODESSA - and I will be defending my country - Ukraine with ARMS "
"I Am A Little Sister Of The Poor" -
"I Don't Bluff": Suppose the president never intended to roll back Iran’s nuclear program...
"I Don't Want A GOP 'Tony Soprano' Tough Guy" Said No GOP Primary Voter Ever.
"I sleep, but my heart is awake"
"I trade my food stamps for cash to buy beer, vodka and cigarettes"
"I'll Have the Dhimmi Double Burger" - KFC Restaurant Pulls Bacon Burgers to Appease Muslims ...
"I'm Not A Reptile" - New Zealand Prime Minster John Key Publicly Denies That He Is A Lizard Person
"I'm no hero, I'm just doing my job in a bad situation,"...Clyde Kawasaki....
"If You Are the Son of God" (Sermon for the First Sunday in Lent, on Matthew 4:1-11)
"Insensitive" menu causes problems for Calif high school black history month event
"Jesus Make It Warm!"
"Jesus Really Means What He Says" (Sermon for Seventh Sunday after the Epiphany; Matthew 5:38-48)
"Knockout Game" Attack Leads To Hate Crime Charge
"LIBERTY RALLY" SET FOR TULSA FEB. 23, 2014
"Leaky" Leahy: “We need to stop Government from controlling the American People”
"Lies! I Was Cheated" -- Pope Francis' Daring Statement About Mary
"Life After PI"--the Oscar winning FX company goes bankrupt
"Life and Blessing in God's Commandments" (Sermon, Sixth Sunday after the Epiphany, Deut. 30:15-20)
"Light in the Darkness" (Advent sermon on Romans 13:8-14)
"Love Boat" Goes To The Breakers ... Decrepit Pacific Princess Hulk Awaits Turkish Scrappers
"MATT BEVIN - LIVE FROM KENTUCKY" National Conference Call - MP3 Audio
"Married Lesbian couple" to have daughter baptized - and first the "two mothers" will be confirmed
"Maybe He's Not Gay" Hits Home Run, Catches Homo-Activist Flak
"Most Wanted" Felon Googles Himself, Sees His Photo,Then Surrenders
"N-Word Penalty"Question.What About When White Players Calling Each Other "White Names".?
"Neil" - KSP Cinematic (Kerbal Space Program)
"New" Book, <i>Hypersonic Revolution: The Quest for the Orbital Jet</i>
"No more greenbacks
"Noah the Movie" - New Free 30-Minute Noah Movie
"Noah" World Premiere in Mexico City Gets Mixed Reception
"OK, Set the Crosses on Fire It's Time for the Birth Control Lecture" Margaret Sanger and the KKK
"Old School" Hot Rods and Customs - Part 2 (Many photos!)
"On Us a Light Has Dawned" (Sermon for the Third Sunday after the Epiphany, on Matthew 4:12-25)
"Our Father Who Art in Heaven" (Sermon for Ash Wednesday on Matthew 6:1-21; The Lord's Prayer)
"Politically Incorrect" South Park Clip. Teacher / Student "Relationship."
"Poor" or Lawless Tools of the White Left?
"Praying Through" by R.A. Torrey [Devotional]
"Preppers Festival" New Castle, VA on April 19th, 2014
"Puppy Love" Budweiser TV Spot for Super Bowl XLVIII.
"QE Was A Massive Gift Intended To Boost Wealth", Fed President Admits
"Rachel Weeping, and a Son Called out of Egypt" (Sermon for First Sunday after Christmas; Matthew 2)
"Raiders of the Lost Ark" Last Movie to be Shown at San Jose Century Theatres
"Rejoicing in the God Who Has Taught Us" (Sermon on Psalm 71:17-18)
"Ricky" [adorable kitten video]
"Some People Can Come Into Your Life and Without Even Knowing it, Change it Forever"
"Soros Put" Hits Record As Billionaire's Downside Hedge Rises By 154% in Q4 To $1.3 Billion
"Soros Put" Hits Record As Downside Hedge Rises By 154% To $1.3 Billion (Bet's big market crashes)
"Stolen Passport" Passenger On Missing Malaysian Airlines Jet Identified
"That's My King"
"The Conversation": Preparing for the great global Internet handover
"The Decrying Game": Remember, remember, to date a transgender
"The Five" are for legalizing Marijuana
"The Great Apostasy" [Very Catholic]
"The Greatest Achievement in Human History": The Global Reduction in Poverty
"The Jesus Face Database" Maps Out Every Farm Animal And Foodstuff In Which Christ Has Risen
"The Jesus Film" Celebrating 35 Years - Enhanced Version Just Released
"The List": Obama's Two Hundred and Fifty-Sixth Week in Office
"The Mask" Espionage Malware
"The Miracles of Christmas" (Sermon for Christmas Day, on John 1:1-18)
"The Principle" Documentary Trailer
"The Reactionary Generation": traditional Catholic values sweep French politics
"The Right Priorities: Health, Education, and Literacy"
"The Samaritan Woman at the Well" (Sermon for the Third Sunday in Lent, on John 4:5-30, 39-42)
"The Savage Nation" Radio Show Weekly Thread - Jan. 13-17, 2014 - 3 to 6pmET
"The Savage Nation" Radio Show Weekly Thread - Jan. 20-24, 2014 - 3 to 6pm ET
"The Savage Nation" Weekly Thread - Jan. 27-31, 2014 - 3 to 6 pmET
"The Strongest Evidence We Have that Background Checks Really Matter"
"The Unparalleled Invasion" - Jack London's prophecy of the West's necessary genocide of the Chinese
"The War on Humans" documentary Feb. 17, 2014
"The Word of the Cross, the Power of God" (Sermon for Fifth Sunday after the Epiphany; 1 Cor. 1-2)
"There Has Never Been a Palestinian State - That's a Lie"
"They Had No Idea If My Insurance Was Active or Not"
"This is Obama's Year of Action!"
"This is not America"
"This is what happens when a society loses faith. Humans lose their humanity."
"Thy Kingdom Come" (Sermon on the Lord's Prayer)
"Thy Will Be Done" (Sermon on the Lord's Prayer)
"Tips for Jesus" Outed as Ex-PayPal's Jack Selby: Reports
"To Fulfill All Righteousness" (Sermon for the Baptism of Our Lord, on Matthew 3:13-17)
"Trained to Kill"
"True Detective" Finale: Your Thoughts
"Useless and Unproductive"
"Vikings" vs "The Vikings"
"Wake up America," says family involved in BLM cattle dispute
"Watch and Remember": The New Testament and the Great Apostasy
"We used the information from the state agency to start an application for you on HealthCare.gov."
"WeatherNation" : CAN IT GET ANY WORSE?
"Wellness in Nebraska Act" LB887 is Legislative Malpractice
"What God hath joined together... and The Cultural Revolution of Cardinal Kasper"
"What's in a Name?" More than You might Think
"Where Is God? Answer: Immanuel" (Sermon for Christmas Eve, on Matthew 1:18-25)
"Who am I to judge" forces Nigerian Bishops' Conference President to explain himself
"Why is Our Government Doing This to Us?"
"Yes Minister", St. Edward’s And The Empty Peace (Yes, Minister Flashback)
"Zot" (Words With Friends)
"[Michael]Mann deleted the later part of Briffa’s trees, because it didn’t match GISS temperatures."
#1 Best Food Storage Seminar! Wendy DeWitt (VIDEO)
#ARSen: How much trouble for Pryor? Dem group spending $310k on one ad against his opponent
#BackBuck and Boot Udall
#BanBossy: The Cow Stands Alone
#COSen: Guy who had insurance cancelled by Obamacare will run against Mark Udall
#Don'tPluckTheDuck
#FL13: A late ‘surge’ for Republicans in tomorrow’s special election?
#FL19: Hilarious Super Bowl ad questions Obama’s basketball skills (Radel seat)
#FL19: ‘Forensic Files’ narrator featured in SuperPAC ad
#FREEREID: Rogers (MN) student suspended over tweet (10 week suspension)
#HowProLifeRU
#IASen: Bruce Braley (D) just got caught in a ’47 percent’ moment
#ID02: Congressman makes the case for bringing back earmarks
#ID02: Right when it matters, Rep. Mike Simpson gets a ridiculously awful ACU rating
#LASen: AFP hits Landrieu over health care cancellations (Why Dems want more IRS targeting)
#MISen Poll: Land (R) up 8 points over Peters (D)
#MISen: This is the most brutal anti-Obamacare ad yet
#NCSen: Kay Hagan is in some serious trouble
#SCSen: An opening for Lindsey Graham’s opponents?
#SaveJosh: Virginia boy's family pleads for drug to save his life
#Srirachapocalypse? Sriracha hot sauce shortage begins as sales halted
#TX04: I got all these wrinkles fighting liberalism (Ralph Hall primary)
#TXGov: ‘I am the epitome of hard work and optimism’ — a note on the use of imprecise language
#VA10: Wasinger jumps in as conservative challenger
#WarOnWomen: ‘Obamacare bully’ Rep. Gary Peters tries to silence mom battling cancer [video]
#Winning, Like Never Before
$0.60 FOR CAKE: AL-QAIDA RECORDS EVERY EXPENSE
$0.60 for cake: Al-Qaida records every expense
$1 Extra in Pay Could Mean $20,000 More in Obamacare Premiums
$1 Trillion Farm Bill Full of Subsidies, Special Favors
$1 Trillion Spending Bill Emerges
$1 billion a year is spent on brain scans for headache sufferers
$1.1 Trillion Bill to Avoid Federal Shutdown Covers Many Local Interests (Beat Lamar!)
$1.5M Hotel Bill for President Obama's One-Day Visit to Brussels
$10 Million Gold Coin Find May Have Been Stolen from San Francisco Mint
$100 billion in improper welfare payments per year
$100,000 reward announced in Stradivarius violin theft
$100K Club' of NJ state pensioners balloons (Trickle Down Entitlements)
$100K Reward Announced In Fatal Pacific Palisades Hit-And-Run
$10M Gold Coin Hoard Found in Yard May Have Been Stolen From Mint
$113m in Gox Money Believed To Be Moving Through Block Chain
$12 an hour is conservative rocket fuel, says Ron Unz
$15 RTL-SDR for Radio Monitoring on your PC
$15 an hour minimum wage? Then move over you lazy bums - we are moving in to take your jobs!
$15 minimum wage means layoffs: White Castle exec
$1T farm bill deal could come Monday, House leaders say
$2.2 Trillion in Exports Puts "E" in PE
$20 Homeless Backpack Care Kit
$205 Trillion in Unfunded Liabilities
$22.33 PER VOTE: Amendment 66 Backers Break the Bank ( Colorado Unions, Bloomberg & )
$23 Trillion Chinese Credit Bubble Starting to Collapse – Global Financial Crisis Next?
$243M lotto winner drives into sunset with new lover
$3 Billion for Ukraine to Go Straight to…Russia
$33 million Faberge Egg discovered by scrap metal dealer
$4 billion: Bogus tax refunds a growing problem
$4.5 million Lamborghini Veneno Roadster makes its public debut…on an aircraft carrier!
$400,000 of Our Money for Camel Statue in Pakistan
$50 a week? Allowances keep climbing ["Better Economy"]
$500,000 Villa Sold in What May be Biggest Bitcoin Purchase on Record
$60,000 Fine for Small Talk
$60,000,000 shall be used for breastfeeding peer counselors
$600K Taken From Safe at Osteen's Megachurch [Prosperity Gospel?]
$600K in Donations Stolen from Joel Osteen’s Mega-Church [LISTEN]
&#1047;&#1040;&#1064;&#1058;&#1054;? WHY? Stories of bombed Yugoslavia (Clinton's Undeclared War)
&#57364;Top News Ray Price, 'The Cherokee Cowboy,' dies at 87
&#8203;Heineken Joins Sam Adams in Boycotting St. Patrick's Day Parade
&#8203;Kiev orders ‘state protection’ of protester-held govt HQ in Donetsk
'10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty' Is Latest In Bigfoot Craze
'10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty' Judges Skeptical of Hunter's New Claims
'19 Kids and Counting' stars: We won't kiss until marriage
'2016: Obama's America' Filmmaker Indicted for Violating Campaign Finance Laws
'21st century book burning,' U.S. official blog slams Ankara
'80s Pop Star Rants: 'I See No Difference Between Eating Animals and Pedophilia'
'A Promise Broken': Budget Deal Hits Military Retirees' Pensions
'A Terrorist's Place is in the Crosshairs of a Gun'
'A financial time bomb': [CT] State pension system is one of the country's most underfunded
'A little PC crept in': 'Rocket Boys' author Homer Hickam annoyed by politicization in 'Cosmos'
'A public safety disaster': Obamacare could force THOUSANDS of volunteer fire departments to close
'APOCALYPTIC': Storm Brigid rages towards UK bringing 150MPH KILLER winds, rain and SNOW
'Abdo Aga', Father of 56 Children Dies
'Abundant evidence' of crimes against humanity in North Korea, panel says
'Accept they're dead and prepare for their funerals': China's blunt message to MH370 families...
'Afghan Vets' Take To Barricades To Defend Ukraine's Protesters
'After 50 years of marriage, Phil finally gave Kay a wedding ring!'...
'Almost Orwellian' -- why Judge Leon is right about massive NSA spying program
'Alone Yet Not Alone' vs. Academy's 'Ethics'
'Amber' bomb bits set man's pants on fire
'America does not lead the world in the area of morality': Lech Walesa
'American Hustle' Cons Are 'Small Potatoes' to the Koch Brothers, Says Filmmaker
'American Hustle' portrayal of conman Weinberg's wife wrong
'American Idol' has its first openly gay contestant in 2014
'And they were naked – and not ashamed': Church allows nude worship
'Apartheid remains' in US, Jackson says
'Arrogant' Derby pervert priest Francis Paul Cullen worked for Tenerife newspaper
'BIG GOVERNMENT' REPUBLICANS FACING 'TAKEOVER'?
'Bad optics' for gun control advocates
'Ban Bossy' campaign started by Hillary Clinton donor -- ahead of 2016 run
'Be different or die' does not drive evolution
'Benefit Street' a hit reality TV show about welfare recipients slammed as 'poverty porn' by critics
'Big Bang Theory' actress 'fell in love with the neuron' and hopes other girls will, too
'Big cracks' appearing in ice around ship stranded in Antarctica
'Bio-Bot’ That Swims Like Sperm Is An 'Exciting Advance’ In Self-Propelled Biological Robots
'Bizarre' Cluster of Severe Birth Defects Haunts Health Experts
'Black holocaust denier Sarah Palin should eat her own crap'
'Blow Torch Rapist' Strikes Again In Detroit
'Boomerang' Buyers Expected to Boost Recovery in the New Year
'Brave German Woman' Rebukes Islam's Lie
'Britain's first and only Muslim drag queen' banned from discussing homosexuality....
'Burnt out' EU likely to curb climate goals
'Business Improvement Zones' = Property Taxes
'Cannibal Sandwiches' Sicken Wisconsin Residents ('Tiger Meat' & 'Steak Tartare' Come with E. Coli)
'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' Review: Pro Edward Snowden, Pro Freedom
'Charge Rage' – electric car owners get angry after having vehicles unplugged
'Charlize is a keeper!' Sean Penn confirms Theron relationship...(anti-gun nonsense)
'Cheese artisans' will feed French premier at outdoor White House State Dinner...
'Children Belong to All of Us,' Common Core Promoter Says; Opponents Are 'Tiny Minority'
'Chinese Martyrs Brigade' claims responsibility for flight MH370
'Climate change is a fact,' Obama declares
'Completely false': Sources on ground in Benghazi challenge NYT report
'Cosmos' 2nd episode: Neil deGrasse Tyson condescends toward doubters of evolution
'Cosmos' Recap: Halley's Comet History and 4 More Amazing Facts from Episode 3
'Cuddle Hormone' Nose Spray Tests Monogamy
'Culture of Encounter': An Opportunity to Deny Christ?
'DELIBERATE' TOO? Evidence of missteps by Malaysia mounts, complicating flight search
'Darth Vader' To Run For Presidency Of Ukraine
'Dead' banker arrested on $20m fraud charges ... after his apparent suicide
'Deep Freeze' Adding Inches of Ice to Great Lakes Levels
'Defect' on VA benefits site shares vets' personal details online
'Dependence' a worry as UN seeks more Philippines typhoon aid
'Different Republican' seeking Braley's seat (pro-choice, pro-Obamacare, etc)
'Disgusting' ads turning off York County voters
'Disparate impact' doctrine often hurts those it's intended to help
'Dropleton' quasiparticle makes its debut
'Drunk' driver makes it to his front door before realizing a cyclist is lodged in his windshield
'Duck Dynasty' - Other Networks Circle Like Sharks: If A&E Passes, We're In!
'Duck Dynasty' Carols Outselling Britney Spears, Lady Gaga
'Duck Dynasty' Company to Sponsor College Football Bowl Game
'Duck Dynasty' Debacle Has TV Industry Abuzz as A&E Charts New Territory [A&E made "rookie mistake"]
'Duck Dynasty' Family Inspiring Students to Pray at Public Schools
'Duck Dynasty' Fans Are Sending Me Ridiculous Hate Mail
'Duck Dynasty' Sponsor -- We Stand Behind Phil
'Duck Dynasty' Star Phil Robertson Also Under Fire for African-American Statements
'Duck Dynasty' Star Phil Robertson's Book Sales Spike Following 'Controversy'
'Duck Dynasty' Under Fire Following Star's Incendiary Anti-Gay Remarks
'Duck Dynasty' and the New Black List
'Duck Dynasty' backlash spotlights an uneasy reality in TV industry
'Duck Dynasty' debate explodes from TV to dinner tables, water coolers
'Duck Dynasty' has a new fan
'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson suspended by A&E (telling the truth about gays)
'Duck Dynasty' star: show leading students to pray
'Duck Dynasty': Before the furor, a lunch in Beverly Hills
'Duck Dynasty': Twitter Blocks 'iStandWithPhil.com' Content
'Duck Dynasty's' Phil Robertson on Indefinite Hiatus Following Anti-Gay Remarks
'Duck Dynasty's' Phil Robertson suspended for comments about gays
'Duck Dynasty's' black supporters
'Duck Dynasty,' 'The Bible' win big at Faith & Values Awards: What are they?
'Duck Dynasty,' meet Pope Francis
'Duck Dynasty’ star Sadie Robertson: Fame is not an excuse to lose your faith
'Dude Perfect' Stereotypes People at Gym in Latest Video
'Dunce v Muppets' at Prime Minister's Questions
'El Chapo' and El Banco: What You Haven’t Been Told
'Everybody Loves Raymond' Actress Patricia Heaton: 'Media Runs With Idea Christians Are Bad Guys'
'Evil Elmo' performer says bad rap isn't justified
'Fake' deaf Mandela signer had 'schizophrenic episode'
'Fast & Furious 7' delayed until April 2015
'Fast & Furious 7' to be released in April 2015
'Fatal spiral' of fiscal crises threatens global economy in 2014
'Feminist' MK Tough on Sex Crimes, but Only by Jews
'Few fights' bring cops running to school riot
'Fight terrorists until full elimination': Putin changes New Year address after Volgograd
'First vision visitation' of LdsIsm trumps Jesus' incarnational visitation via Bethlehem [Vanity]
'First visual sighting' boosts Malaysia airliner search
'Flummoxed' Democrats Distance Themselves from Newly Pro-Gun Wendy Davis
'Food desert' fallacy shocks liberals: You can't get poor people to eat healthier food
'Forced Birth' Mother Could Not Care For Child, Essex Social Services Say
'Free Pass'? Lawmakers say administration flouting law by releasing asylum seekers
'GAYS' NOW TURNING ATTENTION TO HOBBY LOBBY CASE
'GOD'S WORK' IS KILLING BABIES?
'GREEN BULLETS' OVERTAKING LEAD THANKS TO EPA, STATE REGS, MILITARY
'Game of Thrones' and 'Lord of the Rings' Connection: Is Gandalf's Sword on the Iron Throne?
'Gates called Netanyahu an ungrateful ally'
'Gay' sites go wild 'outing' GOP congressman (Aaron Schock)
'Gee dad, a Winchester’: Vintage gun adverts.
'Ghost Ship' Lyubov Orlova - Abandoned Cruise Ship Filled w/ Cannibal Rats Headed for British Shore
'Ghostbusters' Actor Harold Ramis Dies at 69
'Gilligan's Island' Star Russell Johnson Dies of Kidney Failure
'Gilligan's' Professor, Russell Johnson, dies at 89
'Give diplomacy a chance,' Obama says to Senate on Iran deal ["MY preference is....."]
'Global War on Christians' (John Allen Gives Testimony to U.S. House Subcommittee)
'God' sues Equifax for reporting that he has no financial history
'Gone With The Wind' actress Alicia Rhett dies at 98
'Gone With the Wind' Actress Mary Anderson Dies at 96
'Gospel of Jesus's Wife' likely isn't a modern forgery, scientists claim
'Got land? Thank an Indian' shirts hot commodity after controversy, seller says
'Great Train Robber' Ronnie Biggs dies at 84
'Ground zero' for the death penalty (Missouri)
'Gun violence, let 'em die': ["Socialist"] Shooter Karl Pierson mocked firearms laws, GOP on FB
'Halal' Pork Label an Insensitive Hoax: FairPrice
'Hand of God' Spotted by NASA Space Telescope (Photo)
'Hannity' Guest Confronts Lawmaker Who Called Clarence Thomas a ‘Very Prolific Uncle Tom’
'Have you ever seen such gross disrespect?': Judge blasts 'spoiled' cheerleader, 18
'He belongs to the ages': Obama, US leaders mourn Mandela's death
'Heaven Is for Real' Set for Easter Opening
'Honeymooners' Actor Frank Marth Dies at 91
'House of Cards' Actress: Senior Obama Official Told Me Reporters "Sleep with Sources"
'House' episode helps doctor diagnose rare cobalt poisoning
'How I Met Your Mother' ends a legendary run
'How I Met Your Mother' wraps up an impressive nine-year run with legendary finale
'How can we redistribute if there's no wealth?'
'Human Ken Doll' Justin Jedlica's Dreamhouse is Now Trump Tower
'I Am Angry': Oregon Governor Releases Obamacare Investigation Findings
'I Didn't Join to Be Sacrificed': U.S. Troops Fed Up with Risky Afghanistan Strategy
'I Stand With Phil' Petition Links Restored on Twitter
'I blew her head off... that was awesome!' Devastated family claims cop shot their beloved dog
'I can't be sure God does not exist' Richard Dawkins admits he is in fact agnostic
'I can't believe I've been shot': Last words of man killed by retired police captain (truncated)
'I have so little time left!' Jane Fonda, 76, she comes to terms with her own mortality
'I lived my way so I'm going to die my way': OJ Simpson 'goes on hunger strike in prison'
'I sleep with one eye open': Woman, 37, who was 'raped by
'I want to start a FAMILY': Yankees legend Derek Jeter explains reason for his shock retirement
'I was given every s*** job in the world by Obama': Biden makes astonishing revelations
'I was kidnapped by lapdancers wearing miniskirts, stilettos and Daisy Duke shorts'
'I would not let my son play football': Obama
'I'll Take You There': The Staple Singers' Rise From Church To Fame
'I'll be fighting Jews and Russians till I die': Ukrainian right-wing militants aiming for power
'I'm Going To Prison For Working At A Pot Shop That Was Legal In My State' [link only]
'I'm asking for forgiveness': Married Christian lawmaker apologizes after he's caught on video
'Idol' star Clay Aiken running for Congress
'If I had a Son': Race, Guns, and the Railroading of George Zimmerman {CSPAN video}
'If you don’t think what I do is not hard, you’re a damn idiot'
'Imagine: Living in a Socialist America'
'Inconvenience' a silly reason to block background checks
'Islamic takeover plot' in Birmingham schools investigated
'It was his last joyride': MH370 pilot was upset over wife moving
'It was important for us to suffer,' say Christians imprisoned in Iran
'It's going to be a dogfight:' Grimes leads McConnell in first Bluegrass Poll
'It's not Cheap to be a Jew in Europe' Rabbi explains that security worries mean high costs
'Jesus Christ, Superstar' US Tour Announced: 'The Time is Right,' Andrew Lloyd Webber Says
'Jews, Out of France!' (anti-Semitic rally)
'Juno' actress Ellen Page comes out as gay
'Kangaroo court' in Brockton, Mass. convicts pro-life activist Peter D'Attilio on three charges.
'Kerry Never Meant to Threaten Israel,' State Department Claims
'Kim Kardashian' Causes Saudi Couple’s Divorce
'King of Israel,' Ariel Sharon, Dead at 85
'Knockout Game' Punk Targets Woman, Gets Living Crap Beaten Out of Him! (video)
'Leading From Behind' to a New World Disorder
'Lefty' librarian beaten to pulp in Knockout Game 'I'm a lib but that didn't stop the violence'
'Legitimate media’ gives pass to disgraced Fast and Furious prosecutor
'Liberal Men Are Less Masculine' ... Millionaire Women Prefer Conservative Men Who 'Wear The Pants'
'Liberal men are less masculine': How millionaire women prefer conservative partners
'Liberal men less masculine': Millionaire women prefer conservative partners who 'wear the pants'
'Liberal' Is Good
'Liberty Tax': White House, Media Attack After Drudge Pays Obamacare Opt-Out Penalty
'Lie of the Year' -- Aided
'Like a chainsaw going wild': Tucson man recounts vicious pit bull attack (Tuscon, Dogs of Peace)
'Little Girl" : by the Syndicate of Sound {3min.video}
'Lone Survivor' Takes on CNN's Jake Tapper
'Lone Survivor' and How Film Critics Smear Navy SEALs (critics saying movie is racist)
'Lone Survivor' is realistic about this: We owe these heroes a debt (Chi-Trib movie review)
'Mad Friday' fallout: Emergency services inundated as drinkers descend on towns and cities [UK]
'Mad Man' Sam Stein's Hilarious Response To Calamitous CBO/Obamacare Report
'Mailbox' Ad Against Sen. Mary Landrieu Highlights Families Rocked by Obamacare
'Marriage Penalty' in Obamacare Could Make You "Significiantly Worse Off"
'Marry Me or I'll Disfigure Your Face With Acid'
'Maybe he's not gay' prompts homosexual backlash
'McCarthyism' by the numbers
'Megaloads' hit the highways in Alberta, Sturgeon refinery’s pressure vessels...
'Men are failing us,' says woman planning demonstration
'Mercenaries' who helped sustain a sultan
'Miss Lithuania 2013' is Ruta Elzbieta Mazureviciute
'Miss Norway 2013' is Mari Ekeløf
'Miss Slovakia 2014' is Silvia Prochadzkova
'Miss Uruguay 2013' is Micaela Orsi
'Moderate' Rebel Leader Says 'Al Qaeda is Not Our Problem'
'Monster’ Well Goes Online in East Ohio
'More beautiful than women, horses and all other animals': Welcome to the Arab beauty contest where
'Most transparent' White House ever rewrote the FOIA to suppress politically sensitive docs
'Muppet Police Sketch' Mocked by Internet Leads to Arrest. Who's Laughing Now?
'Muslim Patrol' jailed for harassing couple holding hands and men drinking
'Mystery aircraft' over Texas draws speculation of real spy plane
'No one would ever find it': MH370's erratic final moments ... a terrifying suicide mission....
'Noah' Movie Director Denies Controversy, Says Film Will Challenge Preconceptions of Non-Believers
'Noah' Movie Sparks Massive Spike in Global Reading of the Bible's Book of Genesis
'Noah' Review: Brilliantly Sinister Anti-Christian Filmmaking
'Noah’ and ‘God’s Not Dead’: Graceless and clueless
'Non-Stop' Review: Liam Neeson Thriller Hits New Left-Wing Low
'Non-Stop' Review: Liam Neeson Thriller Hits New Left-Wing Low (Major Spoiler Alert)
'Not Game Ready': Pitchers pan MLB-approved protective cap
'Nothing is beyond our reach,' National Reconnaissance Office's new logo claims
'Nuclear Bomb Necessary to Put Down Israel'
'Obama Not Gay,' Kenyan Elites Claim
'Obama-Mao T-Shirts' Removed from Great Wall Shops as Michelle Obama Visits
'Obsessive' Spain blocks Gibraltar's typhoon aid to Philippines
'Oh you're gonna shoot me?' The sarcastic last words of straight-A student shot dead by cop ...
'One in 68 kids has Autism'
'Only' 1,067 vehicles set ablaze on New Year’s Eve in France
'Our president... Barraco Barner'
'Overzealous’ Church Vets 58,000 Workers in a Year
'Pajama Boy' Makes Obama a Laughingstock Online
'Pajama Boy' on Obamacare: Will Millennials hear a grownup in a onesie? (ROTFLMAO!!)
'Party' Twitter account shocks Long Island parents
'Pavement Lunged And Hit Me', Driver Tells Sharjah Police
'Pawn Stars' store melts down $50K in gold coins
'Pay It Forward' College Tuition Plan Will Equal Higher Costs
'Pay to play' on the Web?: Net neutrality explained(If your ISP doesn't like FR...)
'Pear and Parmesan' Is Ice Cream of the Year
'Persecuted' film examines freedom of conscience versus the state
'Phil Robertson made me feel unsafe in my own home':
'Ping' detected in search for missing Malaysian aircraft
'Polar vortex' Pushes Subzero Temps into Midwest-Coldest It's Been In Two Decades
'Polar vortex' to blast frigid air over much of US
'Pony' botnet steals bitcoins, digital currencies: Trustwave
'Poof, that was sort of the moment’
'Populist' Obama pushes corporatist policies
'Possessed By Genius': A Centennial Tribute To William S. Burroughs
'Pro-Life' West Virginia Gov. Tomblin Vetoes 20-Week Abortion Restriction
'Proud' Derby Sikh soldier Bur Singh Johal dies, aged 98
'Pulp Fiction,' 'Mary Poppins' and 'The Right Stuff' among 25 named to 2013 National Film Registry
'Putin is the dealer, Germany the junkie' (gasoline addiction)
'Rattlesnake Roundup' teaches cruelty is fun (Loony Lefty Alert)
'Ready to plead guilty': Teresa & Joe Giudice set to reach plea deal - fraud and tax evasion
'Real World' boss Jon Murray talks keeping the aging show relevant (Season 29 Ex-Plosion tonight)
'Renee Ellmers Thinks For Herself': Rep. Calls Ingraham 'Ignorant' In Pro-Amnesty Meltdown
'Retire Mitch' McConnell signs pop up around Kentucky
'RoboCop 2014' is very close to reality: Jose Padilha
'Robotic World Wide Web' makes life easier for machines (robots of the world unite!)
'Royal' Couple Allegedly Claimed Welfare and Food Stamps While Living on $1.2 M Yacht
'Ruthless' Hillary Clinton returns as the '90s make a comeback
'Ryan's Daughter' Star Christopher Jones Dies at 72
'SCHINDLER'S LIST' Producer: 'I Never Feared My Govt Until Now'…
'SNL' Open Mocks Obama Selfie And Mandela Sign Language Interpreter
'SNL' spoofs fake sign language interpreter
'Saddam Hussein' Gets Job at Saudi Shop
'Schizophrenic' US foreign policy pushing Arab states toward Russia, Bahrain warns
'Sea change': Poll shows young people skeptical of ObamaCare, amid Obama outreach
'Secret Dealing'? Emails Show Cozy Relationship Between EPA, Environmental Groups (Keystone)
'Secret' Labyrinth of Roman Tunnels Mapped
'Security' & 'Protection' Leading to Certain Tyranny
'Seeking Allah, Finding Jesus' Ex-Muslim Author Says Muslims Risk Everything to Follow Christ
'Selfie' diplomacy: Michelle Obama looks unamused by Barack's joking with Danish prime minister
'Sexiest Man Alive' Brought In to 'Boost' Obamacare Enrollment
'She told me to destroy my guns': Sean Penn...gets rid of his 65 'cowardly killing machines'
'She wasn't scared a bit': How girl ELEVEN grabbed gun and shot dead cougar...
'Shipping Wars' Star Roy Garber Dies
'Shoe' Thrown at Hillary Clinton During Speech
'Shop, Dine, Park' initiative announced in New Haven
'Shrimp Boy' Chow, Yee, FBI -- Your Tax Dollars at Work
'Shrimp Boy' a Focus in Senator Leland Yee's SF Guns Scandal
'Sicilian Space Program' Launches Cannolo Into Stratosphere
'Six Californias' Instead of One?
'Sleazy' GOP Establishment Targets Mark Levin
'Slightly haunted' Pennsylvania home on sale for an unfrightening $140,000
'Slow-poke’ bill aims to stop left lane lingerers
'Small' Nuclear War Could Trigger Catastrophic Cooling
'Smartbra’ To Combat Stress-Related Overeating Is A Bust
'SmithEmphasisMas': Over-the-top renditions of Christmas themes applied to Joseph Smith [Vanity]
'Smoking Gun' Evidence of Inflation?
'So God Made a Trial Lawyer' (Brilliant ad in Iowa!)
'Socialist' Swedes Take to Private Health Insurance
'Socially Liberal, Economically Conservative' Is So Over
'Son of God' movie 'a love story,' say husband-wife producers
'Sound of Music' makes TV ratings sing
'Sound of Music' ratings soar: NBC's biggest Thursday in 4 years
'Spanish firm built our bridge upside down'
'Sports Writer' Calls For End of Boy's Trick-Shot Videos - After Finding Out Father's Conservative
'Stand your ground' protest: Michigan activists look to repeal law through possible ballot proposal
'Stinkburger' Is An Insight On Adolescent Presidency
'Stuck in our own experiment': Leader of trapped team insists polar ice is melting
'Submerged forests' revealed by UK storms
'Super Seniority' For Union Officials In Contracts
'Supernatural events' surround new phenomenon
'Superpope' artist acclaims Pope Francis as a true hero
'Sweden Cares More for Beggars Than Romania'
'Swiss Cheese Pervert' arrested, cops say
'Ted Cruz effect': Texas roars to 'Repeal Obamacare,' drug test welfare folks
'Teen anti-abortion film contest is shameful' [Spain]
'Tell Obama: No, We Can't' Deputy Defense Minister says Israel will not sign an interim agreement
'The Americans Lied': Trans-Atlantic 'No-Spy' Deal on the Rocks
'The Church needs your courage,' Pope tells new cardinals (Pope Benedict in attendance)
'The Hobbit 3' News: Sauron to Return and Defeat the White Council in 'There and Back Again?
'The Hobbit' Part 3..Richard Armitage Teases Ending of Film Being Different from Tolkien's Version?
'The Michael J. Fox Show' canceled by NBC
'The Myth of the Robber Barons' Explained (Part 1)
'The Russian world is uniting' (WARNING: HOT PICS ALERT)
'The Russian world is uniting': Model minister of breakaway region urges Putin conquest...
'The View' Hosts Pay Tribute to Lena Dunham's 'Girls,' Do Segment Nude
'The Walking Dead' Season 4b: Daryl-centric episodes..
'The Wind on My Legs': Stimulator Helps Paralyzed Men Move Again
'The X Factor' canceled by FOX, Simon Cowell returning to U.K. show
'The debate over repealing this law is over': Obama boasts 7.1 MILLION have signed up to Obamacare..
'The establishment strikes back': Justin Amash asks supporters to join his 'rebel alliance'
'The speech you were never supposed to see' Suppressed, deleted, removed from Net – now unedited
'There Are More Snowden Documents on Israel' -Glenn Greenwald, publisher of the Snowden documents,
'There Were Actually Laws in America that Allowed Discrimination Against Black People Like Me'
'There's no Asian way of looking at physics', says Perth teacher Marko Vojkovic (Australia)
'There's no room for anything manly now': Feminist speaks out AGAINST the loss of masculine virtues
'There's no room for anything manly now': Paglia speaks out AGAINST the loss of masculine virtues...
'They had no idea if my insurance was active or not!': Obamacare confusion reigns (truncated title)
'This Is Going to Ruin My Entire Life': 18-Year-Old Aspiring Firefighter Charged With Felony
'This Is Going to Ruin My Entire Life': 18-Year-Old Aspiring Firefighter Charged With Felony...
'This is Marxism': Cuban Refugee Manuel Martinez Confronts Oregon Lawmakers on Gun Control Attempt
'Three Amigos' Outline Trade Goals at Talks
'Thug' in Quinn's anti-violence program accused in murder of teen co-worker
'Time has come' to ban smoking in cars carrying children, Cameron says but he'll miss vote
'Time travellers don't exist on the internet': Researchers spend months scanning the web for
'Tis the Season - And, I Will Say 'Merry Christmas' to Respect Its True Meaning
'Tosh.0' production assistant shot, killed by cops after he's mistaken for stabbing suspect
'Turn' on AMC Tells Story of America's First Spy Ring (it's got legs)
'Twas the Night Before Smithmas! [WalterMartin.com]
'Two Fat Ladies' chef Clarissa Dickson Wright dies at 66
'UK Tea Party' Surges to Become Country's 'Most Favoured' Political Movement
'US pressuring Israel to stop killing Iran nuclear scientists'
'Upskirt' ban in Massachusetts signed into law
'Vette Owner Wails Over 11,000-Mile Joyride
'Vikings' Portrays Crucifixion as Normal Church Punishment for Apostates
'Violent porn teacher' at south-eastern Adelaide school transferred to.....
'Vlad the Great': Putin's Approval Rating Soars in Russia
'Wake up America,' says family involved in BLM cattle dispute
'Walking Dead' Companion Series Official
'Walking Dead' Dissection: Robert Kirkman Breaks Down the Deadly Midseason Finale
'War on coal:' GOP Senate group moves to block EPA power plant rules
'Waves' detected on Titan moon’s lakes
'We almost lost our lives': Woman possessed by demons in 'portal to hell'
'We can't prove sex with children does them harm' says Labour-linked NCCL
'We gave our sofa to a charity shop - with our missing CAT hiding in it'
'We stop Iranian arms smuggling often,' says Israeli security source
'We'll give you what you need': French President Hollande to Saudis
'We're not bad people,' say open-carry advocates during march through Grand Rapids
'Wealthy parents should pay up to £20,000 to send their children to state school'
'WebLearn' Scam (fraudulent credit card charges) Appears on Credit Card Bill (888-461-2032)
'Weekend at Bernie's' Creators Dig Up Dead Guy's Past in Lawsuit
'Welcome to the year of the whores':Subtitling error on BBC News
'What to do when Obamacare unravels?'
'Why Have a Hearing? Just Expel Him' (Dartmouth College)
'Wilding' youths overwhelmed deputies at state fair
'Windy' Davis Loses Half of Border Counties to Pro-Life Democrat
'Winter in jeopardy' say Olympians pressing for climate change action
'World's Oldest' Man Dies at 130 Years
'Yes We Eat Grass and We're Proud of It,' Say Congregants
'You got to marry these girls when they are 15 or 16': Phil Robertson wades into new controversy
'Zee Zee Top'
'[edited] Shirley Temple’: Lefties bash late Republican star, smear her as ‘roaring racist’
'i Believe' by Communion the Hip-Hop Seminarian
( Illegal )Immigrant advocates getting cities to back them
( Illegal Alien ) Police Arrest Man Wanted For Attacks On Woman & Girl
(2nd LD) S. Korea holds live-fire drill despite North's warning
(50,000) Social security numbers printed on back of Banner Health magazine
(9th Circus) Appeals court rules against California growers over Delta smelt
(AFL-CIO Owned) National Labor College to close in 2014
(ARCHIVES) Juanita Broaddrick greetings to the FReepers - plus her open letter to Hillary in 2000
(Abortion Barbie) Wendy Davis Slams Pro-Life Paraplegic Opponent: He’s “Never Walked In My Shoes”
(Abortion Barbie) Wendy Davis’ Ex Asked a Court to Order Her Not to Use Drugs Before Seeing Her Kids
(Ag Sec Tom) Vilsack: Inner City ‘Minority’ Child ‘Doesn’t Even Know What a Tomato Is’
(Al-Qaeda) Militant chief Majid al-Majid dies in Lebanese custody
(Anti-Gun CA Democrat Busted for Arms Trafficking) State Senator Accused of Gun Charges
(BBC) Ukraine: UK rules out Russia trade curbs?
(Boehner:) 'What the hell is this, a joke?'
(Boston Singer) Jennifer Grout Says She’s Converted to Islam
(Canada) Catholic schools can't force student to attend mass, court rules
(Canadian Airline) WestJet Christmas Miracle:real time giving-YouTube
(Catholic League) ARCHBISHOP NIENSTEDT DESERVES JUSTICE
(Catholic) Religious groups get (Court) win vs. O’care birth-control mandate
(Charlottesville, Va) Ex-scoutmaster pleads guilty to 36 felony sex crimes
(Chicago) City Council cuts off puppy mill pipeline
(Chicago) Mayor's Friend Could Benefit from Hotel Built With Taxpayers' Money
(China) Test of New Long-Range Missile
(Chris) Matthews: The Tea Party is Festering and Growing
(Congressman) McAllister (LA05) admits infidelity
(Congressman) Rush (D-IL): I've Been Cooperative With the Inquiry
(Cook County, IL) Sheriff: Concealed carry process 'fraught with problems and holes'
(D-MD) Probation Violation: Robocall Conspirator Julius Henson Sentenced 4 Months For Filing...
(D-NH) Shaheen Announces Bill to Restore Military Retirement Benefits (up for re-election in 2014)
(Debra Medina is back) Interview with Debra Medina, Candidate for Texas Comptroller
(Democrat Governor) Quinn Could Be Added to Suit By CSU Whistleblower
(Democrat New Orleans) Ex-Mayor Nagin goes on trial for bribery charges (finally)
(Denver) Police Chief White addresses criticism of department's handling of LoDo attacks
(EU Parliament president) Schulz: Cut aid to African countries with anti-gay laws
(EXCLUSIVE) IRS Currently Employing Convicted Terrorist Associate
(Effin') Kerry Quietly Makes Priority of Climate Pact
(Effin') Kerry to Uganda: Repeal anti-gay law — or else
(European) Commission plans to tap pension funds to kickstart business
(Exempt Mary) Landrieu eyed in anti-Keystone campaign
(Exempt Mary) Landrieu’s gavel comes with risks
(Exempt NC RAT Kay) Hagan Trails GOP Challenger by 7 Points
(Exempt NC RAT Kay) Hagan responds to critics’ new ads
(Exempt NC RAT) Kay Hagan slams the Koch brothers
(Exempt RAT Mary) Landrieu Releases ‘Keeping the Promise’ campaign ad
(Exempt RAT) Senator Kay Hagan confronts the burning question that could make or break her campaign
(Exempt) Dems ramp up offense on ObamaCare
(Exempt) Harry Reid blocks Republican request to pass bill cracking down on rapists
(Exempt) Mary Landrieu gets powerful Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee chair
(Exempt) Michelle Obama steps into health care spotlight
(Exempt) Obama at (snitch) Sharpton Event: Voter ID Supporters Are 'the Real Frauds'
(Exempt) Obama has yet to enroll in health insurance under Affordable Care Act
(Exempt) Sen. Mary Landrieu's Obamacare chutzpah: James Varney
(Exempt) WH releases report on what would happen if Obamacare is repealed
(Exempt) White House: No Obamacare Individual Mandate Delay
(Flashback) Jimmy Fallon Apologizes for Show's Controversial Musical Message to Michele Bachmann
(Florida) Doctor With Big Medicare Billings Is No Stranger to Scrutiny (NJ Sen Menendez' donor/pal)
(Florida) Senate Panel Backs Bipartisan Tweak To ‘Stand Your Ground’
(Florida) Supreme Court approves medical marijuana ballot language
(Former San Diego RAT Mayor) Bob Filner finishes house arrest, still on probation
(Fr Z) Collegiality: an inquiry
(Freeper) Master Sergeant Christopher Grisham found guilty in right to carry trial
(General Peter) Cosgrove to be Governor-General (of Australia)
(Georgia) House backs constitutional convention (first full state!)
(German Constitutional) Court: Politicians have too much power over TV
(German) Cost Explosions in electric, gas and oil.
(Germany’s Family) Minister: Taxpayers will fund 32-hour week
(Ha, Ha!) Al Qaeda Operatives in Yemen Accidently Blow Themselves Up While Handling Car Bombs
(Halal) Meat shop owner arrested in connection with major SNAP fraud operation
(Hebrew University) Poll: Most Israelis, Palestinians support 2-state solution
(Hillary) Clinton: 2016 decision (to run for president) will come next year
(Hobby Lobby) Argument recap: One hearing, two dramas
(Houston) Mayor Parker marries longtime parter
(Howie)Carr: N.H. rep draws wrath of misogynist moonbat
(IL) 9th congressional GOP hopefuls differ on many issues
(Illegal alien )Man accused of assault, rape in front of children
(Illinois) State Police Issue Numbers On Concealed Carry Requests
(Inter racial) local couple wants answers after racial slur found on key tag
(Islam vs. Homosexuality) Iran Executes Two for ‘Perversion’
(Israel Finance Minister) Lapid: The Right must understand there will be two states
(Israel) MKs Walk out of EU Head’s Anti-Israel Speech
(Israel) Ministers approve: Calling someone Nazi would be illegal (even if someone is one?)
(Israeli minister) Feiglin: When I am PM, Tibi (Arab minister) Will be in Jail
(Jimmy) Carter Backs PA’s UN Move (Palestinian Authority)
(Joe) Lieberman: Obama lacks coherent anti-terror plan
(LA) Archbishop Aymond’s Boycott: “We Cannot Cooperate With Evil”
(LEAD) N. Korea fires 10 short-range missiles toward East Sea
(LINUX CAUCUS) Mint KDE 16 PETRA released
(Louisiana) Attorney General weighs in on food stamp flap (WalMart Looting Update)
(Louisiana) Gov. Jindal responds to A&E decision on Robertson
(MA)Gov, Connector officials under fire over botched Obamacare website
(MEMPHIS) Police Union Threatens Legal Action Against City
(MI) Federal Judge Expected To Decide Soon On Gay Marriage Debate
(MUST SEE) Vintage 1939 PHOTO: US Lawmen Dragging Fugitve Across US-Mexico Border; El Paso, Texas
(Malay) Cops find five Indian Ocean practice runways in MH370 pilot’s simulator, BH reports
(Manchester UK) Schoolboy gang locked up for savage attack on a man for being GINGER…
(Mark) LEVIN CALLS ON TEA PARTY TO FIGHT TYRANNY IN USA
(Mark) Steyn countersues Mann for 10 millon dollars
(Michael) Reagan: Palestinians Do Not Want Peace—They Want Israel
(MoCo MD) Montgomery couple accused of furnishing beer to kids and assaulting responding cops
(N)ew Presbyterian Church Moderator sparks row by telling gay people to stop having sex (N. Ireland)
(NBC News) Russia's 11: Who Are the Officials the U.S. Has Sanctioned?
(NM) State Police officer who shot at van fired (Locals rally in his support)
(NY state) GOP plans to use Cuomo’s ‘extreme’ comment against him (opponent wins nationwide pledges)
(NYC Mayor) DE BLASIO BOYCOTTS ST. PAT’S PARADE
(NYC) Cops make arrest in hateful ‘knockout’ spree
(New Mexico) State officer in minivan shooting is fired
(Northwestern) NLRB decision very well-reasoned
(Not so) pro-life vid of day: Clinic counselor films own abortion
(OMAHA) Nebraska has the highest black homicide rate in U.S., national group says
(Obama-Nation) Economic Study Suggests We're Heading For A Blade Runner Future
(Police State) Man Gives Change to Homeless Person, is Handcuffed and Held by Police for an Hour
(Pope) Francis, Faith, and False Assurances
(Pope) John XXIII and the Jews
(Portland OR) Downtown church mixes hops with hymns
(Pro-Life) Bill Overwhelmingly Passes Louisiana House, 85-6 Vote
(RAT) Kuster Declines Benghazi Talk at Constituents’ Forum on Middle East (Video)
(RAT) Lawmaker Yee Pleads Not Guilty To Federal Charges
(RAT) Leland Yee’s campaign debt at root of criminal behavior, authorities allege
(RAT) Rep. Bass: Mandela's Fight Against Apartheid Similar to 'Struggle for Health Care'
(RAT) Senate inquiry blames State Dept. for Benghazi
(RAT) State Sen. Yee arms trafficking, corruption case "entrapment" suggested
(RAT) Taylor to challenge Palazzo as Republican; Childers enters U.S. Senate race
(RE-POST) NY Man Pleads Guilty to Smuggling Nearly 40,000 Piranha Fish into the US
(RNC Committeeman) Dave Agema shows support for 'Duck Dynasty' star, calls out 'LGBT Gestapo'
(Rand) Paul: GOP Needs to ‘Look Like the Rest of America’ to Win Again (again)
(Repost) As I Have Been Screeching for Years, Timothy Dolan is an Unmitigated Jackass (Donkey)
(Rochester NY) Mayor-Elect Warren Reveals Husband’s Criminal Record
(SC) Bill to allow concealed guns in bars and restaurants clears critical hurdle
(SC) IDs expected to be released in apparent murder-suicide
(Seahawk) Derrick Coleman writes special letter to deaf little girl who wrote him
(Seattle's socialist Kshama) Sawant challenged face-to-face about minimum wage
(Seattle's socialist Kshama) Sawant: City should take over taxi business
(Seattle's socialist Kshama) Sawant: We're moving forward with $15 per hour
(Seattle's socialist) Kshama Sawant ‘throwing down the gauntlet’ over minimum wage
(Socialist) De Blasio starts his war on charter schools
(Socialist) Mayor de Blasio Drops Pre-K Tax Hike Promise In Presence Of Gov. Cuomo
(South Texas:)Kidnapping victim, father testify against alleged ringleader
(St. Paul) Archbishop Nienstedt accused of inappropriately touching boy
(Still exempt NC RAT Kay) Hagan makes re-election bid official, dodges health care
(Tax cheat) Charlie Rangel’s last campaign for Congress
(Tel Aviv University) Poll: Most Israeli Jews feel schools should teach ‘Palestinian narrative’
(The exempt) Mary Landrieu's election fate could swing U.S. Senate
(Transparency) No reporters allowed on Michelle Obama's trip to China
(UK Isle of Wight) Couple forced off farm so it can be flooded for breeding birds, under EU rules
(UK) Benefits cheat who stole £82,000 while her husband ran £400,000-a-year tandoori restaurant
(UK) NHS on brink of crisis because it became 'too powerful' to criticise
(VANITY) Now it's pulmonary embolism - back from hospital
(VANITY) Prayers for aneurysm victim
(VANITY) Prayers for aneurysm victim - continued
(VIDEO) Judges Baffled by DHS Efforts to Deport Legal Immigrant
(Vanity post) request for informational assistance
(Vanity) A response to Ann Coulter
(Vanity) After Texas, we need to go full throttle in North Carolina!
(Vanity) Anyone else disappointed with the Season Finale of Homeland? (Spoilers)
(Vanity) Came across Garlic SPAM in the grocery store yesterday!
(Vanity) I am through with Wrigley Gum
(Vanity) My book (This Republic) is one of the Featured Ebooks today at BookDaily.com!
(Vanity) My book is featured in the Political Science and Government category at bookdaily.com!
(Vanity) My book, This Republic: Illuminating Republican Government, is now published
(Vanity) People - The Search Function Is There For A Reason!
(Vanity) We need to support and elect senators who WILL NOT vote for McConnell or Cornyn
(Vermont) Health Connect: New delay for small businesses (it's a complete failure)
(Video) Chicago Black Grassroots React to State of the Union–Obama, The Big Let Down
(Video) Moose on the Loose! Cantankerous Calf Attacks Biologist in Maine
(Video) This Vietnam Veteran Has Found a VERY Unique Way To Treat His PTSD
(Video) Vietnam Vet Hated By His Math Students. Boy They Were Wrong.
(What your kids really want for Christmas) The Adventures of a Cardboard Box
(Willamette University) D-III kicker becomes first active player to publicly come out
(Winipeg) Judge: ‘Let’s Burn the Jew’ not Racism, Even if you Burn a Jew
(Yawn) Gay man could play pro football next year: Why make it a big deal?
(faces of the enemy) Jihad Selfies: These British Extremists in Syria Love Social Media
(from 2007 re Hillary) Federal judge Matz from Rosen criminal trial is challenged in 5-page letter
(illegal alien)Man accused in fatal 6th Ave. crash in U.S. illegally, has criminal past
(vanity) Counting down to new KEIB 1150 Los Angeles
(vanity) Freeper Quiz: Does Anyone Know Who Warren Wilhelm II is?
(vanity) Marty's 2013 Christmas Music Playlist is lagging. WON'T YOU HELP...?
(vidjo)Soldier surprised his Iraq K9 partner by adopting him a year after they were separated...
* IN MEMORIAM DAVID SWENINGSEN * FReeper Bruinbirdman aka bbm dead at 66
***THE FIRST OFFICIAL FRIDAY SILLINESS THREAD OF 2014***
**Caption Time** Obama announces budget at D.C.’s Powell Elementary
**Vanity** Computer Help
*VANITY* Utopia TV on Fox
*Vanity* Advice needed-Looking for a good office chair
*Vanity* Fukushima Radiation likely to arrive on West Coast next month.
*Vanity* I have a safe deposit box key, now what? *Vanity*
*vanity* The Drudge poll asking who your CPAC 2016 pick would be
+106%: Obama Has More Than Doubled Marketable U.S. Debt
- Nightmare Before Christmas -video 4 min.
-135.g in Antarctica, But It Was Colder In Johannesburg!!!
-Signs of a Doomed Society-
... And... More Obamacare Humor
... How Far Rush Limbaugh Thinks the ‘Republican Establishment’ May Go to ‘Get Rid of the Tea Party’
... boy who risked his life to save baby deer in Bangladesh river ... raging floodwaters
...Haunting face appears in mangled girder taken from the EXACT spot where the first plane...
...Hezbollah capable of pinpoint missile strikes throughout Israel
...Hillary and Susan Rice told me “nose to nose” that the Mohammed video was to blame (5/13)
...How helmets, grenades and guns discarded during World War II have been swallowed up by tree...
...Investigators search co-pilot's home and reveal home-made flight sim built by plane's captain
...Map of Europe 1000 AD to present with timeline [Borders Animated 1140-2011 in 3 minutes]
...Michelle Obama Announces Commitment by Subway® Restaurants to Promote Healthier Choices to Kids
...Revolutionary Analysis Unlocking Mysteries of 500-Year-Old... [Voynich Manuscript]
...Study That May Reveal How Many Previously Uninsured Americans Have Actually Paid for a Plan
...Vikings punter Chris Kluwe claims he was sacked for speaking out in favor of same-sex marriage
...middle-aged men, drinking more than two pints of beer a day speeds up memory decline...
..Fascinating archive of posters urging men to enlist for WWI..
..Holland's Queen Maxima proves to be a distraction for .. Barack Obama and Francois Hollande
..Kim Jong-un has 'enemy of the state' executed by FLAMETHROWER in latest round of brutality
..professor who refused student’s request to be separated from female classmates broke 'obligation..
.00001 Billion Rising: Another Failed Mass Movement
.338 Lapua Magnum KABOOM
.gop Helps Republicans up Their “Game”
1 Arrested After Nun Hospitalized Following Assault And Rape
1 Dead, Dozens Rushed To Area Hospitals After Carbon Monoxide Leak At Long Island Mall
1 In 4 Americans Thinks The Sun Goes Around The Earth, Survey Says
1 dead after Church's manager shoots robbery suspect in NW Harris County
1 in 10 Americans think HTML is an STD, study finds
1 in 4 Obamacare enrollments affected by technical bug first month (Friday bad news dump)
1 in 4 Obamacare enrollments affected by technical bugs
1 in custody after Pennsylvania school stabbings
1 killed in Army helicopter 'hard landing' in Ga. (Savannah, Night Stalkers)
1 killed, 2 injured in morning shooting outside Las Vegas lounge
1 missing, 1 hurt in natural gas well explosion in Greene County
1 percent pay raise latest pinch for troops, veterans struggling to pay bills
1 year after Newtown, Biden to boost mental health
1 year after Newtown, support for stricter gun control has disappeared
1% Of US Doctors Account For Over $10 Billion Of Medicare Billings
1,000 High School Students Sing US National Anthem
1,148,000 Fewer Americans Have Jobs Today Than 7 Yrs Ago
1,154,000 Fewer Americans Working Today Than 6 Years Ago
1,300 year-old mummy and her intimate tattoo
1,300-year-old Egyptian mummy had tattoo of St. Michael
1,400 U.S. PLANES SMASH AT BERLIN WITHOUT ANY FIGHTER OPPOSITION (3/23/44)
1,500 tested for TB at Southern California school
1,600 Applicants Flood MD Ice Cream Factory for 36 Jobs
1,687,000 Fewer Americans Have Jobs Today Than 6 Years Ago
1-2 punch: Grandpas no match for Knockout perps
1-3/4 inches of White "Global Warming" Shuts Down Atlanta's Hartsfield Airport
1-megawatt cold fusion power plant now available – yours for just $1.5 million
1.1 Trillion Reasons to Dump Boehner and McConnell
1.3 Percent Doctrine, 98.7 Percent Delusion: Why Obama can’t convince Europe to spend on defense
1.3 million Americans to lose unemployment benefits
1.3 million losing unemployment benefits Saturday
1.3 million losing unemployment benefits today
1.3m losing unemployment benefits Saturday
1.4 Million-year-old Fossil Human Bone Closes Evolution Gap </div>
1.5 Hours of PURE Bitcoin analysis
10 Best ‘Lone Survivor’ Takedowns of Liberal Media
10 Big Changes In Energy Since The 2013 MIT Energy Conference
10 Biggest Technology Disappointments Of 2013
10 Crazy Things 3D Printers Can Make Today
10 Dog Breeds that Shouldn't Live with Cats
10 Forms of 2013 Media Malpractice -- Out of several dozen.
10 Great Books on American Economic History
10 Headlines Show Why Global Warming Alarm Is Bunk
10 Hours of Infinite Fractal and Falling Shepard's Tone [video]
10 Japanese Travel Tips for Visiting America
10 Letters to President Obama from Conservative Kids
10 New and improved versions of the "mom jeans" Obamacare ad
10 Obamacare Facts You Need to Know After 5 Months
10 Old Fashioned Dating Habits We Should Make Cool Again
10 One-sentence smackdowns for liberal propaganda...
10 Prison Security Techniques Being Implemented on the American People
10 Questions That Catholics Are Asked
10 Quotes That Help Explain Why So Many Conservatives Don't Trust The Republican Party
10 Really Weird Hot Dogs
10 Reasons A Cat Person Makes The Perfect Valentine [LOLcats]
10 Reasons Why Camille Paglia is the Champion of the Feminist Right
10 Reasons You Have To Quit Your Job In 2014
10 Strangest Cat Behaviors Explained
10 Things I Would Tell My 18 Year Old Self
10 Things Never To Say To A Flight Attendant
10 Things to Know About Olympic Hockey
10 Things to Know for Today
10 Ways the EXPAND Act Would Take the Energy Market in the Right Direction
10 Year bonds about to pass 3%
10 bold predictions for 2014: How 3D printing, the NSA, and porn will shape our world
10 captions for "What is Lincoln saying to Obama?"
10 day survival pack for your vehicle for just $25
10 felines with funny 'facial hair' [w/pix]
10 killed when truck crosses median, rams into students' bus in California
10 leaders of Ironworkers Local 401 charged in racketeering indictment(THUGS)
10 liberal limericks for 2013
10 most cringeworthy on-air gaffes of 2013
10 must see castles in Wales
10 quotes that shred progressivism from a best-selling British author who left the Left
10 rules of an incompetent professional
10 things only 'The Walking Dead' fans would understand
10 tips to make sure Obamacare works for you
10,000 African migrants stage demonstration in Jerusalem
10,000 carolers grant dying girl's wish
10,988,269: 2013 Closes With Record Number on Disability Getting Highest-Ever Monthly Benefits
10-Year-Old Drives Off With 2nd Car in Two Weeks
10-year-old girls want Jim Tressel as next Cleveland Browns coach
100 Days of MOM – India’s 1st Mars Mission Streaking to Red Planet Rendezvous
100 Greatest Sports Photos of all Time [slideshow warning]
100 Million Shekel Boycott Damage To Jordan Valley
100 Years Ago: Why Bankers Created the Fed
100 million reasons not to vote for Hillary
100 serial rapists identified after rape kits from Detroit Crime Lab are finally processed
100% Increase in Previously-Deported Sex Offenders Illegally Returning from Mexico
100% RENEWABLE ENERGY IS FEASIBLE AND AFFORDABLE, ACCORDING TO STANFORD PROPOSAL
100-Foot Jesus Statue to Be Built in Nazareth?
100-Year-Old Box of Negatives Discovered by Conservators in Antarctica
101-Year-Old Message in a Bottle Surfaces
11 Facts About The Minimum Wage That President Obama Forgot To Mention
11 Features You No Longer See in Cars
11 French Travel Tips for Visiting America
11 Girly Things Huffpo Wishes Men Would Do To Emasculate Themselves
11 Horrible Ideas For Valentine's Day Gifts
11 Inspiring Signs From the March for Life
11 Nasty Trends That Will Test America's Resilience
11 Obama State of the Union graphics and memes from years past
11 Shocking Revelations From Highest Ranking Soviet Defector – KGB Attacking US
11 Ways Obama Sees Racism...
11 Year Old Writes Heart Wrenching Letter: “Why Gun Free Zones Violate My Right To Be Protected”
11 bands better than The Beatles?
11 of the best captions for this photo of Obama getting a "checkup" from this kid
11 one-season sci-fi TV wonders you can watch right now on Netflix
11 terribly awesome country music songs [VIDEO]
11% of conservatives and 10% of liberals with adopted or stepchildren live in mixed-race households
11-Year-Old Girl BANNED From Selling Cupcakes By Control Freak Government Bureaucrats
11-year-old Washington state girl kills cougar following her 14-year-old brother to their home
116-Year-Old Indian Runs 200m in 46.74 Seconds
12 Captions for this photo of Putin and smug Obama
12 Captions for this picture of Obama in a mysteriously silly pose...
12 Chinese Travel Tips for Visiting America
12 Historical Quotes Against Sodomy That Every Christian Should Know
12 Latin Words that Shaped the Faith [Ecumenical]
12 Signs Of Extreme Social Decay In America That Are Almost Too Horrible To Talk About
12 Signs That Something Big Is Happening To The Earth’s Crust Under North And South America
12 USA/Russia memes and graphics we would have NEVER seen when Bush was president...
12 Year old Girl with rare illness denied help by Tricare
12 Years as a Slave
12 questions the White House press corps could have asked Obama about Obamacare
12 weapons found in Palestinian embassy in Prague
12-Year Old Emirati Sexually Abuses And Impregnates Ethiopian Maid In Dubai
12-Year-Old Girl’s Speech on Abortion Leaves Her “Pro-Choice” Teacher Speechless
12-year-old boy snags 114-pound catfish (breaking nine-year record)
12-year-old drug smuggler reignites immigration debate
12-year-old's wish to go to Vatican, see Pope Francis to come true (Make A Wish Foundation)
123 Ways To Save Money – Finance Bloggers Share Their Tips
125 years ago, deadly 'Children’s Blizzard' blasted Minnesota (January 11, 2013)
125,000 Immigrants Eligible for Medi-Cal Benefits Under Obamacare
13 Democrats Charged with Embezzling Millions from Charity
13 Differences Between the PCA and the PCUSA.
13 House Democrats offer bill demanding government study on Internet hate speech
13 Palestinians said wounded by IDF on Gaza border
13 Things Mentally Strong People Don’t Do
13 dead in Rawalpindi suicide blast near GHQ
13 facts about the Democrats’ $100 million money man
13 of some of the best St. Patrick's Day memes and graphics
13 of the best Pajama Boy memes
13 of the best captions for this photo of Bush looking annoyed with Obama
13 of the best captions for this photo of Obama with his foot on the Resolute Desk
13 reasons Santa Claus is definitely a conservative
13 things that will be cheaper in 2014
13,000 OBAMACARE APPLICANTS HAVE NO RECORDS WITH HEALTH INSURERS
13,000 teens complete Hamas training camps to emulate ‘suicide martyrs’
13-Year-Old Surprised At Free Throw Line By His Military Mom
130 ‘radioactive’ Japanese cars banned from entering Russia
138th Annual Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show
14 Films That Should Have Won the Oscar for Best Picture But Weren’t Even Nominated
14 Fun Facts About Sea Hawks
14 In 2014 (Madison Project Focuses Funds)
14 Justin Bieber arrest memes that are hilarious, weird, or both...
14 Startled Cats that, c'mon dude don't sneak up on me like that
14 Year old PG County Republican Surprises Democrat Door Knocker
14 awesome minimum wage memes
14 captions for this photo of Obama applauding France's president
14 earthquakes recorded in Oklahoma since Friday
14 indicted for role in major central California drug trafficking ring
14 killed -- including 4 U.N. staffers, IMF official -- in attack at Kabul restaurant
14 killed in China mosque stampede
14 of the best Duck Dynasty memes on the internet
14 policemen martyred in 17 days
14 shot since 8 p.m., including 6 at West Side party
14,000 year old flint tools: Earliest human occupation of Scotland
14-Year-Old Hunting Accident Victim Making ‘Miracle’ Recovery
14-Year-Old: Governments Could Save $370 Million by Printing in a Different Font
15 Delightful Cat Breeds’ Origins [w/pix]
15 Dogs and Cats at a Toga Party
15 Lies at the Basis of Our Culture
15 Shameless Attempts to Sell Obamacare
15 Wins for the Progressive Movement in 2013
15 hilarious puns and other plays on words
15 most corrupt politicians in N.J. history
15 years on: Looking back at NATO's ‘humanitarian’ bombing of Yugoslavia
15,000 'Stuck' In Washington State's Obamacare Exchange
15,000 applicants ‘stuck’ in state’s insurance exchange [WA]
15-20 Percent Aren't Paying Obamacare Premiums, Insurer Says
15-year-old French jihadists fighting in Syria
150 Years Later, Floridians are Still Fighting over the Civil War
1500-year-old church found under Turkish lake
159 Wisconsin Union Bosses Make Six-Figure Salaries
16 House Republicans to Obama: Amnesty 'Final Economic Blow' for American Workers
16 Signs That Most Americans Are NOT PREPARED For The Coming Economic Collapse
16 Sweet Reasons... to Get Covered...[ obamacare ]
16 fantastic images starring Ronald Reagan
16 hours in London-What to do?
16 of 31 Bighorn sheep moved to Tucson are now dead
16 shot, 2 fatally, in 12 hours
16 ways to REALLY celebrate Michelle Obama's birthday.
16% of natural gas consumed in Europe flows through Ukraine
16,000 Births, 18,000 Abortions in San Francisco
16-year-old Elvis impersonator sings Blue Christmas
16-year-old boy dies on flight from Seattle to Atlanta
16th-Century Artillery Manual Shows Illustration of 'Rocket Cat'
17 California communities running out of water
17 News Special Report: Crude by rail a game changer?
17 Republicans voted for $1.1 trillion omnibus bill to fully fund ObamaCARE
17 Years Ago Courtney Survived an Abortion That Killed Her Twin: “I Was Still Alive”
17 great pranks to play on April Fools (or any day) that you may not have thought of...
17 year old fingered as author of malware used in Target attack
17 year-old kid responsible for recent store data thefts
17-year-old arrested in Greenwood murder (Seattle, WA)
18 Bookstores Every Book Lover Must Visit At Least Once
18 Depressing Photos That Show Why Sales Are Crumbling At Sears
18 Los Angeles sheriff's officials indicted, accused of abuse, obstruction
18 Year-Old Wins Free Healthcare in Lawsuit Against Parents
18 candy hearts for liberals
18 countries ratify UN Arms Trade Treaty
18 inches of new snow in NW Minnesota
18 missing person list submitted in Peshawar high court in missing person case
18 of some of the best Super Bow memes, past and present
18 year veteran of Benton [AR] Police Department Charged with rape
18-29 years old? Participate in a religious liberty video!
18-Year-Old Sues Parents for Support After Moving Out
1823 days in Office: Bush 43% Obama 40%
19 Beautiful Reminders Why Americans March for Life Today
19 Islamic words banned for non-Muslims in Brunei
19 M.L.S. Players on U.S. Roster for Mexico Game
19 Pictures That Prove Dog is Man's Best Friend
19 SHIPS SUNK, 201 PLANES DESTROYED AT TRUK; AMERICAN TANKS HELP TURN BACK FOE AT ANZIO (2/21/44)
19 Signs That The U.S. Consumer Is Tapped Out: Years of declining incomes and rising debts
19 States Join Lawsuit Against NJ Gun Law
19 Unbelievable Facts About Guns in America
19-year-old Navy RB McKamey dies after being in coma
1906 San Francisco Earthquake Survivor Celebrates 108th Birthday
1914 -- The West Starts Dying
1927, The American Year
1936, the Sequel
1943 - THE YEAR IN REVIEW
1963, Vietnam and the draft
1967 Corvette with 2,996 miles to be offered at auction
1967: Three astronauts die in Apollo 1 tragedy [RIP 47 years ago today]
1968 Tet Offensive
1978: Milton Friedman schools a brainwashed liberal
19F – The Night Venezuela Finally Imploded
1Dead,1 Injured in Manhattan High-Rise Fire
1st Amendment Uproar: University Removes Pro-Life Poster, Says 'We Have to Keep It Happy,,,
1st major snow of 2013 in our SW Idaho Valley
1st-Grader’s Christmas Presentation Allegedly Cut Short For Citing Bible Verse
2 Alleged Drug Dealers Targeted In Police Raid
2 Arrested For Armed Robbery Of Pregnant Woman In Labor
2 Arrested at Texas Border in Credit Card Fraud Case Following Target Data Breach
2 Arrests Made In Detroit Mob Attack On Man
2 Bitcoin operators charged illicit drug site bust
2 CHP officers killed in Highway 99 crash near Kingsburg
2 DRIVES NEAR LENINGRAD SMASH NAZI FORTS, GAIN UP TO 12 MILES (1/20/44)
2 Die in Howard County Shoveling Snow
2 Drivers Stung By More Than 600 Bees Following Car Crash In La Canada Flintridge
2 French soldiers die in Central African Republic
2 Friends Reach Across the Aisle on Immigration
2 Maersk Alabama guards dead (former USN SEALs)
2 Million, 2 Many: Yes, President Obama Can Stop Deportations
2 More Arrested in Detroit Mob Beating of Driver (where are the Hate Crime charges?)
2 NFL California teams Win in frigid cold weather states
2 People Hurt In Fort Worth Pit Bull Attack ( TX )
2 Plead Guilty in Beating of Giants Fan Outside Dodger Stadium
2 SOVIET ARMIES JOIN ON DNIEPER; 300 U.S. PLANES ATTACK IN GREECE (12/16/43)
2 Women Arrested in Monterey County After 3 Children Found Starving, 1 Chained
2 arrested after "Ten Commandments" argument turns violent
2 charged in Eden Prairie Lifetime Fitness locker room beating
2 charged with insider trading in Burger King deal
2 cities struggle to enforce ban on gun magazines
2 dozen busts no problem for $110,000-a-year Illinois prison official
2 former Navy SEALs found dead aboard ship at center of ‘Captain Phillips’ saga
2 killed in shooting near Crimea military research center, 'sniper detained'
2 million Facebook, Gmail and Twitter passwords stolen in massive hack
2 million years ago, human relative ‘Nutcracker Man’ lived on tiger nuts
2 more arrested in Detroit mob beating of driver
2 nabbed at Texas border in credit card fraud case (Target)
2 on nuke missile crew implicated in drug probe
2 shot while trying to rob off-duty HPD officer, his girlfriend outside movie theater
2,000 Russian soldiers land in 'armed invasion' of Crimea: Kiev official
2,000 U.S. PLANES SMASH AT REICH, DOWN 126 OF ENEMY AT A COST OF 80 (4/12/44)
2,000 are family for unclaimed veterans Cemetery Administrator Larson: 'You are the next of kin'
2,184 Miles: From Georgia to Maine on Foot
2,240 complaints filed concerning ‘Obamacare’ in Colorado
2,800 TONS OF BOMBS RIP BERLIN; NAZIS RETAKE APRILIA NEAR ROME (2/17/44)
2-2-2014 SUPERBOWL THREAD: Drive for History
2-year-old killed by stray bullet (South Bend Thugs)
2. The Golden Ratio & Fibonacci Numbers: Fact versus Fiction- VIDEO
20 Areas Removed from Imminent Danger Pay List
20 Early Warning Signs That We Are Approaching A Global Economic Meltdown
20 Facts About The Great U.S. Retail Apocalypse That Will Blow Your Mind
20 Fun Facts About Our Mysterious Feline Friends
20 Images That Prove Cats Are Liquids
20 Sci-Fi Shows That Were Cancelled Too Soon
20 Signs That The Global Economic Crisis Is Starting To Catch Fire
20 convicted undocumented immigrants arrested after operation in Madison
20 employees of Freescale Semiconductor of Texas were aboard missing Malaysia Airlines plane
20 graphics and memes to celebrate the 5 year anniversary of the Tea Party
20 million more Americans could lose insurance
20 percent of Obamacare enrollees failed to pay their premium
20 slogans and graphics to have handy as we enter the 2014 election season
20 slogans for major brands that are more honest than the real deal...
20 soldiers martyred as bomb hits Bannu convoy
20,000 Fewer Women Held Jobs in December
20-Injured In Stabbing At Franklin Regional High School
20-mile 'pilgrimage' on Monday will support immigrant dad facing deportation
2008 Obama: ‘I Intend to Reverse’ Using Executive Orders
2009 Rand Paul Speech: Cheney Manipulated US Into Iraq War for Profit
200MPH On A Texas Toll Road, In a C7 Corvette
2010 all over again? Early warning signs. (Remember Phil Hare?)
2010: Admiral: President Obama Gave Us Choice to Accept Gays in Military or Resign
2010: Steve King Schools Colbert and Democrats on American Workers
2011 Flashback - Community Reinvestment Act: Separating Fact From Fiction
2012 (VIDEO): Obama Mocks Romney over Russia: "1980s are calling…want foreign policy back."
2013 's lesson for conservatives
2013 - The Year of the Lie
2013 Bowl Season, ACC stinks, Pac12 rocks, may mean trouble for Florida State.
2013 Census Estimate - Florida Trails New York By Just 100,000 Residents
2013 Cultural Winners and Losers
2013 Expatriations Increase by 221%: Number of Americans Who Renounced U.S. Citizenship Soars
2013 F/A-18 crash: Out of fuel, out of time and one chance to land
2013 Guns Sales Set New Record
2013 Memorial Buzz Pet of the Year Contest
2013 Portrait of a President
2013 Ratings: CNN Tops MSNBC in Total Day, But Hits 20-Year Low in Primetime
2013 Reveals Global Warmists' Favorite Alternative Fuel: B.S.
2013 Reveals Gobal Warmists' Favorite Alternative Fuel: B.S.
2013 Saw a ‘Tsunami of Regulatory Actions’ on Environment, Senate GOPs Charge
2013 Top 10 Most Dangerous Cities All Run By Democrats
2013 Wardrobe Malfunction Awards
2013 Will Finish One Of The Ten Coldest Years In US History, With The Largest Drop In Temperature
2013 Year in Review: Tea Party Beats Washington (lengthy but excellent article)
2013 aliya numbers
2013 is the year that proved your ‘paranoid’ friend right
2013 report on Rescue Christians
2013 sixth-hottest year, confirms long-term warming: UN
2013 wasn’t as bad as you might think (“Has this been the worst year of your presidency?”)
2013's Best and Most Beautiful Photos of the Universe
2013, A Year MSNBC Would Like to Forget
2013-14 Bowl Projections
2013: Fewest Police Deaths by Firearms Since 1887
2013: The Most Racist Year Ever
2013: The Year The Progressive Narrative Collided With Reality
2013: The Year in Bacon
2013: The Year of Shamelessness -- Culturally, America reached new depths of depravity this year
2013: The year of the United States’ biggest oil boom, ever
2014 BRIDGESTONE NHL WINTER CLASSIC
2014 COLD
2014 COORS LIGHT STADIUM SERIES
2014 COPO Camaro No. 001 Fetches $700,000 At Barrett-Jackson
2014 Cadillac ELR Coupe - Poolside Commercial (mocks the Europeans)
2014 Evidence-Based Guideline for the Management of High Blood Pressure in Adults
2014 FORMULA 1 GULF AIR BAHRAIN GRAND PRIX - LIVE THREAD
2014 FORMULA 1 PETRONAS MALAYSIA GRAND PRIX - LIVE THREAD
2014 FORMULA 1 ROLEX AUSTRALIAN GRAND PRIX - LIVE THREAD
2014 Federal Budget in Pictures
2014 GOP Grudge Match Starts in Texas
2014 GOP PRIMARY SCHEDULE-MY PLAN-ONE AT A TIME
2014 GOP Primary War Widens
2014 Gilder Lehrman Lincoln Prize Recognizes Guelzo, Johnson and Spielberg
2014 HOOTERS CALENDAR
2014 January Job Cut Report: Planned Cuts Surge 50 Percent
2014 MIT Cold Fusion IAP
2014 Masters Odds — Rory McIlroy favored to win [Golf Ping]
2014 Midterms Heat Up Speculation on GOP Race for House Speaker
2014 Midwest Ice Fishing Tournament gives out more than $36,000 in awards
2014 NCAA Final Four Thread - Florida vs Connecticut; Wisconsin vs Kentucky
2014 National Conference [Ligonier: "Overcoming The World" Free Streaming Audio/Video]
2014 Olympic Hockey TV Schedule
2014 Open Seat Elections
2014 Oscar Nominations
2014 Political Battle Lines
2014 Prediction: A 'Get Out of Jail' Card for Rod Blagojevich
2014 Predictions
2014 Rose Parade Grand Marshal Vin Scully on Emotional Moment in Sportscasting
2014 STUPOR Bowl?
2014 Senate races may be a referendum on Obama; if so, Democrats should worry
2014 Silver Star Service Banner Day
2014 Sochi Olympics Opening Ceremony Live Thread
2014 Texas Primary: 1st Day Early Voting Totals for Harris County [breakdown by party]
2014 Will Be Bigger Wave Than 2010
2014 Winter Paralympics Hockey - Live Thread
2014 World Cup Draw
2014 will test Franco-German alliance, analysts predict
2014: A Bad Year for the Left?
2014: Cubans Now Free to Buy New Cars at Exorbitant Prices
2014: Democrats’ Disaster?
2014: Obamacare Puts Down Roots for the Long Haul
2014: Obama’s America
2014: The 10 Best Airports In The World
2014: The Resurgence of the Tea Party
2014: The World Without America. Or Is It?
2014: The Year of the Primaries
2014: Year Of The Tea Party Republicans
2015 Political Speculation.GOP Takes Senate."Majority Leader Rand Paul/Ted Cruz"?
2016 Dream Ticket: Hillary and Michelle (Clueless Alert)
2016 Elections: Is Palin the GOP’s Answer to Hillary Clinton?
2016 Hillary Clinton Campaign Ad: THE PHONE IS RINGING FROM BENGHAZI
2016 Hopefuls Nowhere to Be Found at GOP Retreat (Amnesty = Toxic)
2016 Poll: Hillary Clinton Clobbers Jeb Bush
2016 Republican Presidential Update: A New, Familiar Name at the Top: Jeb Bush Leads the Pack.
2016 election: Joe Biden can’t think of reason not to run
2016: Cruz Expected to Get 'Hero's Welcome' in Iowa, New Hampshire
2016: Cruz, Rand Lead Tea Party Presidential Poll; Christie, Jeb Bush Last
2016: Ted Cruz Headed to Iowa to Address Homeschoolers
2016: The Battle to be Reagan's Heir
2016? Hillary Clinton 47%, Jeb Bush 33%
2017 and the End of Ethics
203k Nonfarm Payroll Jobs Added (Bartenders Lead Again), Personal Income Declines -0.1%
2040: CNN Breaking News: Flight 370 Still Missing
21 New Years Resolutions for Liberals in 2014
21 brilliant little children who have absolutely mastered the game of hide and seek
21 of the Best BBQ Sandwiches
21 of the best "King Obama" memes and graphics
21-Year-Old Man Murdered After Trying To Break Up Fight At Pre-Baptism Party
21st Century Minutemen...
21st century bird watching: Drone guide
21st-Century Politics: A Minus-Sum Game Where Everybody Loses
22 Strange Animals You Probably Didn’t Know Exist
22,000 Americans Filed Site Error Appeals On Healthcare.gov
226 reasons why people who used to support Obamacare are now against it
22F: reality check meets inflection point
23 Surprisingly Gorgeous Homes Made From Shipping Containers.
23 memes and graphics that demonstrate how embarassing Obama is compared to Putin
24 JH-7A bombers stationed at PLA air base closest to Japan: Kanwa
24 Live Another Day 10 Episode Series Premiers April 2014
24 Underreported Democrat Scandals That Make News Media's 'Bridgegate Mania' Look Like a Joke
24 Veterans Awarded the Medal of Honor
24 Vintage GOP presidential campaign posters
24 Years Later, Providence Man Confesses to Murder — of the Wrong Target
24 cartoons and Photoshops that show the folly of Obama's policy on Iran...
24 graphics and memes of Obama being on the wrong side of history (and a fool in general)
24 graphics and memes that could be considered the "crazy test" for America
24,000 children die everyday.
24-Hour Survival in the Woods Alone: Could You Do It?
24: Live Another Day. First Full Trailer.
25 Days Till State Of The Union.And Really Nothing To Brag About.Maybe Obama Care?
25 Fuel Efficient Cars That Are Not Hybrids
25 Year Old Phoebe Could Be World’s Oldest Living Cat
25 Year old charged with murder allegedly over a photobomb.
25 cities you won't believe are colder than Sochi (Photo)
25 pharmaceutical companies will phase out animal antibiotics
25,000 Pennsylvania residents may lose their Medicaid coverage under Obamacare
26 Senators defy Obama, back Iran sanctions bill
26% of Americans support Obamacare, don’t know earth goes around sun
27 dead in knife attack at SW China train station
270 stranded on powerless train in Labrador for 8 hours in freezing cold
28 JAPANESE SHIPS SUNK, 18 OTHERS DAMAGED, 214 PLANES SMASHED BY NAVY IN PALAU ATTACK (4/8/44)
28 Pages Later: Shrouding an Act of War
28 Points Of Comparison Between 1970s America And America Today – Which Do You Think Is Better?
28 Signs That The Middle Class Is Heading Towards Extinction
28 out of 232 House Republicans vote for clean debt limit bill
28 years ago, Small plane crashes into Sun Valley Mall Concord.
28-Year Old Former JPMorgan Banker Jumps To His Death, Latest In Series Of Recent Suicides
280 remote islands to be nationalized (Japan)
281 Passengers Ill Aboard Royal Caribbean Ship
29-Year-Old Welfare Parasite Would Not Accept An $80,000 A Year Job Driving A Truck
2nd Employee at Catholic School Plans Same-Sex Marriage; School CEO Says She is Welcome to Stay
2nd Former Chicago State Employee Files Whistleblower Lawsuit
2nd Vote – A New Tool For Conservatives
3 Amtrak Trains With Hundreds of Passengers Stranded Since Monday
3 Arrested After Meth, Frozen Gators Found in Florida Home
3 Attempt to Cut Through U.S.-Mexico Border Fence: Agents
3 Basic Differences Between Conservatism and Neoconservatism
3 Charged in Extensive Twin Cities Food Stamp Ring
3 Chinese ships sail through disputed waters
3 Energy Trends You Can't Ignore in 2014
3 GOP lawmakers reverse support of Arizona bill criticized as anti-gay
3 Great Male Role Models for Girls: Fumbling, stumbling, awkward and imperfect and also wonderful
3 Hurt In Hatchet Attack At East Texas Wal-Mart
3 Incredible Photos Illustrate Just How Cold It Is at Lake Superior(Ice Greatest in 35 Years)
3 Lessons Our Politicians Should Learn From Fort Hood
3 More Republicans Lend Support for Budget Deal
3 Preparedness Steps for People in Ukraine
3 Presidents and a Riddle Named Putin
3 REICH PLANE PLANTS WRECKED, 64 U.S. CRAFT LOST IN AIR ATTACK (1/13/44)
3 Reasons Bitcoin Price Stability is Almost Here
3 Reasons Tesla Motors Will Dominate in 2014
3 Reasons Why Our Teenagers Can’t Find Jobs: And why this is terrible for America.
3 Rock Hill (SC) teens charged in mob assault, flare gun shooting
3 Shot at Northwest Miami-Dade Park: Police [NO SIGN of George Zimmerman]
3 Tweets Are Not Racially Aggravated Harassment, Birmingham Court Rules; Taqiyya Doctrine Accepted
3 U.S Soldiers Killed in Plane Crash In Afghanistan
3 Ways to Use The Hunger Games: Catching Fire to Teach Your Kids About the Real World
3 bomb threats in 3 nights frighten Walmart shoppers, employees
3 children found starving, 1 chained to floor in California home (of lesbian couple)
3 children starving, 1 chained to floor (Salinas CA)
3 dead in attack on Bangkok anti-gov't protesters
3 dead in shooting at Elkhart grocery store
3 different Detroit homeowners used guns to defend themselves against intruders this week
3 found dead at Fort Hood military base
3 gay Republicans trying to make election history
3 huge cities flirting with bankruptcy (NYC, Chicago, LA)
3 killed in mudslide; rescue crews continue search [WA State]
3 models grace Sports Illustrated swimsuit cover
3 questions the Obama administration won't answer about Obamacare
3 things you didn't know about Nelson Mandela
3 wise men, fact & lore
3 yrs ago you were evicted from 20 Catherine St 13B. I have your dog. (Lower East Side)
3,300-Year-Old Tomb with Pyramid Entrance Discovered in Egypt
3-D Printing and Product Liability: Identifying the Obstacles
3-alarm fire rips through historic downtown Garrettsville (OH)
3-term NY Rep. Bill Owens to retire (dem quits)
30 Ron Swanson memes that are like chicken soup of the conservative soul...
30 Survey Results That Sound False But That Are Actually True
30 for 30 Shorts: ‘Judging Jewell’
30 injured in CTA Blue Line derailment at O'Hare
30 years for Newlywed Who Pushed Husband Off Cliff
30 years for man who let others have sex with son (gay couple adoption)
30,000 Alaskans sign petition to ditch US, rejoin Russia
30,000 Old Photos Released By The City's Department Of Records (NYC)
30,000-year-old giant virus comes back to life in French lab
300 Local Government Employers Cut Hours, Blame ObamaCare
300 sickened on Royal Caribbean cruise ship that left Jan. 21 from Bayonne
300, Rise of an Empire...Carnage Overload!!
300,000-year-old hearth found: Microscopic evidence shows repeated fire use in one spot over time
303 Deaths Seen in G.M. Cars With Failed Air Bags [Obama Motors KILLS PEOPLE!]
30c3: To Protect And Infect, Part 2 (video about internet security)
31 Percent Of All Food In America Is Wasted – And Why That Is About To End
31 Phrases That Only People In The Military Will Understand
32 Officers Killed by Gunfire in 2013, Lowest Number Since 1887
32 Statistics That Obama Neglected To Mention During The State Of The Union Address
327 denied concealed carry licenses because of poor training
32nd Arrest For Hartford Man On Drug and Weapons Charges
33 First-World Anarchists Who Don’t Care About Your Rules
33 House Republicans to president: Let's talk about 'real health care reform'
33 People That Had One Job and Failed
33% Rise in NYC Murders Under Bill “Soft on Crime” de Blasio
33-Foot-Tall Big Mango Sculpture Stolen in Australia
33-year-old banker leaps to his death from JPMorgan’s Hong Kong headquarters, latest in string....
34 Photoshops and memes to help educate Democrats on Benghazi
34 Photoshops and memes to mock and burst the bubble of global warming alarmists
35 Hilarious Chinese Translation Fails
35 ObamaCare state exchange websites were deemed 'high risk' before launch, documents show
35 Years after Prop 13, Has It Worked? [Jerry Brown and Christie]
35 ‘Acts of Love’
35.5% of Disability Beneficiaries Have ‘Mental Disorder’; 43.2% in D.C.
36 Times Obama Said You Could Keep Your Health Care Plan [A Reminder as it begins...]
36% of Workers Have Less Than $1,000 in Savings
360 million newly stolen credentials on black market: cybersecurity firm
37 Nuclear missile launch officers being investigated
37 Reasons Why “The Economic Recovery Of 2013" Is A Giant Lie
38 times America hated Piers Morgan
38% of Employers Will Lay Off Workers if Minimum Wage is Increased
39-Year-Old Deaf Woman Hears for First Time
3D Printed Mosin Nagant PU Sniper
3D Printing Innovator Drives Custom Trike to Land Speed Record
3D Systems Prints First Hybrid Robotic Exoskeleton Enabling Amanda Boxtel to Walk Tall...
3D Systems and Motorola Explore 3D Printed Lego-Like Modular Smartphones
3D Systems: 4-D Printing A Threat To Long-Term Margins?
3D Video Luftwaffenmuseum Berlin Gatow (Get Out Your 3D Glasses)
3D printers increasingly moving toward mainstream office adoption
3D printing brings new promise
3D printing could transform home building
3D printing huge objects will impact the world economy not small hobbyist crap
3D-Printed Room Looks Like Gaudí On Steroids, Could Signal New Age Of Architecture
3D-printed living human tissues one step closer
3rd District Iowa US House My Decision
3rd-Graders Caught Smoking Pot In Sonora School Bathroom
4 Adults, 1 Juvenile Arrested For Stabbing 2 People At Santa Monica Pier During Brawl
4 Democratic lawmakers either arrested or raided by the FBI in quick succession
4 East Jerusalemites indicted for planning terrorist attack
4 Graham challengers agree to support each other
4 Pakistani Christians now on death row
4 Pension Myths That Keep Us From Making Badly Needed Reforms
4 President's Day Memes for all of America, and 2 for just the liberals
4 Reasons Putin Is Already Losing in Ukraine
4 Reasons Putin Is Already Losing in Ukraine (Oh, brother)
4 Smart microcars tipped over in San Francisco
4 Stabbed Near Chargers vs. Broncos Game
4 Suspects Captured In Deadly Short Hills Mall Shooting
4 UGA football players arrested on theft charges
4 Ways Conservatives Can Win, According to Ted Cruz
4 Years Later, Mystery Still Shrouds McStay Family
4 accused gays whipped in North Nigerian court
4 arrested in deadly New Jersey mall carjacking
4 arrested in deadly carjacking at Short Hills mall
4 charged after men found dead in burning Detroit home
4 couples sue Indiana over same-sex marriage ban
4 killed, 2 wounded in attack at Calif. Indian center
4 member of the Bomb Disposal Unit lost lives in Peshawar
4 reasons ObamaCare premiums will rise next year
4 reasons why Crimea is not Abkhazia
4 shot in Detroit after fight over tax refund
4 wounded as US military aircraft takes on fire during evacuation mission in South Sudan
4,000-year-old Dartmoor burial find rewrites British bronze age history
4,500-year-old boat among Viking artifacts hoard discovered in Galway
4,600-Year-Old Step Pyramid Uncovered in Egypt
4-year-old La. girl killed by 'monster' family pit bull; mom hospitalized
4-year-old Syrian refugee found alone in desert
4-year-old genius has same IQ as Einstein
4.1 Earthquake- Edgefield, South Carolina
4.4 earthquake near L.A. could be 'foreshock' for bigger shake
40 DAYS FOR LIFE REPORTS
40 Days for Life (starts March 5)
40 Days for Life -- March 3 through April 13 -- Pray to End Abortion
40 Days for Life in Russia (Pro-Life Campaign Exported to 1st Country to Legalize Abortion)
40 Pictures of Leonardo DiCaprio Ex Girlfriends and Flings
40 Years in the Energy Desert
40 fascinating maps
40 rebels killed in Waziristan include 36 aliens
40, 60-Watt Incandescents Out by 2014
40,000 new laws take effect in 2014
400 PPM: Carbon Dioxide in the Atmosphere Reaches Prehistoric Levels
400 Priests Defrocked for Abuse? There's More to The Story
400 Teenagers Vandalize Kings Plaza Mall; Play Knockout Game, Attack Security Guards (VIDEO)
41 New Events That Would Get Us to Watch the Winter Olympics
41 Years of Roe v Wade (video)
41% of Net New Jobs in November Were in Government
41st anniversary of Roe v Wade, ie, liberal/progressive extremism gone wild. [FReepathon XII]
41st anniversary of Roe v Wade, ie, liberal/progressive extremism gone wild. [FReepathon XI]
42+% Black Teenage Unemployment Rate? Price Them Completely Out-of-the-Market w/$10 Min Wage!
43 Books About War Every Man Should Read
45 Survival Uses for Alcohol.
450 PLACES FALL IN PSKOV DRIVE; BRITISH WIN 2 ANZIO STRONG POINTS (2/29/44)
46 Years in Washington? (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
46 powerful pro-life images
481 Barclays Employees Were Paid Over 1 Million Pounds In 2013, Despite Losses, Mass Layoffs
49,000 NC Medicaid Cards Mailed To Wrong Addresses
49ers Football Coach Jim Harbaugh in Push-Up Contest With Walrus
49ers playoff game in Green Bay could be coldest ever
49ers' Kaepernick named as suspect in 'suspicious incident'
49ers' bragging billboard is up... in Fife
5 Anti-Gay Companies and 1 Homophobic Charity
5 Brutal Obamacare Facts From CBO’s Latest Economic Report
5 California Children Infected by Polio-Like Illness
5 Careers That Are In Crisis
5 College Football Programs That Produce the Most Super Bowl Players
5 Creative Ways Countries Tried to up Their Birth Rates
5 Disasters Yet To Come With Obamacare
5 Horrific Examples of Cultural Decay in America
5 Intriguing Things This American Observed on His Australia Trips
5 Minors, 1 Adult Arrested In Temecula For Impersonating Police
5 Muslim Movie Reviews: What films get the thumbs up and the thumbs down from the Imams?
5 Myths Propping Up the Obama Presidency: How many will crash by November 2014?
5 NFL Coaches Already Fired
5 People and Groups Abused By the Government For Opposing Obama
5 Private Moon-Race Teams Compete for Bonus $6 Million
5 Random Coincidences That Invented Modern Pop Culture
5 Reasons Apple Looks Like the Next Sony
5 Reasons Christian Businesses Shouldn't Be Legally Forced To Support Gay Weddings
5 Reasons Christianity and Libertarianism are Compatible, Young Evangelicals Say
5 Reasons Marijuana Should Remain Illegal
5 Reasons Obama's 7.1 Million Number Is Meaningless
5 Reasons Putin Thinks He Can Outplay Obama
5 Reasons The Crazy Ones Deserves a Renewal
5 Reasons the Left Is Hating on Lone Survivor—The Same 5 Reasons for Patriots to Love It
5 Scientific Reasons That Global Warming Isn't Happening
5 Structural Problems That Are Destroying America
5 Things Americans Should Still Be Ashamed Of Doing
5 Things Most New Yorkers Don't Know About Bill de Blasio
5 Things Obamacare Teaches You About Liberals
5 Things You Don’t Know about the Our Father
5 Things to do With Those Christmas Bitcoins
5 Top Sci-Fi Gadgets That Actually Exist
5 Virtues That Liberals Take To The Extreme
5 Wacky Things Liberal Feminists Believe
5 Ways America Is Creating a Generation of Wimps
5 Ways Disavowing Masculinity Changed My Life
5 Ways Liberals Make War on Women
5 Ways Liberals Try To Control You
5 Ways Obamacare Is Ruining Lives
5 Ways Socialism Destroys Societies
5 Ways the Liberal Obsession With Income Inequality Hurts the Poor
5 Years After Stimulus, Obama Says It Worked(libs at Time waking up)
5 countries that gained the most millionaires (Where are the world's rich moving?)
5 dead from shootings in 18 hours
5 dumbest Melissa Harris-Perry quotes of 2013 [VIDEO]
5 men taken into custody as suspects in 1978 Lufthansa heist
5 million Scottish trees felled for wind farms
5 powerful arguments for creation and 5 ridiculous comments from evolutionists
5 reasons to consider a no-strings-attached, basic income for all Americans
5 reasons why Obamacare is still a problem for 2014 Democrats
5 tales of amazing dog heroics + Bonus Cat Hero
5,000 Americans answer the call to defend Bundy and the BLM stands down!! [FReepathon thread IX]
5,000 US Profs Endorse 'Ethical' Boycott of Israeli Colleges
5,200 AMERICANS, MANY MORE FILIPINOS DIE OF STARVATION, TORTURE AFTER BATAAN (1/28/44)
5-alarm fire burning at high-rise building on 4th Street near China Basin in San Francisco
5-year-old Ocean Beach boy exposes Microsoft Xbox vulnerability
5-year-old boy left locked in daycare van for 3 hours in Greensboro (Academy of Spoiled Kids)
50 Reasons We're Living Through the Greatest Period in World History
50 States of Obamacare Victims
50 Ways to Celebrate Michelle Obama's Birthday (barf!)
50 Worst Traffic Cities in the U.S. (PHOTOS)
50 Year War on Poverty - Success or Failure?
50 Years Ago Today: The Great Alaskan Earthquake
50 Years Hence: Reviewing LBJ’s "War on Poverty"
50 Years Later, War on Poverty Is a Mixed Bag (NY Times Painful Admission)
50 Years Later, We Know That the NYT Distorted the Kitty Genovese Story to Drive an Agenda
50 Years since LBJ’s Great [Slave] Society
50 ways that people are working around State obstacles
50 years after President LBJ, China declares war on poverty
50% Taxes When Alive, 50% Taxes When You Die: Why New York is the "Must Leave" State
50,000 in NJ sign up for Internet gambling, 741 for Obamacare.....
50,000 rally in Moscow against Crimea intervention
50-tonne jade boulder found in Myanmar
500 Pound Bomb Dropped on U.S. Soldiers By Mistake - INTERVIEW
500 layoffs expected today at Time Inc.
5000 legal students in Florida to lose their tuition to illegals
503 M2.5 Earthquakes in the past week
50th Anniversary Ford Mustang spotted
519 Examples of Obama’s Lying, Lawbreaking, Corruption, & Cronyism
52 Fake Passports Smuggled in Through Dubai Cargo Village
52% of Brits would vote to leave EU tomorrow
56,662,169 Abortions in America Since Roe vs. Wade in 1973
59 test positive for TB after Las Vegas outbreak
5TH ARMY CAPTURES KEY HEIGHTS; FINAL STRATEGY FIXED AT TEHERAN (12/6/43)
5TH ARMY CRACKS GERMAN LINE (12/5/43)
5th Beating Reported In LoDo On New Year’s Day (Denver)
5th Obamacare Navigator fired after James O'Keefe ambush
6 Arguments Only A Liberal Could Believe
6 Chinese nationals charged in Iowa corn seed theft
6 Gay Couples Sue to Overturn Florida Same-Sex Marriage Ban [NBC MIAMI Bias]
6 In 10 African Americans May Qualify For Financial Assistance Under Obamacare
6 Liberal Lies Millennials Must Reject
6 Proposals Denying Service to Gays You Haven’t Heard About
6 Reasons Why Everyone Should Learn Spanish (As a second language)
6 Republican Senators Switched Their Debt Limit Votes (Cornyn)
6 Scientifically Proven Things Men Can Do To Be More Attractive
6 Signs That The White House's Susan Rice Is Clueless About Africa
6 Signs a Republican Senate Takeover Is Within Reach
6 South Florida Couples Sue To Overturn Florida Gay Marriage Ban [CBS Miami Bias]
6 Ways a Poor Night's Sleep Messes with You
6 Year Accused of Sexual Harrassment for Kissing Girl on Cheek
6 arrested during protest at Butler County Jail
6 detained in Mexico theft of radioactive material
6 hotels near NJ Super Bowl stadium have received envelopes containing suspicious white powder
6 to 1 liberal bias in news on Spanish language TV
6,000-year-old vegetation found [ Salisbury plain ]
6,720 TONS HIT REICH IN 24 HOURS; RUSSIANS RIP LINE NEAR TARNOPOL (3/24/44)
6-year-old boy hospitalized after dog attack (Pit Bull Alert)
6.9 earthquake strikes off Northern California coast
60 Injured in Christmas Piranha Attack
60 Minutes/Vanity Fair Poll: Sports
60 Straight Months of Unemployment at 7% or Higher
60 years since Bikini Atoll radioactive fallout
60% of Russians would vote for Putin if elections were held now
600 People Involved in Movie Theater Brawl, 5 Arrested
60mph 'green' speed limit on the motorway
60th Anniversary edition box set of "The Lord of the Rings" to be published in June
62 Dogs Found in Minivan Broken Down in Ohio
63% Don't Have Confidence in Obama to Make Right Decisions
63% of Federal Workers Earning $100K+ Are Men
633 Crimes: Nikko Jenkins Extended Family has Wreaked Havoc on Omaha for Generations
64% of White New York Voters Rate Bill de Blasio Negatively
65 surrogate babies born to Israeli gay couples stuck in Thailand
650 inmates released from Bagram prison
69 Politicians as they were in High School
6th Annual Miami Beach Gay Pride: A Festive Weekend [Miami NBC Official Sponsor]
7 Captions for a photo of an uncharacteristically happy Hillary Clinton...
7 Common Cat Myths Decoded
7 Dog Breeds that Don't Deserve Their Stereotypes
7 Easy Steps to Jailing Obama
7 Famous Japanese Hangover Cures Reviewed
7 Girls Kill Driver Who Tried to Pimp on Them in Al Ain
7 Injured During Horse Melee In Griffith Park
7 LA Sheriff's Deputies Arrested in Jail Probe (Now hearing 18 arrested)
7 Lies Liberals Tell Young Americans
7 Most Corrupt Countries in the World
7 New Motorcycles With Innovative Safety Features
7 Officers Arrested at the Gib Lewis Unit After Alleged Sexual Assault
7 Reasons I'm A Conservative, Not A Liberal
7 Reasons That Russia Is Not The Soviet Union
7 Reasons why the Crimea has avoided bloodshed ....
7 Things Liberals Really Mean When They Cry “Racism”
7 Things Your Kid Will Spend Their Life Doing If You Give Them a Weird Name
7 Times Obama Ignored the Law to Impose His Executive Will
7 best American muscle cars of all time
7 great reasons why you should consider building your next house with Straw Bales
7 reasons Alabamians should oppose the online sales tax money grab
7 reasons not to move when retiring....or to move
7 signs you love your dog more than your spouse
7 steps that'll land Obama in jail
7 super-violent Harvey Weinstein movies that glorify guns
7 ways to shut down a climate change denier [contraians, skeptics]
7-Eleven clerk says she was sacked for giving homeless man free coffee
7-Year-Old Files Traffic Complaint With Connecticut Town, Gets Results
7.5 Quake On Puente Hills Thrust Fault Could [Could] Be Disastrous
7.8 Earthquake in Northern Chile (another one)
70 MILLION AMERICANS TAKING MIND-ALTERING DRUGS
70 RoadRunner
70 new anti-abortion laws OK'd in 22 states, second most ever
70 yr old lady slammed by 3 cops
70% Of U.S. Spending On Writing Checks To Individuals
70% of California doctors are boycotting California's Obamacare exchanges
70% of Israelis don’t trust US on security, says poll
70-Year-Old Nurse Savagely Beaten by Patient After Removing His Catheter
70-year-old Swede kept 557 weapons at home (Sweden)
70-year-old attacked on Brooklyn subway platform
712 Reasons to Protect the Secret Ballot
72 Hours to Chaos
72-year-old East Moline woman arrested for 2008 seat belt ticket
74% of U.S. Afghan Casualties Came After Obama Ordered Troops Increased
74th Anniversary of ‘Gone with the Wind’ premiere
75 state employees paid to work two public jobs at the same time: Cost? Nearly $500,000
77 Years Ago Today The U.S. Apologized To Hitler For NYC Mayor’s Insult
777X offer puts Machinists, Boeing at ‘rock and a hard place’
78% Favor Proof of Citizenship Before Being Allowed to Vote
79 Firearms Collected At (Miami) Holiday Gun Buy Back
79% of Obamacare Enrollees Qualify for Subsidies
7th Armored Brigade ditches old tanks for Merkava Mark IV
8 Best Universe Atlas/Planetary Exploration Tools
8 Cool Cats Do the Shimmy Shimmy Shake! [animated images]
8 Indicted For Home Burglary Ring Targeting Vacationing Los Angeles Times Subscribers
8 Million Acres of China's Farmland is Too Polluted to Farm; All Farm Products From China Suspect
8 Photos You Didn't See From Obama's Trip to South Africa
8 Ridiculous Myths About Eating Meat
8 Steps Obama Must Take to Punish Russia
8 Things You Didn't Know About ‘The Passion of the Christ’
8 Valentines Day memes and graphics for the funny bone
8 examples of Common Core teaching that range from criminally negligent to treason
8 great moments in human stupidity
8 month investigation on downtown business nets arrest, drugs, stolen property
8 of the snarkiest Martin Luther King memes online (and 3 truly inspirational ones)
8 reasons for Catholics to see the upcoming Noah movie
8 reasons why New York women can’t get a husband
8 reasons why suspending Phil Robertson was an overreaction
8-Year-Old Boy Buried Alive After Fainting
8-alarm fire confirmed in East Boston
8-year-old boy saves 6 in blaze before dying while trying to save another
8-year-old that died saving family from fire to get hero’s funeral
8.3 Earth Quake
80 Amish people pick up house and move it
80 From N.Y. Police and Fire Forces Are Charged in Social Security Fraud
80 House Members Still Haven't Committed to Oppose Amnesty: Here's the Target List
800 U.S. BOMBERS HIT FRANKFURT; RAF DEALS BERLIN ANOTHER BLOW (1/30/44)
800 U.S. BOMBERS SMASH AT BERLIN BY DAY; 68 LOST IN BATTLES, 123 OF FOE SHOT DOWN (3/7/44)
800,000-year-old human footprints found in Norfolk
800-Pound Runaway Snowball Slams Into College Dorm, Knocks In Wall
800-year-old monk found poking out of cliff face
81% of people receiving public housing benefits vote Democratic – and that’s just the tip
81-Year-Old Great-Grandmother Jailed For 2 Days For Pet Violation
82 Percent of Abortions in NYC, 64% in Texas Were on Black or Hispanic Babies
82-Year-Old's Stomach Ache Turns Out To Be 40-Year-Old Fetus
82-year-old man attacks intruder with hammer
83 Numbers From 2013 That Are Almost Too Crazy To Believe
83 Senators Put Obama on Notice About Iran, Demand ‘Core Principles’ in Any Deal
83-Year-Old Man Shoots Home Invader In The Chest
85% Think Christian Photographer Has Right to Turn Down Same-Sex Wedding Job (2013)
85% of Pension Funds to Fail in Three Decades
85-year-old U.S. Army sniper veteran proves he hasn't lost his skills @ 1,000 yards
9 April Fools Day graphics and memes for those non-pranksters out there...
9 Captions for this weird looking photo of Obama bowing his head and clasping his hands...
9 Cats With Cushy Jobs [w/pix]
9 Household Products That May Be Spying on You
9 Images demonstrating why Opening Day is probably not Obama's favorite day anymore (or ever)...
9 Of The Top 10 Occupations In America Pay An Average Wage Of Less Than $35,000 A Year
9 Out Of 10 Americans Are Completely Wrong About This Mind-Blowing Fact
9 Out of 10 Saudi Men Say Eyeshadow on Women Causes Sexual Assaults
9 Reasons Why Public Schools Wallow In Mediocrity
9 Tech Trends That Will Make Someone Billions Of Dollars Next Year
9 Things Cats Know but Won't Tell You
9 Things You Might Not Know About HHS Nominee Sylvia Burwell
9 Valentine's Day cards from Democrats
9 Violent Criminals That Paid Less For Bail Than "2016" Filmmaker
9 White Celebs, World Leaders Whose Families Owned Slaves
9 big reasons why public schools wallow in mediocrity
9 bombers, US soldier killed in Kandahar ISAF base attack,
9 die in fire destroying Argentine bank archives
9 of the best captions for this photo of Obama and Biden jogging...
9 of the best captions for this photo of Obama pushing a big red button with Zach Galifianakis
9 old-time cures doctors swear by
9 shot, 3 dead in 12 hours in Philly
9-year-old Ohio girl found in dumpster, neighbor arrested
9/11 Families 'Ecstatic' They Can Finally Sue Saudi Arabia
9/11 Link To Saudi Arabia Is Topic Of Redacted Pages In Gov't Report; Congressmen Push For Release
9/11 Plotter Released in Syria Prisoner Exchange
9/11 Truther Rosie O'Donnell: My Son Joined the Military to 'Annoy' His 'Left-Wing' Mother
9/11 mastermind says Koran 'forbids' violence to spread Islam
9/11 recruiter reportedly freed in Syria
9/11 truther Richard Gage is a preacher to a dying breed
9/11 truther: How I sneaked into Super Bowl XLVIII -- and hijacked the postgame show
90 Year Old Fights Off Robber With Gun (armed 90-year old)
90% of Union Growth in the US was in New York
90% of new AIDS cases among college students in Chinese mega-city due to homosexual sex
90% of shooting rampages could be stopped by quick-thinking civilians: expert
91 Year Old Grandma Broke Hip
91-Year-Old Woman in Lawrence Resists Developer
911 Call: Woman Rushed to Hospital Hemorrhaging From Botched Late-Term Abortion
911 call from 76-year-old: "I just shot a man"
93% of voters suppport Crimea's accession to Russia – exit polls
93-Year-Old Knock Out Game Victim/Defender a Myth
94 Year Old WW II Vet Still Performs Flag-Bearing Duties to Honor Vets
94% of Electricity in 2013 Came from Reactors, Dams and Fossil Fuels
95% of Climate Models Agree: The Observations Must be Wrong
95K without power in Northeast due to ice storm
97-Year-Old Iraqi Dies 6 Months After Marrying Young Girl
97-Year-Old Tells Story About Escaping Carjacking
9th Annual TexasCowboy Memorial Shoot Planning Thread
9th Circuit Affirms Military Comm. Has Authority over Gitmo Terrorist
@BarackObama 10 years off in remembrance of ‘Bloody Sunday’
@WikiLeaks' Julian Assange: Anti-Catholic Bigot
A "Diverse and Tolerant" Immigration proposal ~ Vanity
A "Gospel" that Almost Killed Me (Prosperity Gospel)
A "Just for Fun" Predictions Thread...
A $100 Bill (e-mail philosophy)
A 'Perfect Storm' Occurred In Space In 2012, Scientists Say
A 'Witch' Purification Ritual in Ghana
A 'tsunami' of store closings expected to hit retail
A (non) debate over honoring Confederate generals (Reply to Wash. Times article of 12/17)
A 10-year-old boy was suspended after he pretended to shoot an imaginary
A 400 point Hypothetical Dow Jones drop.... ~ Vanity
A 69-Year-Old Man Is Still In The Mental Hospital He Entered After Stealing A $20 Necklace In 1971
A Bad Apple for the Big Apple
A Bad Year for Freedom in the World
A Bandage That Senses Tremors, Delivers Drugs, and Keeps a Record
A Beat-up, Exhausted, and Terrified Republican Establishment
A Behaviorist's Approach To Investment Strategy: Embrace Who You Are
A Benghazi father’s message for the son who was left behind [VIDEO]
A Better Way to Protect Detroit Pensioners
A Biblical Review of the Noah Movie
A Biblical teaching on the problem of (self) Deception
A Big Fracking Lie (Obama supporters in a panic)
A Billion-Dollar Bracelet Is the Key to a Disney Park
A Birthday Good Riddance to Obamacare
A Black Woman Embarrassed by Obama
A Bonhoeffer Christmas
A Book(s) Recommendation for this Weekend...
A Boy and His Dog (tissue alert)
A Brief Explanation of the Nuptial Meaning of the Body.
A Brief History Of The Demise Of Battle Bots
A Brief History of Pacifism and Isolationism vs. Interventionism in the Republican +party
A Brief History of Same-Sex Marriage and Why Catholics Are Losing the War Against It
A Brief Meditation on Mystery
A Brief Meditation on “Other Duties as Assigned.”
A Brief Primer on Vladimir Putin's Eurasian Dream
A British Tea Party?
A Broadband Plan for the States
A CHILD IS BORN
A CHRISTMAS Blessing from Bill Martinez
A CIA Chief’s Willful Blindness on Jihad
A Calcifying Mediocrity [accommodation with the statist must end]
A Call From Jamaica, Mon...Don't get scammed!
A Call for Immigration Reform Informed by the Bible
A Call to Revolution
A Campus More Colorful Than Reality: Beware That College Brochure (Libs use minorities as props)
A Carter Could Turn Georgia Blue
A Carter Intervention in Venezuela: Another PR stunt to serve Venezuela’s socialist oppressors?
A Case of Faculty Discrimination Based on Politics
A Cash-Strapped Europe's Latest Craze: Rented Clothes
A Cat's Guide to Loving a Human
A Catholic Showdown Worth Watching
A Cautious Middle East Forecast for 2014
A Central Deception in the Obama Administration’s Case Against the Little Sisters of the Poor
A Chance to Move On (Israel, Olmert)
A Chaos-Driven Path to Single Payer? Strong indications have emerged that this may be the plan.
A Charlie and Nan Debate? See Charlie Run [Florida Democrat Primary]
A Chart of Some of the Wildest Conspiracy Theories That Actually Turned Out to Be True!
A Chastened and Weary Obama Reports on State of the Union (Barf)
A Chilling And Awe-Inspiring Malaysia Air Flight 370 Story
A Chilling Proposal
A Chilling Reality: the Islamization of Our Military
A China Triangle: Bitcoin, Baidu And Beijing
A Christian useful idiot gushes Muhammad was a George Washington and supporter of human rights
A Christmas Carol (1984) with George C. Scott
A Christmas Eve Message to the Troops
A Christmas Story In Real Life
A Christmas Story tour: Where to celebrate the movie's 30th anniversary in Cleveland
A Christmas Thought
A Christmas Wish: Less Government
A Christmas wish for Christian communities across the Middle East
A City In Decline? ’2020&#8242; Report Paints Bleak Future For LA
A Closer Look At Teacher Salaries In Michigan
A College Kid Couldn't Afford a 3D Printer, So He Built One Himself (Bonus 3-D gun video)
A Colossal Bridge Will Rise Across the Hudson
A Comma Dean of Errors
A Comma Dean of Errors (Campus Fascism)
A Comment on Argentina’s Uncharitable Baptism
A Common Core Game Changer
A Common-Sense Way of Fighting Organized Crime
A Conservative Case for Marriage Equality and Zots
A Conservative View of Dave Camp’s Tax Reform Bill
A Constitutionalist in North Carolina
A Conversation with Karen Handel
A Conversation with a TEOTWAWKI Survivor
A Corrupt Criminal Justice System
A Coup or a Revolution? Ukraine Seeks Arrest of Ousted President Following Deadly Street Protests
A Crisis of Faith: Morality in an Amoral Society
A Culture That Celebrates Abortion Wills Its Own Destruction
A DC-9 Flight For the History Books and A Look Back
A Dangerous Insularity
A Date That Will Live Forever in Infamy
A Date That Will Live Forever in Infamy - A satire by Daniel Greenfield
A Day Made of Glass
A Day in the Life (Under Obamacare) (Video)
A Deadly Mix in Benghazi (NYT investigates)
A Decent Sandwich in New York [Doug Wilson on Jason Stellman's conversion from PCA to Catholic]
A Deceptive California Bill on Campus Rape
A Deep Look At The 3D Revolution - Where Printing Money Is A Reality
A Deeper Look at the Phony “Texas Miracle”
A Democratic Dilemma on Legalizing Pot
A Dictionary of Obamaspeak (The real meaning of the terms used by Obama and the “Progressives.”)
A Different Christmas Music Channel
A Different Christmas Poem
A Dishonest "Cosmos"
A Distant View of Janus, One of Saturn’s ‘Dancing Moons’
A Doctor Finally Sues on Obamacare
A Doctor’s Oath: Government may be poised to mandate that all doctors participate in Obamacare.
A Doctor’s self-serving medical fraud which caused countless illnesses and deaths
A Dog Ran Alongside a Metro-North Train From the Bronx to Manhattan and Didn’t Die
A Dramatic Biblical Moment that almost Every one Missed
A Duck Dynasty Checklist
A Duck Dynasty Christmas
A Duck Dynasty Solution for A&E: Phil Robertson Should Debate Dan Savage
A Duck the Halls Sing-along and Annual Christmas Recipe Exchange Day
A FOURTH student comes forward with allegations Math teacher, 24, had sex with him [Short title]
A FReeper CALL TO ACTION! EVERY DONATION COUNTS! PLEASE MAKE YOURS TODAY! (FReepathon Thread XIX)
A FairTax question - are investment transactions included as taxable end-user purchases? (vanity)
A Family Terror: The Tsarnaevs and the Boston Bombing
A Fascist Hero in Democratic Kiev (Feb 24, 2010)
A Federal Model for Ukraine
A Feminist Defense of Masculine Virtues
A Festival of Nine Lessons and Carols (Live from Cambridge England - 7AM Pacific Time)
A Few More Reasons To Repeal ObamaCare
A Fight for the GOP Torch in Alaska (establishment vs establishment)
A Film Races Against the Odds ("50 to 1")
A Fine Tribute to The Great Leader!
A Finger On the Scales
A Fire Bell in the Night for the EU
A First Look at the Target Intrusion, Malware
A Fiscal Lesson from Germany
A Fishing Joke
A Force More Powerful Than Oscar
A Foreshadowing of Future Mass Panic in America: This Is Why We Prepare…
A Formula for Happiness
A Fresh Start For Hillary and Liberals?(The MSM, Facilitator of the US Govt Failure)
A Friendlier Iran? Or Have They Just Moved Their Nukes to North Korea?
A Friendly Visit From the FCC
A Full Explanation of Batali & Bastianich's SLA Issue
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to a Ham Sandwich
A Future of Lab-Produced Meat?
A GOP Immigration Plan to Satisfy No One
A GOP Plan for Health Care? Don’t Bet on It: The Republicans won't unify on a plan
A GOP Proposal.Ted Cruz Needs To Present An "Actual State Of The Union Address" On Tuesday.
A GOP Year
A GOP “dam ready to break” in West Virginia
A Gaffe Can Matter When It Motivates the Base (Iowa Democrat Bruce Braley)
A Gay CEO with Balls Needs to Hire Eich and Halt this Crap
A Gay-Rights Cave-In at Sochi? What happened to all that outrage?
A General Theory of Obamacare Fiction
A Georgia Mother's Desperate Plea (Common Core)
A Glimpse into the Political Future
A God of heft: Lecturer says Americans too often pray to gain the unimportant (Mr. Obama's pastor)
A Golden Rule Christmas
A Good Man Has Died
A Government Admission of Wrongdoing
A Government Separated from the People Cannot Stand
A Great Way To Lower Health Care Costs…Ignored
A Group Of Snipers Shot Up A Silicon Valley Power Station Before Slipping Into The Night
A Hate Crime in Texas
A Hillary 2016 bumper sticker only conservatives would want (yes, you would)
A Historic Collapse
A History of the Disastrous Global Warming Hoax
A Hobbyist Challenges Papers on Growth of Dinosaurs
A Homosexuality DICTIONARY for Born-again Christians
A Homosexuality Propaganda Misfire at the Winter Games?
A Huge Solar Plant Opens, Facing Doubts About Its Future
A Humorous Look at a Socialist President
A Husky Grooming a Cat ..... and then there's the Pomeranian
A Hymn and The Mystery of time
A Jewel in Two Crowns [Soviet Sevastopol]
A Jewish Boycott
A Keystone Paycheck Reform
A Killed Serviceman's Letter to His Mom
A LIBERAL MUGGED BY REALITY (or not)
A Labor of Love: This House of EBT Cards
A Lack of Identity politics…Exactly the reason the GOP can’t seem to attract minorities & immigrants
A Large New Tax on Small Business
A Last Ode to Old Man Doug Who Dies at Age 18
A Late Lenten Meditation on the Reality of Spiritual Warfare
A Left-Wing America Stands Alone
A Lefty Archbishop who's generous with YOUR money not his flock's.
A Legislative Agenda for 2014
A Lenten Meditation on the Cross as a Place of Love, even joy.
A Lesson From Ukraine On Cell Phone Metadata
A Letter From A Soldier's Wife
A Liberal Like Biden Botches Foreign Policy...And You're SURPRISED?
A Little Bit of Good News
A Little Help for Sister Darla
A Little Sugar Coating and Bit of Demagogy is a Recipe for National Suicide by Regulation
A Live-and-Let-Live Law: Arizona's Law Promotes Tolerance, Not only for Gays, but for All
A Long Simmering Feud: Penn State - Iowa Wrestling
A Look At Population Health
A Look Back At How The President Was Able To Sign ObamaCare Into Law Four Years Ago
A Look at the Contested GOP Primaries
A Love Letter to Americans
A Love/Hate Relationship With CPAC
A Man Was Burned In A Fire. Then They Shot Him With A Really Nice Gun To Make Him Feel Better.
A Mandate for Layoffs
A Manifesto for Free Markets in Health Care
A Manufactured Epidemic - The overdiagnosis of ADHD is "national disaster of dangerous..."
A Map of State Life Expectancies (And What Country They're Closest To)
A McConnell Majority vs. an Enduring Majority
A Mesolithic face from Southern Europe
A Message To All “Offended” Muslims: 2014 Version
A Milestone to Celebrate: I Have Closed All My Businesses in Ventura County, California
A Modest Proposal to Begin Updating our National Symbols
A Modest Proposal: A Joint Commercial/Israeli/Saudi Return to the Moon
A Monk Speaks on Love, Sex, and Marriage
A Monsignor Reflects on the Restriction of the Title “Monsignor.”
A Month of Horror for Christians under Islam
A Moral Revolution at Warp Speed—Now, It’s Wedding Cakes
A More Perfect Union Part 1 of 8 mp4 (Film)
A Most Dangerous Journey: Tracing the Human Cost of Immigration From Altar to Arizona
A Most Noble Pursuit (Local Metal Arts Community Breathes New Life Into Ancient Craft)
A Movable Voter Fraud Feast?
A Muslim doctor talks about the Technion and BDS
A Naked Eye Nova Erupts in Centaurus
A Nation Adrift [video]
A Nation of Bastards
A Nation of Laws, Not Men, Must Impeach Obama
A National Strategy Funds State Political Monopolies
A Nation’s Attempt to Survive Isn’t ‘Racism’
A New Assault on Freedom of the Press
A New Breed of Breeder (Slouching Towards Gaytheism: Christianity and Queer Survival in America)
A New Democratic Poll Is Warning Of Midterm Disaster For Democrats [biased headline]
A New Kind of Racism?
A New Novartis Heart Failure Drug Might Be A Blockbuster
A New Obama Doctrine? (should mr. mom-jeans get really, really, really serious now?)
A New Obamacare Wrinkle. You Can Not Cancel Auto-pay.
A New Religious Community Takes Root in Santa Rosa (sedevacantism to communion with Rome)
A New Report Shows How Young Liberals Own the Future of American Politics
A New San Francisco Based Drama Premiers on FX: The Sons of AnarchYee
A New Study Says Benefits of Global Warming Greatly Exceed Costs
A New Year's Day Gift
A New Year's Warning
A New Year, a New Round of Racism, Genderism and Golf
A New York State of Mind: Illiberal Liberal Values
A New ‘Rough Patch’ in U.S.-South Africa Relations
A Nightmare Presidency
A Note to ‘Fiscal Conservatives’: If you want smaller gov't, the religious right is your ally
A Palestinian Explains Why He Worked As An Israeli Informant
A Paper Kitten
A Paper Plane that Flies, not just Glides
A Parent Was Worried About How the Dog Would React to Newborn Baby
A Party for the Empress
A Patriots Ride!-America First!
A Peek into Obama’s Weekend at Sunnylands (Barf alert)
A Perfect Day: My America @ The Gun Range
A Personal Note on Inequality
A Picture is Worth 1000 Words Dept.
A Pilot Shortage Made in Congress: Heavy-handed safety rule causing major problems for air travel.
A Pilot on Hijacking of MH370
A Poll to Freep
A Poll to Set the Record Straight in Georgia
A Possible First: Lawsuit Over Birds Stops Federal Wind Energy Project
A Powerful Video Being Shared On Facebook
A Prayer given at a Pro-life Rally on January 22, 2014
A Primer on the Laffer Curve to Help Understand Why Obama’s Class-Warfare Tax Policy Won’t Work
A Prophet Who Prepares. A Homily for the Second Sunday of Advent
A Précis of the Catholic Teaching on Homosexuality and Homosexual Acts
A Purple Texas? Not so fast.
A Purposely Censored Racial Attack In Ithaca New York ?….Black Suspects/ White Victim
A REAL-LIFE DEMON POSSESSION IS BEING REPORTED IN INDIANA
A REPRINT THAT'S VIRAL NOW
A Race to the Insurance Company To Secure Coverage After Obamacare Fails
A Racist Turn in India
A Rare Elected Voice for Socialism Pledges to Be Heard in Seattle
A Rat-Infested "(redacted profanity)" - This Is New York City's Worst School (And The Reason Why)
A Rational Approach to the Divinity of the Jewish Torah Oral Tradition
A Real Cause For Christian Outrage
A Real Christmas
A Recent Study Affirms that Conscience is innate and present even in the youngest children.
A Reconciliatory State of the Union
A Reflection on Cardinal Kasper's Speech on the Family (Robert Fastiggi,Prof of Theology)
A Renewed Reagan Conservatism
A Repeal by Any Other Name
A Reply to the Anonymous Critic at Rorate Caeli (Vatican intervention on FFI) [CATH CAUCUS]
A Reprise of a Low, Dishonest Decade
A Republican Health Care Plan: Bobby Jindal’s Plan
A Republican Path to Citizenship – Via Boot Camp
A Republican Vision for Health Reform
A Resisted Pill to Prevent H.I.V.
A Review of 2013’s Dark Energy and a Quantum Explanation of the "Big Obama Expansion Effect"
A Review of a Review
A Revolution in Money
A Roll of the Dice
A Ruling for Polygamy -- and Freedom
A Run On Ammunition Has Begun:
A SCOTUS 'fix' in the works?: Liberals are pressuring Justices Ginsburg and Breyer to retire
A Sabbath Day thought: December 29, 2013
A Saintly Supper: Fulton Sheen and the Turning of a Communist
A Salad Bar for the Space Station
A Schism in the Atheist Church
A Selfie in South Africa
A Serious GOP Alternative to Obamacare
A Signal From Central Valley That GOP May Act on Immigration
A Silent Chinese Invasion & Disarmament of America is Taking Place
A Simple Alternative to the ObamaCare Mandate
A Single Picture to Show that Many Nations Are Economically Doomed
A Slide Show of Sanctity – A Homily for the 6th Sunday of the Year
A Slight Case of Bastardy [Read this]
A Small Business Hit With Skyrocketing Health Costs Due to Obamacare
A Small But Growing Number of Jews Are Questioning The Ancient Ritual of Circumcision
A Smartphone That Tries To Slip You Off The Grid
A Society on the Brink of Anarchy
A Soldier in the Great War (US Military Allows Beards, etc)
A Solution to Gay Wedding Cakes [Turn About's Fair Play]
A Somerville Tree Saga: Redefining Private Property (Barf)
A Song for Our American Times...
A Song for Your Heart in 2014?
A Southern Black History Month tribute
A Southern Saint Patrick's Day Remembrance
A Southern Soldier’s Christmas Gift
A Spectacular New Martian Impact Crater
A Step Backwards in Ukraine - Are these the last weeks for the Yanukovych regime?
A Step Toward Restoring Voting Rights (NYT barf alert)
A Story Too Good To Check: Paul Ryan And The Tale Of The Brown Paper Bag
A Strike at the Heart of Obamacare
A Strong Breed of Men
A Struggling RadioShack Will Close 20% of Its Stores
A Stunning 63% Of Florida December Home Purchases Were "All Cash"
A Stunning Upset, But What Was That Dance? Meet the Nae Nae
A Surprising Critic of Presidential Vacations
A Tale Of Two 'Diverse' American Flag Incidents: “IDGAF,” v. “The Least I Could Do Was Pick It Up”
A Tale of Two Cities - and Liberal Logic
A Tale of Two Cuomos
A Tale of Two Drought, ca
A Tale of Two Leaders: Nelson Mandela and George Washington
A Tale of Two Millennials: Pajama Boy and Me
A Tale of Two Scandals: The media overreact on Christie, but underreact on the IRS.
A Tale of Two Surges
A Tale of Two Wendys
A Target store at Waugh Chapel Towne Centre looks like the Eye of Sauron in 'Lord of the Rings'
A Tea Party Commercial for 2014 ~ Vanity
A Tea Party Forum Called Me Limp-Wristed For Not Liking Sarah Palin's Book (That'd be us)
A Tea Party of Rivals
A Teachable Moment: Lessons From The Obamacare Debacle
A Teacher's Take on Common Core (Vanity)
A Teen With Spina Bifida Becomes Princess For a Day
A Terrible “Deal” In Which Only Career Military Are Called Upon To Sacrifice
A Third of King City, California Police Officers Arrested for Corruption
A Three-Year Obamacare Moratorium
A Time to Tear Down, a Time to Build
A Toast to Buckley
A Tortured Policy Toward Russia
A Totally Rational Defense Of The BCS, And Why You’re Gonna Miss It Next Year
A Treasury of Children's Insane Christmas Wish Lists
A Tribute to My Friend, Noel Sheppard
A Trust Deficit
A Twitter Message About AIDS, Africa and Race (thought police strike again!)
A U.S. Coast Guard rescue swimmer describes the crash scene as 'surreal'
A Ukraine City Spins Beyond the Government’s Reach
A United States 'Spring' Coming?
A Very Cold Reality
A Very Important And Important Scientific Ranking of Jerry's Girlfriends
A Vision to Unite America
A Visit to the Cemetery
A Warning from History: The Fatal Sequence and How Democracies Are Destroyed
A Wheaton discussion of homosexuality [former lesbian speaks on college campus]
A White Christmas
A Whole Lotta Democratic Corruption Going On
A Winning Alternative to Obamacare ["pave the way for full repeal"]
A Winning Ticket
A Word for THE HIDDEN ONES SHINE YOUR LIGHT PREPARE THE WAY!
A Workable Budget Plan
A World In Revolt...Psalm 2 pt 1
A World Wide Soul ((( Shaking ))) Event !
A World Without America's Military Caregivers (RAND Corp. study)
A Wreckovated Church Gets Un-wrecked
A Year in Review: Favorite Animal Moments of 2013 [animated pix, vids]
A Year of Repentance should follow a Year of Faith
A YouTube Poll of CPACK speech views. (Vanity)
A ban on autos? Major cities consider going carless
A big election win in Oregon (Saturbray)
A big win for Ryan, the GOP and the country
A birds eye view....neat photos from around the globe
A blast from winter past(1977 Buffalo winter)
A bleak White House Christmas card this year
A blessed and joyous Christmas to all our readers!
A bold new future for construction materials approaches (Self-forming 4-D skyscrapers?)
A book to read before Election Season 2014 REALLY heats up...
A brief history of Obamacare delays
A brief word on James Bond and martinis
A bump in radical feminism’s control of the gender agenda
A call for active, nonviolent resistance to evil
A call to my childhood rapist teacher (Alhambra, CA Vice Principal)
A car dealer’s scientific guide to the 10 worst used vehicles
A closer look at the Benghazi lie
A conservative case for universal coverage
A conspiracy so vast: it's not just the NSA, now the FBI, local police also spying on US citizens
A convenient bridge for Hillary
A cosmic feast! Milky Way’s mysterious black hole set to gobble up giant gas cloud
A couple desperate to be parents asks: Will you help us pay for fertility treatments?
A couple of "Ready for Hillary" ad liberals will never run (but they should)
A couple of Jewish girls jamming on acoustic Gibsons in front of a Christmas tree...
A cross-platform java-bot
A crow solves an eight-step puzzle
A cup of Earl Grey 'as good as statins' at fighting heart disease, study finds
A dark day for the rainbow nation: Tears on the streets as South Africans begin to mourn
A deacon’s blog suppressed
A decade of crime: The sad decline of woman, 34
A different take on Tut
A father is deported despite efforts to stop his deportation
A few questions for the Cheer Leaders at ABC, NBC, CBS, AP, NYT, et al.
A few thoughts about changes to the Congregation for Bishops. Wherein Fr. Z rants.
A fight in Florida for national bragging rights
A first for me.. I need HELP, a free virus, pop-up, removal, protection..
A flag and 15 yards for a slur
A ghost ship filled with cannibal rats may be headed straight for Britain
A giant tongue slide, a marijuana leaf leotard and crotch grabbing: Miley Cyrus
A glitch in Obamacare marketplace no one noticed
A grand distraction by state lawmakers (The Progressive argument begins)
A great ad from 2012 – that no one heard…
A great country deserves a great immigration system (Cornyn 2013 Op-Ed)
A handy guide to help even the lowest information voter translate Obama-speak
A healing in sharing war experiences
A health industry expert on ‘the fundamental problem with Obamacare’ (They can't collect the tax)
A healthy diet costs $2,000 a year more than an unhealthy one for average family of four
A history of the disastrous global warming hoax
A homeless dog living in a trash pile gets rescued
A kinder, gentler Ken Buck
A lame reason for not drug-testing Asiana pilots
A law for religious pedophiles in Iraq?
A law so stupid California legislature seeks to repeal it two months after it took effect
A left-wing disdain for conservative women and families flares up
A letter to the First Lady, on her birthday
A list of close primaries for conservatives?
A long history in America of portraying Catholic priests as predators
A look at first lady's China itinerary
A lovers’ quarrel over a glass eye and an attempt to sic police on Senator Mike Duffy...
A married man is ordained a Maronite Catholic priest
A meditation on the teaching of Jesus that we are stubborn of heart and slow to believe
A mental health professional responds to our “Loose lips can cost you your gun rights” story
A millenial's tired old 'solutions'
A miracle for liberals that's not restricted to just the holidays...
A moment of silence for Mandela?(Vanity)
A new landmark date for repression in Venezuela: confirming the dictatorship
A new power in conservative media
A new way to gauge the worth of college debt, starting salary
A new way to print cells could make it easier to 3D print organs
A nomination so vile the Senate must say NO
A perfect example of why you should be careful watching CNN
A pioneer of free-market economics gives us 3 must-read books on the subject
A place to renew patriotism [A Texan Discovers New England]
A planet past Pluto? Astronomers redefine the solar system's edge
A plea to stop the Stairway/Step madness – for the Chillllllren!
A pointed comment on our gun culture
A politically incorrect (or "correct" depending on your P.O.V.) reality show for Obama
A polling puzzle: Obama's popularity at low ebb, even as economy improves
A pony named Princess was mauled by two pit bulls and had to be euthanized as a result
A potent threat of major earthquake off California's northern coast
A practically perfect animation that illustrates how government solves problems
A president's second term is always worse then the first.
A question for you shooters re hearing protection. (Vanity)
A quick response to Obama's assertion government is supposed to "focus" on our lives...
A record of controversy: Piers Morgan’s career at CNN
A reminder of what the “broken” US healthcare system Obama is bent on destroying has done
A rich French woman abandoned this apartment in 1942.What they found inside is incredible.
A salute to Vets
A sensitive vegan
A smack in the face from an Atheist.
A steady flow of talented, industrious immigrants can fuel a booming economy
A super-early look at the 2016 N.H. GOP presidential primary
A superb foreign policy speech — from Ted Cruz (yup!)
A tale of ancient toothpaste
A tale of two cities, two factions, two Clintons
A tax question re multiple W2 forms.
A tea-party group targeted by Democrats gets attention from the IRS—and the FBI, OSHA, and the ATF
A threat for the digital age – an avatar Osama Bin Laden...[title shortened]
A too-early look at the 2016 presidential race: Bet on a dark horse
A treatise on race; the Democrats and Republican
A very Rob Ford Christmas? ‘Santa Claus’ escorted out of City Hall as mayor sells bobbleheads
A very educational animation demonstrating the mainstream media's relationship with the public
A vintage photo of Obama learning to "love" America
A winter rescue: Rangers trek into frigid, snowy darkness to save hikers
A woman’s thoughts on Lone Survivor. And a message to candy-ass liberals.
A word for Intercessors and the body of Christ
A year after Newtown, searching for answers in the nation’s schools
A year after resignation, ex-Pope Benedict has no regrets
A year in waste: Top examples of government fiscal follies (Golden Hammer ‘winners’)
A young Christian girl killed by the Taliban for helping a Muslim converted to Christianity
A young, gay immigrant comes out of two closets
A “Human Right” to Other People’s Money
A “Marriage Spring?” —Like the Arab Spring?
A&E Backs Down, Phil Robertson Suspension Lifted, Duck Dynasty, True Tolerance Triumph
A&E Death Threats – Wal Mart Sells Out of DD Gear – GLAAD Experiences Record Backlash
A&E Didn't Want to Disrespect Gay Employees By Keeping Phil on 'Duck Dynasty'
A&E Glorifies Homophobes (and Mass-Murdering Warmongers)
A&E Offers Compromise to Phil Robertson
A&E Reverses Suspension of Phil Robertson, GLAAD Dealt Stinging Defeat
A&E Welcomes Phil Robertson Back to 'Duck Dynasty'
A&E declares war on 'Duck Dynasty's' Christian values
A&E has a funny way of showing their displeasure with Grandpa Phil
A&E not oppressing Phil Robertson with suspension
A&E spinoffs: Dyke Dynasty, Schmuck Dynasty, Lame Duck...
A&E still cashing in on suspended ‘Duck Dynasty’ star Phil Robertson (Friday marathon)
A&E, The NYT and the DNC Bring You “REHAB ADDICT: The Hillary Addition [sic]”
A-rod suspended!
A.B. Stoddard: ObamaCare must change [Obama’s only hope is change]
AAPS Warns Against Proposed “Permanent Fix” to SGR
AARP: One More Big Brother?
ABBA and the Story of the Most-Inane-Ever Tax Controversy
ABBA singer says group wore outlandish costumes to avoid tax
ABC Falsely Reports Pope Removed “Outspoken Critic of Abortion” From Vatican Court
ABC Frets Over Pro-American Cadillac Ad: 'Arrogant' and 'Xenophobic?'
ABC Is Shocked That Anti-ObamaCare Ad Uses Actors (Pajama Boy not mentioned)
ABC News Attacks Tom Perkins for "A Progressive Kristallnacht" Opinion
ABC News Gushes Over Democratic Activist's Question to Hillary: 'If You Don't' Run, 'Who Will?'
ABC News reports on guns mislead Americans
ABC News: From George Zimmerman to Jodi Arias and Adolf Hitler, Killers Who Paint
ABC News’ Elizabeth Vargas: ‘I am an alcoholic’
ABC Proves Michelle Obama Is Superficial And Devoid Of Accomplishment
ABC Swoons: 50 Ways to Celebrate Michelle Obama’s Birthday
ABC Uses Children in 'Young Guns' Experiment to Demonize Firearms
ABC's 'Bachelor' Juan Pablo Galavis Says Gays Shouldn't Be on the Reality TV Show
ABC's 'Bachelor' Juan Pablo Galavis Says Gays Shouldn't Be on the Show
ABC's 'Nightline' Skipped ObamaCare for 123 Days, Gossips Over 'Bootleg Butt Injections'
ABC, NBC mum on why gay wedding on Rose Bowl float wasn't part of TV coverage
ABC’s '14 For 14' Hot Seat: Meet Mary Landrieu’s Tea Party Challenger Rob Maness
ABQ mayor issues warning on ‘COPS’
ACA Grace Period Rule Could Put Physicians at Financial Risk (obamacare)
ACA Penalty: What You Need to Know(I thought it was a tax?)
ACA: Wrong Direction for America's Seniors
ACLU Bankrolling Gay Nuptials in ‘My Big Gay Illegal Wedding’ Contest
ACLU Sues U.S. Catholic Bishops Over Denial Of ‘Proper Health Care’
ACLU alleges comically unconstitutional religious harassment in rural Louisiana school
ACLU awaits reply from Hampshire College on "censorship" of Afrobeat band Shokazoba...
ACLU calls Sheriff to let Muslim inmates exercise their constitutional right to religious expression
ACLU lawsuit challenges Wisconsin same-sex marriage ban
ACLU suing over reported body cavity drug searches (NM - Another invasive search by gov't agents)
ACORN Wannabes May Get $4 Billion [JP Morgan fine]
ACORN’s Seeds Sprout Up Across the Country
ACTION ITEM! Nominate the next Archbishop! [Of St Paul]
ADHD does not exist [article says symptoms are real, but are caused by other things]
ADL Boycotts Jewish Newspaper Over Exposure of School Textbooks that Promote Muslim Brotherhood
ADL demands rightist MK apologize for hinting Kerry motivated by anti-Semitism
ADL raps Kerry, says talk of boycott invites anti-Israel backlash if peace talks fail
ADP Jobs Report Beats Expectations Of +170k With +215k Print (Treasury Rates Rise)
ADP employment report estimates 191,000 jobs added in March
ADP: 238,000 new private-sector jobs in December
AEROSMITH GUITARIST DEFENDS PHIL ROBERTSON, FREEDOM OF SPEECH
AF continues to airlift Rwandan units to Central African Republic
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT WORKSHOP IN MCALLEN[SOUTH TEXAS]
AFGE President: Paul Ryan’s Budget Is a Monster Out to Maul Federal Worker
AFP journo tweets fake story about Sarah Palin arriving in South Korea for Mandela memorial
AFSCME reports using thousands in taxpayer money to organize unions
AFT boss Randi Weingarten ripped for Ukraine trip
AFTAH stands with Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson against GLAAD's "homo-fascist" campaign to demonize
AFTER SO MUCH THIS IS GOOD TO SEE: UKRAINE SAILORS WITH SENSE OF HUMOR (video)
AG Coakley backs gay couple's lawsuit against church
AG Says Enforcing the Law Is “Optional”
AG Says US Still a “Nation of Cowards” on Race
AHC .. American Hero's Channel
AIDS Advocates Say Drug Coverage In Some Marketplace Plans Is Inadequate
AIDS Patients Flock to Obamacare
AIDS patients in Obamacare limbo as insurers reject checks
AIG boosts dividend, to cut workforce by 3%
AIPAC Reverses Course, Now Defending Debbie Wasserman Schultz
AIPAC and Iran’s war against America
AIPAC’s open revolt against White House: Report (Wasserman Schultz still silent)
AIR FORCE: CHRISTIANS' RELIGIOUS SPEECH NOT LEGALLY PROTECTED RIGHT
AIR SECURITY IN CANADA: Pipe bomb handed back to Canadian passenger by airport guard.
AIR WAR AT NEW PEAK POUNDS SOUTH REICH; ALLIES WIN THREE-QUARTERS OF CASSINO (3/17/44)
AJ McCarron: 'Really Demonic' Performances at Grammys Show 'There's a Lot of Evil in the World'
AJ and AJ: A Special Bond
AK and StG – Kissing Cousins
AK47 assault rifle designer Kalashnikov dies at 94
AL SHARPTON'S CHICAGO TOWN HALL ERUPTS INTO REVOLT AGAINST MACHINE POLITICS
AL SHARPTON: PUSHING OBAMACARE ON YOUR RELATIVES AT CHRISTMAS IS A 'REASON FOR THE SEASON'
AL: Customer Defends Self and Others from Threatened Mass Murder
AL: Gun Reform Bill Passes Senate 20-7
AL:Birmingham woman shoots ex-boyfriend hiding in her basement
AL:Needed - Photo of Alabama Rest Stop Sign Prohibiting Weapons
ALABAMA School Board dismisses all parental concerns about Islam-focused textbooks in public schools
ALBERT EDWARDS: The Next Shock Will Be Enough To Send The Economy Into Recession
ALEC State of the Union Response
ALL GUN CONTROL MEASURES FAILED IN THE 2014 NEW MEXICO LEGISLATIVE SESSION
ALLIED AIRMEN SINK 9 SHIPS OFF RABAUL; JAPANESE ARMY AND NAVY CHIEFS OUSTED (2/22/44)
ALLIED GUNS SHELL APPIAN WAY; FOE HITS BACK ON CASSINO FRONT (1/25/44)
ALLIED UNITS LAND BEHIND NAZIS IN ITALY, 16 MILES FROM ROME; LITTLE OPPOSITION (1/23/44)
ALLIES BOMB CALAIS AREA ALL DAY AFTER RECORD ATTACK ON BERLIN (1/22/44)
ALLIES CONTINUE DRIVE IN ITALY; BOMBERS HIT BULGARIAN CAPITAL (12/11/43)
ALLIES HOLD OFF FIERCE ATTACKS, TAKE NAZI PRISONERS BELOW ROME (2/5/44)
ALLIES MAKE NEW GAINS AT ARAWE, AND FELL 10 MORE ENEMY PLANES (12/19/43)
ALLIES POUND 6 NAZI AIR PLANTS IN 2-WAY DAY AND NIGHT ATTACKS (2/26/44)
ALLIES PUSH INLAND BELOW ROME, THREATEN TO TRAP 100,000 NAZIS (1/24/44)
ALLIES STAND OFF FOE NEAR ROME AS ATTACKS ON BEACHHEAD MOUNT (2/11/44)
ALLIES TIGHTEN TIES WITH TURKEY; RUSSIANS RETIRE AGAIN NEAR KIEV (12/8/43)
AMD Rolls Out "Warsaw" Opteron CPUs With 12 and 16 Cores
AMD's 'Revolution' will be televised ... if its CPU-GPU frankenchip Kaveri is a hit
AMERICAN HEROES CHANNEL LAUNCHES MARCH 3 (bye bye Military Channel)
AMERICAN TREASURE, Doris Day is 90!
AMERICANS BATTLE FOR CASSINO; PLANES SWARM OVER FOE’S LINES (2/10/44)
AMERICANS CAPTURE AIR BASE ON ENIWETOK; ALLIES CHECK ANZIO ATTACK, CLOSE ON CASSINO (2/20/44)
AMERICANS GAIN IN NEW BRITAIN (12/18/43)
AMERICANS LAND ON ENIWETOK, FLANKING TRUK; GREAT VICTORY SEEN IN BLOW AT PACIFIC BASE (2/19/44)
AMNESIA PLATFORM: Dems Hope Coloradans Forget the 2013 Disaster
AMNESTY: It cannot be about voter registration, if it is, the stupid party loses!
ANALYSIS: The Surprising Afterlife of Pope Benedict XVI
ANALYSIS: Ukraine crisis: Can a weakened NATO stand up to Putin?
ANDREW SULLIVAN: PHIL ROBERTSON SUSPENSION 'PREPOSTEROUS,' 'UNFAIR'
ANDY CUOMO, THE POT PUSHER
ANN COULTER: I'VE NEVER SEEN EVIDENCE GOP HATES BLACK PEOPLE UNTIL I READ RUBIO'S 'AMNESTY' BILL
ANN COULTER: The Anus Monologues
ANNOUNCEMENT: Tea Party Express Endorses Katrina Pierson U.S. Congress in Texas' 32nd District
ANOTHER 'TOUGH TO WATCH' BLACK-ON-WHITE BEATING
ANOTHER Horrific & Senseless Black-on-White Beating – Boy’s Nose Dangles From Face (Video)
ANOTHER Housing Crisis? This Time In Rental Markets (Real Problem Is Declining Real Income)
ANOTHER OPEN LETTER TO YOU OBUMBA
ANOTHER Obama Success Story – Flag of Al-Qaeda Flies Over Fallujah
ANOTHER REASON TO WATCH FOX NEWS
ANOTHER impossibly stupid Common Core worksheet sure to make your kid a moron
ANSWER to FIRST DAY of Christmas Past [Origins of Mormonism's 'Smithmas': Dec. 23, 1894]
ANTIGUNNERS TO HOLD PUBLIC MEETINGS ATTACKING CONCEALED CARRY
AOL Blames Obamacare for Plan to Reduce Retirement Benefits
AOL cuts benefits, blames Obamacare
AP Admits It: MSNBC's Leftist 'Loose Lips' Offer Plenty of Ammo to Critics
AP Claims Federal Charges for Transporting Rifle from Pennsylvania to Connecticut
AP Exclusive: Few Army women want combat jobs
AP Exclusive: Man said to create bitcoin denies it
AP Female Journalists Shot in Afghanistan, One Dead
AP Headline Falsely Claims 'U.S. Finally Regains The Jobs Lost in the Recession'
AP IMPACT: The world braces for retirement crisis
AP Ignores Why Vegas Culinary Workers Have Authorized Strike: Obamacare
AP Interview: Obama's brother writes about abuse
AP Interview: US troops may be sent to E Europe
AP NewsBreak: Ex-GOP Sen. John Warner endorses Dem (moderates helping democrats)
AP PHOTOS: Hindu festival draws Mormon crowds
AP Photographer Shot to death, Journalist Wounded by Afghan Commander
AP SOURCE: HHS SECRETARY KATHLEEN SEBELIUS RESIGNING AFTER ROCKY HEALTH CARE LAW ROLLOUT
AP SOURCES: HEALTH LAW SIGN-UPS ON TRACK TO HIT 7M
AP Severs Ties With Photographer Who Altered Work
AP Smears Trail Life Boys with Misleading 'Nazi' Photo
AP interview: Female party head doubts Egypt path
AP interview: Jihadi head says Gaza groups growing
AP poll shows ObamaCare support hits new low … of 26%
AP poll's top stories of 2013 [Top 10 News Items of the year]
AP poll: Disapproval of Obama hits 59 percent
AP poll: Obama health care overhaul top 2013 story
AP serves George Zimmerman with a cease-and-desist order....
AP survey: US income gap is holding back economy
AP's San Fran Pro-Life March Coverage Outshines Much Larger DC March
AP, Dallas News, WashPo, etc., Lie About Ted Cruz’ Abortion Statement
AP-GfK Poll: Another Worry About New Health Law
AP-GfK Poll: Low approval of Congress, Obama
AP-GfK poll: Health law seen as eroding coverage
AP: Insurers discovering they have no record of some ObamaCare enrollees
AP: LAX Shooting Occurred While Armed Officers Were On Break
AP: Military Personnel Make Enough Money to Survive Pension Cuts
AP: NJ City to Quiz Gun Vendors on Safety Issues
AP: Narrow ruling rejects Ohio gay marriage ban
AP: Three years after US-NATO intervention, Libya is a failed state
APCO announces coal-fired power plant closures (WV)
APNewsBreak: AGs to Obama: We need meeting on ACA
APNewsBreak: Insurers Extend Premium Deadline (ObamaCare Numbers Must Be Embarrassingly Low)
APNewsBreak: Iowa expands its ‘do not rehire’ list
APNewsBreak: Pope defrocked 400 priests in 2 years (Benedict XVI)
APNewsbreak: Rodman checks into rehab center
APOCALYPSE NOW: Why a rare astrological event TONIGHT could herald the 'End of Days
APPLE IS THE NEW MICROSOFT: Barclays Downgrades Apple, Says It's Doomed To Be Range-Bound
AR-15 Ammo Magazines Sent to Connecticut Governor, Legislators as 'Gift'
AR: Law Journal: Meaning of Carry Law Plain, Legislature Screwed up
AR: Pine Bluff Constitutional Carry Walk 15 February
AR:City Council Opposition to Constitutional Carry/Celebrate Act 746 Walk a Damp Squib
AR:Eureka Springs City Council (almost) Conspires against Open Carry March Scheduled, 29 March
AR:Eureka Springs Gunfight Showed Marksmanship of Armed Citizens
AR:Gun Law Questions Sidestepped
ARGENTINA BREAKS WITH THE AXIS; ALLIES PRESS ON SOUTH OF ROME (1/27/44)
ARIZONA GOVERNOR VETOES RELIGIOUS FREEDOM BILL
ARIZONA'S MARICOPA COUNTY REPUBLICANS CENSURE JOHN MCCAIN FOR ABANDONING VALUES (1150-351 Vote)
ARKANSAS: Pine Bluff Episcopalian priest says he is transgendered
ARMED GUARD SAVED STUDENTS' LIVES IN ARAPAHOE SCHOOL SHOOTING
ARMS WIDE OPEN (Rio's Cristo Redentor)
ARMY CUTS WILL TAKE IT BACK TO PRE-WORLD WAR II LEVELS
ARMY GROOMING REGULATIONS: 'RACIALLY BIASED'?
ARMY SEIZES RAILROADS ON PRESIDENT’S ORDER; MARINES GAIN IN NEW LANDINGS IN NEW BRITAIN (12/28/43)
ARRIVING IN GOMORRAH!
ART CASHIN: Central Banks Have Built Up 'A Very, Very Dangerous Situation'
ART LAFFER: I Was Wrong About Inflation And The Fed
AS CITY CYCLING GROWS, SO DOES BIKE TAX TEMPTATION
AS STATE OF THE UNION APPROACHES, AMERICANS ARE DEEPLY PESSIMISTIC ABOUT THE STATE OF THE UNION
ASIA/LAOS - Christians in a village are ordered to abandon their faith
ASK FATHER: Priest’s “Bug Out Bag” for TEOTWAWKI
ASK FATHER: Secret marriage to avoid… government.
ASU fraternity expelled over Martin Luther King Day party
ASU fraternity suspended after 'offensive' MLK party
ASU revokes fraternity chapter after racist party (MLK)
AT&T CEO Letter to the White House on the 2014 Business Round Table Growth Agenda (shortened)
AT&T says it doesn't have to disclose NSA dealings
ATF Agent Sends Shockwaves ... Explosive Allegations About ‘Fast and Furious’ ...
ATF Agent: FBI Played Key Role In Brian Terry's Death ( Fast & Furious Gun Running )
ATF Agents Lose Their Government Issued Guns, Kids Find Them
ATF Director: 'Wish I Had Better Answers' About ATF Agents Probing a Tea Party Conservative
ATF Meets Congress' Deadline for Fast & Furious Info-Some materials "highly redacted"
ATF agents lost track of dozens of their own guns, reports show
ATF breaks into Ares Armor in National City
ATF files opposition motion to TRO in Ares Armor case
ATF now promoting book it tried to kill
ATF raids '80% complete receiver' manufacturer, looking for 'illegal guns'
ATF reportedly used rogue tactics in a half-dozen cities
ATF rules SB15 can legally be shouldered
ATF tactics flawed in highly touted undercover Oregon operation aimed at guns, drugs
ATF uses rogue tactics in storefront stings across the nation
ATF whistleblower website decries disproportionate discrimination complaints
ATF’s New Devastating Appropriation Bill – Previous Industry Protections Appear to be Lost
ATK Completes First Flight Test of its Light Gunship for Kingdom of Jordan
ATM glitch gives homeless man $37,000
ATTENTION Musicians, Aspiring Musicians, etc. SONGSTERR
ATTENTION REPUBLICAN ESTABLISHMENT
ATTN FREEPERS: Glenn Beck on CNN TONIGHT at 6pmPST, 9pmEST!!! [Live Thread]
AUL Releases 2014 “Life List,” Ranking the 50 States
AWESOME: Dana Loesch Tears Harry Reid A New Series Of Tubes
AWFUL! Rev. Jeremiah Wright at MLK Breakfast: Tea Party Is “2.0 Upgrade of Lynch Mobs” (Video)
AZ Gov Jan Brewer to make statement at 5:45pm MST.
AZ Senators Flake and McCain Urge Gov. Brewer to Veto Religious Rights Bill
AZ: Second Online Poll Hammers Those in Favor of Citizen Disarmament
AZ:61-Year-Old Ex-Marine Fires at Suspect who Threatens Him and Security Guard
AZ:No Shooting Unless Zoned for it? Rancher Prevails Against Zoning Department
AZ:PCSO: Homeowner shot suspect in Apache Junction
AZ:Police ID man killed during home invasion
AZ:Strange Encounter with an Armed? Cyclist
AZ:Words Make a Difference in Description of Arizona Defensive Shooting
Aaron Hernandez's uncle had cocaine AND alcohol in his system when he crashed his scooter and died
Aaron Rodgers denies rumor regarding his sexuality
Abandoned 27 years ago, ‘Burger King Baby’ finds mother
Abandoned dog and six puppies healthy, happy and playful at Jackson County Animal Shelter
Abandoned: ...Pictures of parents leaving their children in China’s notorious 'baby hatches'
Abandoning Our Liberties And Livelihoods: Lessons From The Obamacare Debacle
Abbas In Russia To Sign Energy Deal Abbas meets Russian PM and president to sign $1 billion
Abbas Says Outrageous Things to Obama, No One Cares
Abbas Suggests NATO Presence in Palestinian State
Abbas aide lambasts US push for framework deal
Abbas defiant in speech of '3 noes'
Abbas dumps another US-led peace effort, Kerry gives up on shuttle, Pollard release recedes
Abbas says he won’t make concessions on Jerusalem
Abbas to Harper: There Will be No Israelis in 'Palestine'
Abbas to Obama: No ‘Peace’ Without 26 Freed Terrorists
Abbas vs Facts: Jews 'Weren't Attacked' In Kusra
Abbas ‘exploded with rage’ at Kerry over ‘insane’ framework proposals
Abbas: Israel Using Talks to Expand ‘Settlements’
Abbas: Kerry’s Efforts Have Failed…So Far
Abe lays out detailed plan for expanding defense powers (Japan)
Abilene, Texas: (Virtual) Gay Honeymoon Capital of the World!
Ability To Obtain Clean Drinking Water From Salt Water A Near Reality, Says UCLA Professor
Ability To Repay Rule - A Lesson In Removing Personal Responsibility
Aborted Babies 'Burned to Heat NHS Hospitals'
Aborted Babies Incinerated to Heat UK Hospitals
Aborted babies incinerated to heat UK hospitals
Abortion 'rider' offered by 7 Michigan insurers as controversial law takes effect
Abortion Activists Call Parents of Baby Who Lived Just 10 Hours “Selfish” for Not Aborting Her
Abortion Activists Call Saving “Brain Dead” Pregnant Woman’s Baby “Dehumanizing”
Abortion Barbie, Wendy Davis Bailed on her Kids
Abortion Clinic Found Storing Remains of Aborted Baby in Fridge With Medications
Abortion Clinics Put Women’s Lives at Risk Without Hospital Admitting Privileges
Abortion Defines the Political Parties, 41 Years After Roe V. Wade
Abortion Enthusiasts Wear Coat Hanger Necklaces
Abortion Fanatics Attack Midnight Mass in Spain
Abortion Foes Would Let Women Sue Clinics Over Regulation
Abortion Rate Continues to Decline
Abortion and the Suicide of the West
Abortion can make you sexually abuse children, says crisis pregnancy center (in London UK)
Abortion interrupted
Abortion lovers create wall of censorship around pro-life display
Abortion must end
Abortion restrictions pass 85-6 out of Louisiana House
Abortion rights advocates will not launch ballot drive to repeal controversial new insurance law
Abortion worker remembers finding half-dozen rotting babies in the garbage
Abortion zealot: Babies are ‘time-sucking monsters,’
Abortion/Planned Parenthood and the Dems
Abortion: A Biological Perspective
Abortion: America’s only thriving industry thanks to the Obama Regime
Abortionist Accused of Raping His Patients, Dumping Aborted Babies Bodies Under Investigation
Abortionist Who Almost Killed Woman in Abortion Surrenders License, Closes Clinic
Abortionist arrested by Interpol, extradited to US for illegal late-term abortions
Abortionist tied to Eric Holder gets four years in prison for $386,000 Medicaid fraud
Abortionist who kept bodies of 35 babies at clinic also lied about having insurance: prosecutors
Abortionist who violated law designed to catch molesters asked to appear before state license board
Abortionist-Population Controller Dies Who Wanted to Sterilize Everyone She Could
Abortionist: I Would Never Say No to Aborting a Disabled Baby After 27 Weeks
Abortions Are Environmentally Friendly
Abortions outnumber live births among NYC's black community
About 100 concealed carry permits denied based on objections
About 350 Snakes Found in Santa Ana (CA) Home
About 40 whales trapped in Florida's Everglades National Park (+video)
About Rightly Dividing the Word of Truth
About Those 2.9 Million Jobs Lost In January 2014...
About Those Income Inequality Statistics. An answer to Paul Krugman.
About Those Polls and the U.S. Senate Race ... (Tennessee)
About that Washington Post/ABC News poll on same-sex “marriage”
About that consensus on global warming: 9136 agree, 1 disagrees.
About that minimum-wage EO…
About your "right" to my service...
Absent Actual MO Sightings, the Paparazzi Create Their Own Fan Fiction @ Sundance 2014
Absolutely Oblivious to What is at Hand!
Absolutely Picture Perfect Weather In Florida.So Where Are The Global Warming Activists?
Abundance not Scarcity
Abundant 2013 corn harvest boosts ethanol production
Abuse Royal Commission: Paedophile priest allowed to keep teaching job despite complaints
Abuse claims at four WA Christian Brothers’ school to be investigated by Royal Commission
Abuse inquiry could face legal challenges (Ireland)
Abuse survivor says new Vatican commission must achieve real change
Abuse victims shocked by Pell's Vatican post
Abusing Both Medicare and Politics
Abysmal January Jobs Report; the non-recovering recovery drags on
Abyss of Area Studies
Academic Freedom Is Slavery
Academic Malpractice and "Gun Violence"
Academic Selfies
Academics Citing “Experts”/Selves
Academics behind Knowledge Curve
Academy Disqualifies Oscar-Nominated Song 'Alone Yet Not Alone'
Academy Rescinds Low-Budget, Faith-Based Film’s Oscar Nomination
Academy drops ‘territories’ in Palestine reference
Academy removes original song nomination VANITY
Access to Health Care May Increase ER Visits, Study Suggests
Accidental "I Love You" derailed SEALS career
Acclaimed Turkish photoreporter dies after lightning hits his bike
Accomplished liar Kathleen Sebelius breaks pledge to Issa Committee, changes ObamaCare rules
According to Scripture (Sola Scriptura)
AccuWeather Announces the Launch of the AccuWeather Channel in Q3 2014
Accuplacer
Accused Movie Theater Shooter Said He Was 'In Fear of Being Attacked'
Accused ‘Blow Torch Rapist’ Held Without Bond In Attack On Detroit Woman
Aceh [Indonesia] Fully Enforces Sharia [on Muslims and non Muslims]
Achieve Olympic Glory - Now Pay the IRS
Achieved My Illinois CCW Firearms Certification Today
Acid-bath stem cell results called into question
Acknowledging Today’s Nazis could lead to U.S. alliance with Russia
Act 10 delivers a heavy blow to once-powerful player AFSCME (Wisconsin)
Acting ICE Director Sandweg resigns after five months on the job
Acting Like a Founder
Active State Forces [list of State Guards/State Defense Forces]
Activist Immigrant Who Took Refuge In Chicago Church Returns To U.S.
Activist Vows Eastside Catholic Gay Marriage Protests Will Ultimately Change Church
Activists Fight to Save Historical Site from Arab Vandals (Khan Lubin, Israel)
Activists at U-M trying to force engineering students to study race and ethnicity
Activists protesting deportations arrested outside the White House
Activists to Kerry: Keystone a 'bigger mistake' than Vietnam
Activists urge Obama to go rogue, sidestep Congress
Activists, Families Call For New Laws To Combat Gun Violence
Actor Adam Baldwin: If we accept same-sex ‘marriage’, why not let fathers marry sons for tax breaks?
Actor Christopher Evan Welch dies at 48
Actor Delivers Impassioned Oscar Acceptance Speech About God and Gratitude
Actor Joseph C. Phillips Takes CNN Anchor to School on 'Racist' Republicans
Actor Matthew McConaughey Thanks God First For Oscar Win
Actor Steven Seagal Calls For Obama’s Impeachment
Actor Steven Seagal Defends Sheriff Joe, Slams Obama on ‘Open Borders’ (Video)
Actor Steven Seagal Says He Is Up For Arizona Governor Campaign
Actor spared death after avoiding ambush hit with coke dealers
Actress Eleanor Parker dies at 91
Actress Maria Conchita Alonso loses acting job for supporting tea party
Actress Out Of San Francisco Production After Endorsing Tea Party Candidate
Actress Patricia Heaton Dares To Tweet Sad Truth About Abortion
Actress Rossana Podestà dies
Actress Scarlett Johansson Quits Oxfam to Support Israel
Actress Shirley Temple Dies At 85
Actress Stacey Dash notices an odd omission in State of the Union speech
Actress Under Fire for Praising 'Valuable' Role of Women as Nurturers at Home
Actual Politicians Respond to 'Duck Dynasty' Star's Comments About Genitals
Actually, Eric Holder, Other AGs Have Faced 'That Kind of Treatment'
Actually, Your Cat Thinks You Are a Giant Cat
Ad Targeting House Dems: 'Obamacare Doesn't Work'
Ad: 'Keep Your Doctor, Change Your Senator'
Ad: Obamacare 'Jeopardized My Health' [cancer patient explains what Obamacare did to her]
Adam Lanza's Computer Contained Files on Mass Shootings, Pedophilia Advocacy
Adam Weinstein: Arrest Climate Change Deniers
Add Minnesota to the list of “#obamacare exchanges about to wreck YOUR insurance coverage.”
Add This Fighter-Bomber to the List of New Chinese Warplanes (SU-30MK Knockoff)
Adding comfortable seats and box lunches won’t change the Obamacare train’s final destination
Address Before a Joint Session of Congress on the State of the Union January 25,1988
Address by EP Bartholomew to assembled Patriarchs
Address by Prime Minister of Ukraine Arsenii Yatseniuk to residents of southern and eastern regions
Address to Owners of Weapons (Ukraine)
Adelante Mujeres raises money for Cinthya Garcia-Cisneros, convicted in Forest Grove fatal crash
Adice Needed For Windows XP Upgrade
Adjustments of Speed and Path when Avoiding Collisions with Another Pedestrian
Administration Concedes: Obamacare Is Prohibitively Expensive
Administration Fears Part Of Health Care System So Flawed It Could Bankrupt Insurance Companies
Administration Finalizes Obamacare Tax Over Holiday Weekend
Administration Insists that Increase in Minimum Wage Will Increase Employment
Administration Signing up Mexicans for Obamacare
Administration adds hardship exemption to ObamaCare's individual mandate
Administration alters more Obamacare deadlines
Administration announces Obamacare subsidies for some people who didn’t sign up for Obamacare
Administration announces new ObamaCare exemption (Desperation)
Administration eases restrictions on asylum seekers with loose terror ties
Administration ends ban on asylum seekers with 'limited' terror ties
Administration expands health law exemptions
Administration expands health law exemptions (Pelosi knew)
Administration fears part of health care system so flawed it could bankrupt insurance companies
Administration to cancel Hellfire and Tomahawk missile programs
Administration to high court: Don't exempt Catholic groups from contraception mandate
Administration vows to uncover source that leaked the news that Obama is black
Administration's Clueless Afghanistan Experts Testify
Administration: We Can Force You to Cooperate in Killing Your Grandchild
Administrators reverse ban on American celebration at high school
Admiral Mullen's Parapraxis
Admiral Warns U.S. Losing Pacific Dominance To China
Adobe Adds 3D Printing to Photoshop
Adobe Releases Photoshop CS2 Free
Adolf Hitler Part 4 part declassified documents
Adopting an old dog
Adorable moment that toddler is ‘pulled over’ by police in her toy convertible ....
Adrift
Ads urge LGBTs to sign up for health insurance
Adult Stem Cell Breakthrough Will Transform Medicine, Doctor Predicts
Adult entertainer found guilty of manslaughter for helping woman get 'deadly' butt injections
Adultery site big in Japan where marriage reigns (“Ashley Madison”)
Advanced Smugfest at DeBlasio Swearing in
Advent Wreath & Candles
Adversity
Advertising in the Age of Obama
Advice Needed,Confronting Bill Ayers
Advice for an enlisted kid buying a first car
Advice for the Young on ObamaCare
Advice from the Lord in overcoming anxiety. A sermon for the 8th Sunday of the Year
Advice new dog causes allergy reaction to toddler
Advice on adware/malware remover programs
Advice to the GOP: Narrow it Down and Draw Some Emotion
Advise me: A Christian who does good deeds thinks they can sin because of their good works?
Advise on TV purchase (Vanity)
Advocacy group behind White House Obamacare event funded by Blue Shield firm set to profit
Advocates of More Education Spending Ignoring Billions in Other Funds
Advocates push to give undocumented New York immigrants driver's
Adware vendors buy Chrome Extensions to send ad- and malware-filled updates
Aerosmith’s Joe Perry Tweets ‘Freedom of Speech’ Defense of Duck Dynasty
Aetna CEO: We May Just Have to Pull Out of Obamacare
Aetna could be forced out of Obamacare: CEO (cause it's not attracting the uninsured)
Affidavit: Teacher had sexual encounter with student at a Waffle House
Affidavit: Women were waterboarded, beaten in home (TX)
Affirmative Action Polling
Affirmative action proposal for California universities runs into Asian-American opposition
Affluenza Teen Ethan Couch Sentenced to Undetermined Amount of Rehab
Affordable Care Act -- Paying More to Work Less
Affordable Care Act or War on Conscience?
Affordable Care Act seeks elusive target: The uninsured
Affordable Options other than ObamaCare
Affordable housing targets gay seniors
Afghan Girl Believed to Be 10 Was Detained With Suicide Vest
Afghan army hands over check posts to Taliban in Helmand
Afghan president again demands US airstrikes end
Afghan president lashes out at US 'threats'
Afghan president says U.S. should start talks with Taliban or leave
Afghan risks US fury over 'Taliban' prisoner releases
Afghan soldiers desperate for pact with U.S., criticize President Karzai for delay
Afghanistan Gains Will Be Lost Quickly After Drawdown, U.S. Intelligence Estimate Warns
Afghanistan Ranks #1 ... in Pedophilia
Afghanistan agrees to pact with Iran, while resisting US accord
Afghanistan aircraft crash kills six US soldiers - Isaf
Afghanistan cracks down on commercials that favour U.S. troops
Afghanistan hints at spy link to Kabul attac
Afghanistan to free 88 prisoners despite US objection
Afghanistan's Future: Who's who in pivotal presidential election
Afghanistan's powerful Vice President Fahim dies
Afghanistan-US deal 'hinges on Taliban peace talks'
Afghanistan: Talking Points US Troops
Afghanistan’s Karzai Splits with US, Sides with Russia
African Economic Outlook: South Africa
African Infiltrators Stage March in Tel Aviv
African Tigerfish Jump Into The Air To Catch Birds Mid-Flight [VIDEO]
African Union Welcomes Phase Two of South Sudan Peace Process
African Voices in Catholic Divorce Debate Boost Conservative Side
African voices in Catholic divorce debate boost conservative side
African-Americans squeezed out of the housing market
Afrikaners voice conflicting emotions on Mandela death
After 100 Years Of Failure, It's Time To End The Fed!
After 19-Month Wait, Portland Gets the Verdict – Boston's Deeley to Helm Maine Church
After 23 years, a Republican takes over as mayor in struggling Atlantic City
After 3 Years, 2 Months & 10 Days – Tea Party Patriots Granted Tax Exempt Status By Phone Call on
After 3 months , blast effected traders still wait for compensation in peshawar
After 50 Years, There’s a TLM in San Fran
After 50 years, ADL head Abe Foxman to retire next year
After 70 YEARS, it finally HAPPENED!!!
After A Night Of Arrests, Officials Have A Warning For Hockey Fans
After America Rejects Your Presidential Campaign, It Gives You a TV Show
After Annexing Crimea, Russian Troops Are Piling Up By The East Ukraine Border
After Attacks, Administration Offers to Help Russia Counter 'Folks Who Want to Cause Mischief'
After Boehner, Cantor and McCarthy Are Not Options
After Boehner, not Cantor (Joseph Farah warns GOP against replacing 1 Obama enabler with another)
After CNN Cancels Morgan, Larry King Says: I Could Come Back
After Cancellation of Reality Show, Meghan McCain to Host News Talk Show
After Chris Christie, Scott Walker is the next target of the MSM knockout game
After Chris Christie’s Performance
After Comparing Christie to Nixon for Nine Days, Chris Matthews
After Crimea, east and south Ukraine ask if they are next for Russia
After Decades in Prison Over Murders, DNA Evidence Frees 2 New York Men
After Denouncing Putin in Classroom, Obama Heads to Fundraisers
After Extravagant State Dinner, Obama to Speak on Horrors of Income Inequality
After Five Years,Liberal Commentators Still Use The Same Excuse."Well,When Bush Was President".
After Fort Hood: Should soldiers be allowed to bear arms on base?
After G.O.P. Leaders Step In, Senate Votes to Raise Debt Ceiling
After Israeli passengers rebuffed, Norwegian Cruise Line cancels Tunisia calls
After Mandela’s death, ANC faces growing risk of losing power in South Africa
After Months of Promoting Obamacare, Obama Admin Quietly Announces
After Obamacare, ObamaCar Insurance?
After Pressure, World Vision Reverses Policy on Hiring Gays
After Sandy, feds mull plan for artificial islands off New jersey, New York
After Senate Dems go nuclear, GOP fights back with conventional weapons
After Signing With Nets, Jason Collins Becomes First Openly Gay N.B.A. Player
After Snowden, we're self-censoring and we don't care
After Snubbing Thatcher Funeral, Obama and Michelle to Visit South Africa for Mandela
After Soda Stream Factory Visit, Church Leaders Reject Boycotts (Presbyterians)
After Ukraine, We Need an American Spring
After Year of Stonewalling, Issa Subpoena's ATF Over Sketchy and Reckless Storefront Tactics
After YouTube Video, 2nd Accuser Files Legal Claim Over Alleged Sex Abuse
After a Democrat Praises Cuba, Marco Rubio Blasts Communism Like No U.S. Politician Since Reagan
After a Month of Trying, I Still Can't Sign Up for Obamacare
After a schism, a question: Can atheist churches last?
After action of my Texas County Convention 3/22/14. If your primary is ahead, please read
After anti-gay flap, Chick-fil-A wings in new direction [backing away from social issues]
After attending pro-cockfighting rally, Senate candidate Matt Bevin says it's a state issue
After audit reveals corruption, Florida town's days could be numbered
After barrage of Rob Ford mockery, Jimmy Kimmel urges Toronto mayor to quit drinking
After denial, White House now says Obama lived with uncle
After digging 4 feet, (Big) Bertha stopped again, now with a fever [Single Core Tunnel Excavator]
After explaining at length why he’s running again, Waxman abruptly announces retirement
After marathon House debate, school-bullying bill goes to Dayton
After missing talk-a-thon, (exempt NC RAT Kay) Hagan speaks out on climate change
After protests, Brandeis withdraws honor for Islam critic
After seeing “Lone Survivor” this is the video to watch
After the Collapse: Six Likely Events (shortened)
After the Collapse: Six Likely Events That Will Follow an Economic Crash
After the Fact: Civitas Media Denies Plan to Create Database of Concealed Carry Permit Holders
After three years on the blacklist, China lifts gag on Lady Gaga
After unemployment benefit cuts, N.C. job boom continued into December
After-birth abortion: why should the baby live? [2012 peer reviewed article]
Afterburner with Bill Whittle: Boiling Frogs
Ag Still Not Michigan's 2nd Largest Industry
Again With the Lines: Putin’s Appetite Comes With the Eating
Again: Harry Reid Blasts ‘Shadow Billionaires’ Spending to ‘Rig Our Political System’
Against Heterosexuality
Age of Ignorance (projectile vomit alert)
Ageism In Silicon Valley Is So Bad People In Their 20s Are Getting Cosmetic Surgery
Agencies say more Rhode Islanders are seeking heating assistance as temperatures drop
Agency Capture Benefits Wall Street?
Agency MBS Index Earned -0.55% Over Past Year As Fed Purchases $40 Billion Per Month
Agency for flooding that puts greater water parsnips and voles before local people (UK)
Agenda 21 Takeover in Klamath Basin ( Oregon )
Aggressive Bull Charging Cars On Highway 12 Area Near Rio Vista
Aging America heading for disaster
Aging Studies @ MLA
Agitate to collectivize the NFL!
Agony of the wife whose husband gave her his wedding ring and watch before boarding flight MH370...
Agreement rules at Democratic gubernatorial candidates' forum
Agreement with the Palestinians has nothing to do with the real threats
Ahmadinejad Challenges Rouhani to Public Debate
Ai Weiwei vase worth $1m broken in local artist protest
Aid from Freepers request - ?Microsoft Account? -
Aide: Political Logic of Angering GOP Base Over Immigration So Close to Midterm Election "Baffling"
Ailes to Palin Death Wishers: Piss Off!
Air Conditioning, Cable TV, and an Xbox: What is Poverty in the United States Today?
Air Force Academy Sanctions 'Ask an Atheist' Days
Air Force Academy Valentine Spirit Video
Air Force Academy removes Bible verse from cadet's whiteboard
Air Force Cadets Angry Over What Happened W/ Bible Verses Staged a ‘Revolt' (Mikey Weinstein)
Air Force Decides Bible Too Controversial To Memorialize MIAs, POWs
Air Force Swears: Our Nuke Launch Code Was Never '00000000'
Air Force Warns: We Could Run Out of Pilots
Air Force apologizes to family after armed traffic stop (Wright-Patterson AFB, Ohio)
Air Force brass: Culture of fear led to cheating
Air Force charges staff sergeant in AFN sailor's death in Kaiserslautern
Air Force first lieutenant also a Seattle ‘Sea Gal’
Air Force general to retire after criticism for handling of sexual-assault case
Air Force releases cause of B-1 bomber crash in Montana
Air Force removes Bible from POW-MIA display
Air Force sacks two commanders in Europe
Air Force will take ‘appropriate action’ over viral POW/MIA emblem photo
Air Force, 34 nuclear missile officers implicated in cheating scandal
Air Force: 92 implicated in nuke cheating scandal
Air Force: Airmen must improve command climate [performance reports changing]
Air Marshal director stepping down amid agency gun scheme probe
Air force chief: Malaysia jet may have turned back
Air pollution in Paris gets so bad car driving is BANNED on alternate days
Air pollution linked to 7 million deaths worldwide
Airbus joins foreign investors warning against Britain quitting EU
Airlift gives 400-plus shelter dogs a second chance
Airline Probing Report 2 Visited Cockpit (MH370)
Airline sorry for 'H8GAYS' confirmation code
Airplane pilots hit by ‘nearly blinding’ glare from massive Calif. solar facility
Airport Security Confiscates Toy Story Doll’s Gun [their stupidity goes to infinity and beyond]
Akademic Shokalskiy makes it back to port, #spiritofmawson ship of fools still stuck in Antarctica
Aksyonov’s candidacy to be offered to Putin for Acting Head of Russia's Crimea
Al Clemens Resigns From the [PSU] BoT, Says He Regrets Past Board Decisions
Al Franken Issues Dire Warning Over Palin Endorsement Of GOP Rival?
Al From recounts rebuilding of Democratic Party
Al Goldstein, Who Made Porn Dirtier, Dies at 77
Al Gore Contemplates the Inconceivable. ... Mark Steyn
Al Gore Has A Fever: and a Hangover!
Al Gore brings climate change message to Kansas City
Al Gore once again suggests ‘fertility management’ to fight global warming
Al Gore speaks on drastic climate change at SA talk
Al Gore’s S.S. Burning Planet Expedition Hits Snag…
Al Jazeera America’s ratings struggle leads to layoffs
Al Mohler Responds: The Evangelical Unease Over Contraception
Al Qaeda Ad of SFO Tram: "Assemble Your Bomb"
Al Qaeda Flag Flies over City Where Marines Fought Largest Battle of Iraq War
Al Qaeda Growing Rich Off Ransom Payments
Al Qaeda controls more territory than ever in Middle East
Al Qaeda hijacks spirit of Syria revolt three years on
Al Qaeda in Syria kills rival rebel leader
Al Qaeda seizes partial control of 2 cities in western Iraq
Al Qaeda suicide team kills Iraqi general, 17 officers
Al Qaeda thrives amid power vacuum in Middle East
Al Qaeda's chief representative in Syria reportedly killed
Al Qaeda-linked terrorist captured in Libya; Obama administration denies involvement in capture
Al Qaeda: Bigger, Stronger & More Dangerous Than Ever
Al Roker blasts De Blasio for keeping schools open - comes under fire for putting kids in danger
Al Roker blasts Mayor de Blasio on Twitter for not canceling school (NYC)
Al Roker on going to first lady’s 50th: ‘Literally a house party' at the White House
Al Sharpton - in Lab Coat, Behind Bubbling Test Tubes - On Right-Wing Meltdown Over Global Warming
Al Sharpton Demonstrates He's Clueless About Global Warming
Al Sharpton Gets Testy With Lesley Stahl When Asked About FBI Role In 2011
Al Sharpton Has No Idea What Anyone's Talking About
Al Sharpton brings up race 314 times in 2013
Al Sharpton says report of FBI cooperation not new
Al Sharpton shows off his French at White House dinner
Al Sharpton to NBC: ‘Betrayal of History’ to ‘Sugarcoat’ U.S.’s Opposition to Mandela
Al Sharpton to march on Tallahassee against “Stand Your Ground”
Al Sharpton's Chicago Town Hall Erupts into Revolt Against Machine Politics
Al Sharpton, Democrats, honor woman convicted of voter fraud
Al Sharpton: "I Was Not and Am Not a Rat, Because I Wasn’t With the Rats. I’m a Cat"
Al Sharpton: What “Community Organizing” Really Involves
Al Sharpton’s Chicago town hall on gun violence erupts into revolt against machine politics
Al Sharpton’s New Book Sells Over a Dozen Copies in Less Than a Month
Al-Jazeera journalists go on trial in Egypt [Aiding Terrorists]
Al-Jazeera: Why can't Arab armies be more humane like Israel's?
Al-Qaeda Calls for Car Bomb Attacks on American Cities, Targets Abroad
Al-Qaeda Group: We Bombed Hezbollah
Al-Qaeda Is On the Run… And Looking to Annex One-Third of Iraq
Al-Qaeda Magazine: Strike NY, DC with Car Bombs
Al-Qaeda Unveils New Magazine Aimed at Western Jihadis
Al-Qaeda-Linked Force Captures Fallujah Amid Rise In Violence In Iraq [Liberated Fallujah Falls!!]
Al-Qaeda: Death to Shi'ites for 'Damaging Mohammed's Legacy'
Al-Qaeda: Defender of Christians?
Al-Qaida Chief: Syria Rebels Must End Infighting
Al-Qaida sweep in Iraq cities revives battleground (Fallujah and Ramadi)
Ala. Vet Tried to Hire KKK Hit Man to Kill Black Neighbor
Ala. judge again rules that man convicted in series of rapes doesn't have to serve prison time
Alabama Chief Justice, Roy Moore Sends Letter to 50 Governors Pushing for Gay Marriage Ban
Alabama Chinese restaurant owner shoots at customer who complained of a bug in her eggroll: police
Alabama Dem Shocks Radio Audience With His Support for a Man Marrying a ‘Little Mule’
Alabama House Passes Nation's Toughest Abortion Bill
Alabama Lawmaker to Honor Duck Dynasty’s Robertson with Resolution of Support
Alabama Mom's ObamaCare Horror Story Gives America a Glimpse of Government-Run Healthcare
Alabama Police Chief Under Fire from Atheist Activist Group for Using Prayer Walks to Fight Crime
Alabama Residents Outraged Over Drag Queen Dance Group’s Routine During Christmas Parade
Alabama Supreme Court upholds decision to toss 'birther' lawsuit, Chief Justice Roy Moore dissents
Alabama congressional candidate shoots up Obamacare bill in new ad
Alabama high school student takes selfie with cadaver and posts it to Instagram
Alabama lawmakers opt to extend abortion wait period to 48 hours
Alabama neurosurgeon walks 6 miles in snow storm to perform brain surgery.
Alabama passes new pro-life bills
Alabama pastor arrested in Nashville for wife's murder
Alabama, LSU top Rivals' Top 25 team rankings
Alain Resnais, whose complex, intellectual films include ‘Hiroshima, Mon Amour, ’ dies at 91
Alan Colmes: Imprisonment or a Fine Appropriate for Christian Small Business Owner...
Alan Dershowitz offers to help #FreeJustina, says law is CLEAR and on the side of the parents
Alan Grayson says US ‘should be pleased’ Russia annexed Crimea
Alan Grayson's Wife Accuses Him Of Trying To Kill Her, Admits Long-Term Abuse
Alan Simpson, Western State Republicans Press Case for Gay Marriage (Brokeback RINOs Unite)
Alarm in Ukraine as Putin Puts Russian Troops on Alert
Alarming News From Restaurants Pushing Unhealthy Meals to Public Housing
Alarming Spate of Suicides, Mysterious Deaths Among Bankers Worldwide Prompt Speculation
Alarming trend: Attorneys general refuse to defend laws
Alaska Signs Deal To Free Up Natural Gas For Export
Alaska back to Russia (BARF!)
Alaska educator's book teaches 'how not to die while hunting'
Alaska group advances call for convention of states
Alaska petition seeking secession back to Russia gets 10,000 signatures in three days
Alaska primed to become third state to legalize retail marijuana
Alaska sets new wind chill record of -97 degrees
Albany Park resident fights deportation to stay with wife, infant son
Albert Brooks' Tweet Sums Up Everything Wrong With Obama's Russian Invasion Press Conference
Albert Lea Wrestler's Selfless Act Gives Opponent First Win (MN)
Alberta man gets six months for failed stab-proof vest test
Album Review: The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
Albuquerque Car Dealer To Pay $2 Million Settlement Over Alleged Sexual Harassment Of Men
Albuquerque: “Late-term abortion capital of the country”
Alcohol vs. Marijuana (Part 1)
Alcohol, Marijuana and the Youth of America (Part 2)
Aldi plans multi-billion US expansion
Aldi takes 'Australia Est 1788' T-shirts off shelves after racism complaints
Alec Baldwin Calls Rachel Maddow “Phony”, Blames Her for Firing
Alec Baldwin Furious At Woody Allen Haters, Sends Angry Tweets In Response To Dylan Farrow Letter
Alec Baldwin Quits Media, Blames Breitbart
Alec Baldwin Still Toying With Vaguely Anti-Gay Insults
Alec Baldwin, Drama Queen
Alec Baldwin: Good-bye, Public Life
Alec Eugene Taylor arrested for beating, choking puppy to death
Alex Rodriguez Withdraws Lawsuits Against MLB, Bud Selig, Union
Alex Rodriguez suspended for 162 games
Alex Sink's Concession Speech ["The bars are open..."]
Alexander Hamilton on impeachment
Alexander re-election campaign unfazed by poll slip
Alexander: Chief of Staff under investigation for child porn
Alexandra Bastedo: The Champions actress dies aged 67
Alexis de Tocqueville and the Walking Dead (Jack Cashill)
Alfred Hitchcock - Alfred Hitchcock's Lost Holocaust Documentary To Air
Algae to crude oil: Million-year natural process takes minutes in the lab
Algemeiner Video: Victim Speaks Following Horrific Anti-Semitic Attack in Paris
Algeria Plane Crash Kills More Than 100 Amid Stormy Weather
Algorithm Makes Faces More Memorable
Alianza PAIS sees feasible reform for reelection (Ecuador, Not USA)
Alice Herz-Sommer, Who Found Peace in Chopin Amid Holocaust, Dies at 110
Alice in Arabia and the Foul Idiocy of Censorship: ABC cancels show about Women in Saudi Arabia
Alien planet 11 times bigger than Jupiter found in bizarre, massive orbit
Alison Davis, Activist with Spina Bifida, Former Atheist: "No Less Human"
Alison Lundergan Grimes doesn't want Obama's help on the campaign trail (impeached *Perjurer ok)
Alison Lundergan Grimes holds a slim 4-point advantage over Mitch McConnell in Kentucky
All 52 passengers rescued from ship trapped in Antarctic ice [Were studying Climate Change Effects]
All About Heresy
All American Credit Cards Will Disappear In 2015 And Be Replaced With This New Tech
All Apollo Mission Images available online for the first time
All God's Creatures Got a Place in the Choir
All I Want for Christmas Is My Freedom Back
All I Want for Christmas is U... (Remy's Holiday Ode to a Sound Monetary Policy)
All Norwegians become crown millionaires, in oil saving landmark
All Politics are National
All Russian Diplomats Charged in US ($1.5 mil Medicaid) Fraud Case Have Returned Home
All Sex All the Time: A campaign to prevent unplanned pregnancy actually encourages casual sex.
All That Remains of the Individual Mandate: 20 Minutes of Paperwork
All Things to All Men
All You Need Is God's Love!
All You Need is Love
All currencies are an inverse pyramid based on the dollar
All in the eyes: corneal reflections in photos can help solve crimes
All new cars required to have rear-view cameras by 2018
All of the ingredients that make up Hillary Clinton, in one venn diagram...
All the President’s On-the-Job Training
All the President’s Women
All the Wrong Moves in Crimea
All too soon, ObamaCare will give us 'Standing'
All ‘gun control’ legislation defeated in the 2014 New Mexico Legislative Session
All-Alaska Gas Pipeline Will Spike America's Energy Boom
All-Cash Home Sales Hit Record 42% of Sales
All-Girl Campus Terrorized by Shambling Humanoid
All-Ukrainian Jewish Congress: Antisemitism Not on the Rise
All-male dance group stirs controversy in Semmes Christmas parade
All-night climate session set for Senate
Allah Gave Israel to The Jews, There's No Palestine
Allahu Akbar and Ho Ho Ho
Allegations of Fixing in Olympics Ice Dancing (Really???)
Allegations of Russia are somewhat correct, but what if the games were in the U.S.(Polish)
Alleged Molester Faces Life in Prison Santa Barbara Independent
Alleged burglar apprehended at gunpoint by neighbor
Alleged drunken driver from tree: I’m an owl
Alleged intruder shot in face during home invasion
Alleged mastermind behind 9/11 attacks says he has renounced violence
Alleged pact between U.S. and Russian judges would shut Canada out of figure skating gold
Alleged swinger cop resigns after shooting arrest
Allen West Blog:More Troubling Revelations About Benghazi: CIA Never Conducted Investigation
Allen West Not Ruling Out 2016 Presidential Run
Allen West On Obama” He “Abjectly Despises” Whites...
Allen West Will 'Definitely' Run For Office Again In 2016
Allen West on Gov't Waste and Tea Party Disrespect (TEA Party Intelligence study)
Allen West speaks out on Democrat’s strategic mistake in targeting him
Allen West | His View of the State of the Union
Allen West: Don't Compare Arizona Religious Freedom Bill Protests to Civil Rights Movement
Allen West: I’m Waiting for Obama to Apply “Income Equality” to Jay Z and Beyonce
Allen West: Obama 'abjectly despises' whites
Allen West: Why I stand as a Guardian of the Republic
Alliance sees more lack of diversity on bench--Wants broader backgrounds
Ally Bank To Pay $98 Million For Charging Higher Interest To Non-White Borrowers
All’s Farrah In Love
Almost Everything You Have Been Told About The Minimum Wage Is False
Almost One in Four 26-Year-Olds Still Live with Parents
Almost five million Australians says they have no religious beliefs
Aloha Deniers! Obamacare Costs Hawaii $27,906 Per Enrollee So Far
Along North Dakota border, Minnesota businesses worry about minimum-wage increase
Alpine Coaster with no brakes
Altamira cave paintings to be opened to the public once again
Alter Egos
Alternate to FireFox ~ Startpage
Alternative Christmas Trees~
Alumni, Parents Fight to Get Gay Administrator's Catholic School Job Back
Alzheimer's study: Vitamin E may slow decline in mild, moderate dementia
Am I Permanently Barred from Ordination to the Priesthood?
Am I the only person who noticed this word has disappear from media narrative?
Amanda Carpenter Is Ted Cruz’s Twitter Torrent
Amanda Knox Found Guilty of Murder By Italian Court
Amanda Knox has 'heart in her mouth' as pair await murder verdict
Amanda Knox: I will become a 'fugitive' if re-convicted for murder
Amanda Seyfried accidentally sneaks Swiss Army knife on plane, alerts TSA
Amane Gobena, Gebo Burka Win LA Marathon [ American Lauren Kleppin was third in women's race]
Amash-backed bill aimed to end NSA spying programs garners even bipartisan support
Amateur Treasure Hunter Finds Roman Gold Hoard
Amateur hash-oil production, explosions bound to continue [WA]
Amazing German Designed Cat Climbing Furniture
Amazing Graphic Shows Chicago’s Middle Class Disappear Before Your Eyes
Amazing Photos Show True Scale of Queen Mary 2 Ocean Liner
Amazing Story! Love Conquers Liberalism
Amazing Video of Deployed Father Reading Rush Revere to His Sons from Overseas
Amazing final days of a Jackson attorney who found peace
Amazing pictures show hulking wreck of the Costa Concordia rusting away in the Mediterranean Sea
Amazing: Landrieu Completely Throws Obama Under the Bus in First TV Ad
Amazing: Ten Thousand Carolers Show Up at Girl's House to Fulfill Her Dying Wish
Amazingly, Biden’s Niece Avoids Prison for Hitting Cop
Amazon Merchants Say SKU Limits Will Decimate Their Bottom Lines
Amazon Pulls Access to Purchased Christmas Videos During Christmas [can't watch what you paid for]
Amazon Wants to Ship Your Package Before You Buy It
Amazon developing pay-TV streaming service: report
Amazon set to flex its cloud-computing arm
Amazon, Home Depot go on hiring sprees for spring (Over 80,000 jobs!)
Amazon.com workers reject unionization in Delaware vote
Ambassador (Caroline) Kennedy: A star is born
Ambassador Power: Defunding UN Agencies for Admitting 'Palestine' Hurts U.S.
Ambassadorships: Qualified Applicants Need Not Apply?
Amber Alert is issued for Fitchburg child, 6
Ambitious Texas Republicans Had Better Get Organized for Expensive Federal Races
Amercian Exceptionalism: A Statement Of Fact
America Became Increasingly Pro-Life in 2013
America Does Not “Need a King”, America Needs a President
America Evolving: Six Californias
America Exposed: Obama Seeking to Abolish Tomahawk, Hellfire Missile Programs
America Is The New Jew
America Isn't Destined to Be More Liberal
America Isn’t Working: More than One in Six Men Between 25 and 54 Is Without a Job
America Just Isn't That Into Obama Anymore
America Needs a King
America Resembling Anti-Democratic Regime - Russia's Moment to Lead(?)
America Takes Down Osama bin Laden’s Lawyer
America Takes Early Retirement ... Mark Steyn
America Truly is the Greatest Country in the World. Don't Let Freedom Slip Away.
America and Ukraine: The threat to freedom
America and the Culture of Vulgarity—No End in Sight
America in Lockdown
America in Worse Fiscal Shape than Detroit-Professor Laurence Kotlikoff
America is Now an Accessory to Genocide
America is fed up of me: Morgan to quit CNN job
America is still here, ain't it?
America resembling anti-democratic regime - Russia's moment to lead
America's 'Tools' of Engagement
America's 'Youth Misery Index' hits all time high
America's 10 Most Expensive Restaurants
America's Clash of Generations: How Many Working People Can Support One Retiree in the Future?
America's Dwindling Economic Freedom (U.S. has dropped out of the top 10)
America's Dwindling Economic Freedom (no longer in the top 10 most free countries)
America's Founders and Legalizing Marijuana (Part 3)
America's Homosexual Jingoism - Part 1
America's Internet Surrender
America's Knockout Novel: The Adventures of Huck Finn
America's Marxist university WAR against "BEAUTY"
America's New Robot Army
America's Oil and Gas Leverage, A shrewder President would use it to reduce Putin's influence.
America's Poisoned Churches -- Render Unto Caesar vs. IRS 501 C-3
America's Quiver of Outrage is Empty
America's Religiosity Is Increasing: Gallup
America's Retail Job Growth Illusion: More Workers, Fewer Hours
America's Self-Inflicted Tax Injury that Undermines Competitiveness and Job Creation
America's chief export: immorality
America's colors never run, that's important to remember as these colors do...
America's failed "trade" experiment with China: More than $300 billion imbalance in 2013.
America, the irrelevant
America: After a bumpy 2013, a wary world watches
American Anaconda Crawls Out of Saudi Toilet
American Atheists Lawsuit Against 'World Trade Center Cross' Goes Before Appeals Court
American Atheists President: Conservatives 'Pretend Christianity Still Holds Water' in USA
American Atheists Work To Keep WTC Cross Out Of 9/11 Museum
American Bar Association: All-In Leftists
American Baseball Players Thriving [?] In Venezuela
American Bitcoin exchange CEO found dead in her Singapore home after suspected suicide at age 28
American Catholic bishops and their failure to excommunicate
American Colonial Silver Spoon Offered for $222,848
American Commando Brought His Girlfriend to Afghanistan—And Armed Her
American Commentator: Israel Behind Malaysian Plane Mystery (Kevin Barrett)
American Commentator: Israel Behind Malaysian Plane Mystery (barf alert)
American Crossroads reserves $1.1 million in North Carolina ads for April
American Diplomat Ran Consulate Like Party Pad
American Eagle...Free Game
American Exceptionalism - ie promoting gay weddings and abortion? Isn't that how we're exceptional?
American Fakectivism: Social Media activism by small numbers of people integrated into news cycle
American Flag Banned in California School
American Hockey Hero T.J. Oshie, from Hockeytown, USA, Is a Very American American
American Hostages, My Granddaughters, and the Hope of the World
American Idol 'will LOSE money this year for the first time in show's history
American Idol 2014--Live Thread
American Idol: Why We're Just Wild About Harry
American Jewish Leaders Mourn Ariel Sharon; Praise Political Pragmatism and Military Prowess
American Lugers Annoyed by Group’s Gay Rights Video
American Medical Association: ObamaCare Poses "Risk" for Doctors
American Medical Association: Obamacare sticks doctors with unpaid bills
American Military Leaders Now Working on Behalf of The Enemy
American Minute with Bill Federer DEC. 23 - The American Crisis, Thomas Paine, 1776
American People First
American Physical Society: The First Major Scientific Institution To Reject Global Warming ?
American Pressure on Israel: What Would Jabotinsky Do?
American Studies Association President-elect holding 'secret' anti-Israel conference at NYU
American Studies Association leaders endorse boycott of Israeli universities
American TV & Appliance closing all 11 stores; 989 will lose jobs
American Tanks Return to Europe After Brief Leave
American Taxpayers, Workers and Vendors Screwed by Spanish Conglomerate Abengoa that...
American Teen Held in Saudi for Harassing Girls
American University students can’t name a single US senator [VIDEO]
American academic boycott of Israel draws congressional fire
American architect Thom Mayne&#65292;he is my idol.
American bluff
American citizen Merrill Newman deported from North Korea, says he looks forward to seeing wife
American companies selling off nation’s water supplies with blessing of Obama Regime
American kidnapped by al Qaeda begs US for help
American men taking back their masculinity?
American teacher killed in Benghazi
American teacher shot dead in Libya's Benghazi
American values being taught at camp for kids
American's fight to expose corruption in Russia
American, Warrior, Patriot, and Conservative -- Allen West 2016
American-Murdering Hezbollah Terrorist, “Signals Insincerity” Behind Tehran’s Latest Moves
American-born snowboarder Vic Wild wins gold for Russia, U.S. Snowboarding says it 'respects'...
AmericanLongRifles Forums
Americans Aren't Interested in the World's Problems
Americans Don't Buy Obama's Talk Of Economic 'Recovery'
Americans Don’t Want More Gun Control, Says Poll From Gun Lobby (Captain Obvious Alert!)
Americans Just Aren't That Into Immigration (New poll released in advance of GOP Amnesty summit)
Americans Learn to Succeed by Learning From Failure
Americans Renouncing Citizenship Up 221%, All Aboard The FATCA Express
Americans Spent $7.45 Billion In 3 Three Years Helping Other Countries Deal With Climate Change
Americans Spent $7.45B in 3 Years Helping Other Countries Deal With ‘Climate Change’
Americans Urged to Ask Senate to Back Pro-Life Bill
Americans are Clear: Obamacare Just Isn't Liberal Enough (Barf Alert)
Americans back the US's defense commitment to other members of NATO (Poll)
Americans being held in Libya - 4 US Military Personnel in Custody
Americans borrowing record amount to buy cars
Americans embrace guns: Column
Americans for a Conservative Direction (back door amnesty site)
Americans give border security, dealing with illegal immigrants in U.S. equal weight, poll shows
Americans never give up your guns
Americans on Medicaid Exceed Population of UK
Americans rank Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton as most admired: (Gallup) poll
Americans set to ban French railway firm from bidding on £4 billion contract..
Americans warned of imminent, deadly meteor strikes: Famous strategy recommended to survive
Americans without God--no longer a nation?
Americans, do not give up your God
Americans: Failures of Obamacare Are All Your Fault (Kay Hagan RAT-period NC out of her depth)
Americans: US is Losing Respect
Americans’ approval of gays hikes by 21 percentage points
Americas get front-row seat for lunar eclipse
America’s Crisis of Political Legitimacy
America’s Dying Economic Freedom
America’s Education System Isn’t Broken
America’s Education System Isn’t Broken: White & Asian American Test Scores Top Most Countries
America’s Fastest Growing Cities
America’s First Challenge
America’s Incest Obsession: “Flowers in the Attic” Is Back, as Are the Memories
America’s Latest Heroine Fights Back
America’s Most (and Least) Literate Cities
America’s Most Brutal Gang Could Be Big Winner In El Salvador’s Presidential Election
America’s Overextended War Guarantees
America’s Ruling Class–And the Perils of Revolution
America’s Self-Appointed Ministers of Culture
America’s ambassador to the UN berates her Russian counterpart (take a look)
America’s financial standing with rest of world best since 1999
America’s friends are left behind in Barack Obama’s new plans
America’s police more likely to Menace and Intimidate than Protect and Serve
America’s views on abortion are changing
America’s war on obesity is an assault on our liberty
Amid Declining Popularity,The Tea Party Prepares To Fight
Amid Economy Disaster, French Socialists Get Crushed in Election
Amid Obamacare late rush, government says 'don't worry'
Amid Ukraine crisis, Obama to meet Netanyahu on Mideast peace, Iran
Amid Wave of Pro-Gun Legislation, Georgia Proposes Sweeping Law
Amid crisis in Ukraine, Obama will vacation in Florida
Amid military cuts, Obama urges $300B for roads and railways
Amid protests, Ukraine more divided than ever
Amid public anger, Britain sends military to help flooded region
Amid showdown with energy-rich Russia, calls rise in Europe to start fracking
Amidst Dwindling Poll Numbers, MSNBC Travels to Kenya to Locate Obama Fans
Amira Willighagen (9) does it again - AVE MARIA - Holland's got Talent [Beautiful!]
Amiri Baraka, activist poet and playwright, dies at 79
Amish Mafia
Amish buggy sought in Pennsylvania hit-and-run
Amish school shooter's kin: Horror, then healing
Ammiano has bone to pick over access to Healthy S.F.
Ammunition Availability, Shortages, and .22 Production
Amnesty = Suicide for Republican Party
Amnesty Ends the American Dream
Amnesty Incorporated: DHS Hires Activist Immigration Lawyers
Amnesty for illegals is not enough
Amnesty is a vote-killer for GOP, says WashPo poll
Amnesty, but Not for D’Souza
Amnesty-Hawking Bishops Exploit Holy Mass
Among exile elite, a shift over Cuba-US policy
Amphibious Albion. ... Mark Steyn
Amputee veteran turned away by Starbucks employees who wouldn't let his service dog in store
Amsterdam Has a Deal for Alcoholics: Work Paid in Beer
Amsterdam alcoholics paid in beer for collecting litter
Amtrak and the Michigan State Budget
Amy Poehler and Michelle Obama Are Besties, Parks and Recreation Comes to Miami
Amy's Place ... Poetry and Potpourri ... April, 2014
Amy's Place ... Poetry and Potpourri ... January, 2014
Amy's Place ... Poetry and Potpourri ... March, 2014
An "Al Gore Syndrome".Missing In Action Every Record Cold,Snowy And Vicious Winter.
An "Unfriendly Gesture" (PUTIN)
An 'Uncle Tom,' am I?
An 18-Year-Old Gets 10 Years In Jail After Punching And Killing A College Student
An Absolute Right to Refuse Service
An Academic Fraud Exposed
An Act of Love that could get us Photo I.D. for voting! ~ Vanity
An Act of Surrender May Strengthen Boehner’s Control
An Advent calendar you didn't see coming [30 days of Obamacare]
An Affordable Housing Project Faces Opposition in Wealthy Chappaqua
An African seeking refuge and understanding finds neither in Israel
An Airborne Hunt for Red October?
An Alleged Case of Textbook Bias So ‘Outrageous’ That One Student Says ‘People Need to Know About It
An Alternative “Peace” Scenario for the Middle East
An Amazing Village Designed Just For People With Dementia
An Analysis of President Lincoln's Legal Arguments Against Secession
An Ancient City Is Discovered Underwater. What They Found Will Change History Forever
An Animated Barefoot Bandit
An Anti-Israel Tourism Subterfuge
An Apology (comparing Murder, Inc. to Planned Parenthood)
An Army of Elders -- Heber C. Kimball [1868 Mormon leader prophecy: Second Coming of Joseph Smith]
An Army of Ted Cruzes: Louisiana candidate takes a page from a tea party hero
An Assessment of Kenneth L Gentry's Internal Evidence For Dating Revelation
An Earthquake Could Topple Hundreds of Buildings, and L.A. Leaders Are Doing Nothing
An Egyptian Jew's message to threatened Middle East Christians
An Empty Suit Prepares To Deliver an Empty Speech (watch this)
An End to Fair Elections
An Engineer's Guide to Cats 2.0 - The Sequel [video]
An Engineer’s Eureka Moment With a G.M. Flaw
An Essay: January 31, 2014 ( Seeds Sown by Stalin )
An Expert Panhandling dog
An Honorable Last Wish For A Dying Marine (Power Puke Alert)
An Inspirational Speech by Ronald Reagan; His First Inaugural Address on January 20,1981
An Instantly Forgettable State of the Union Address
An Iowa City With A Population Of 7,000 Will Receive Armored Military Vehicle
An Islamist Thanksgiving
An Obamacare supporter recounts his misadventures dealing with HealthCare.gov
An Obituary For Our Dear Friend, "Common Sense"
An Ode to Outdoor Beer Drinking
An Oh-So-Subtle Twist (Homosexuality)
An Old Fart’s Advice to New Writers Entering the Culture War
An Old Man's Long Gun Addiction (another one becomes a Mosin addict)
An Olympic boycott: should LGBT rights trump the winter games?
An Open Letter From Dylan Farrow (Alleged Victim of Woody Allen)
An Open Letter from Wendy Davis
An Open Letter to Lt. Paul Vance, the Self-Proclaimed "Master" of CT.
An Open Letter to Michael Lawlor, the CT Governor's Hatchet Man on Firearms Confiscation.
An Open Letter to Michelle Obama From a Knucklehead
An Open Letter to Russia
An Open Letter to the Legislative Tyrants of Connecticut.
An Open Letter to the Legislatures of New Jersey and Rhode Island: Are you seriously proposing to
An Open Letter to the Makers of The Wolf of Wall Street, and the Wolf Himself
An Open Letter to the Men and Women of the Connecticut State Police
An Orchestrated Media Hit On Ken Buck
An Orwellian Nation of Obamathink
An Outline of The Political Significance of the Common Core
An Oversold Weapon Against Breast Cancer
An Unconscionable Silence
An Unconventional Desalination Technology Could Solve California's Water Shortage
An Unholy Alliance Is Forcing Veterans To Pay For 12 Years Of War
An Uplifting Moment Amidst Lies
An Upside-Down World
An amendable Constitution is the opposite counterpart to a living constitution, not dead
An ancient wreck tells the tale of Romans in France
An animation of the fantasy of a Democrat-run government vs. reality
An apology is not enough - World Vision needs to clean house
An appropriate choice - MSNBC carries Russia hockey game live (Vanity)
An army of liberal trolls: Elmore warns we mustn't discount 'tidal wave of hate' presented online
An awesome "vintage" of some guy in a costume shaking Captain America's hand...
An earnest e-mail from Joe Biden
An effective eye drug is available for $50. But many doctors choose a $2,000 alternative
An epiphany many who voted to reelect Obama must be realizing by now...
An explanation of liberal vs. conservative that settles which side deals in fantasy vs. reality
An incomparable strategic weapon for the USA(Hint:technology that Obama is trying to destroy)
An intelligence contest with the IRS vs. a 5 year old boy...
An old mathematical puzzle soon to be unraveled?
An open letter to all politicans and wanna be's
An open letter to the GOP on third parties and Lost causes.
An unconscionable silence (Judge Napolitano rips Congress)
An unforgettable 911 Call of a 5 year old Girl
An unidentified royal statue head found in Luxor
An update on my grandson Jamesie
An urgent message from Santa
An ‘Onslaught’ of White-on-Black Murder? : Al Sharpton vs. Reality
Ana Navarro: Some Conservatives Oppose Amnesty Because They're 'Racist'
Anaheim City Council Recognizes OC Busboy Who Returned $5K To 90-Year-Old Customer
Anaheim Officers Shoot, Kill Man Who Shot Police Dog Shot in Line of Duty
Anaheim councilwoman is asked to resign after shooting comments
Anakin & Mika Bunny Kicks & Ball Fun, Two Legged Cat
Analysis of Establishment vs Tea Party Senate Candidates
Analysis of ICE data: Amnesty is already in effect for nearly all illegals who are already here
Analysis of the top 10 Linux operating systems
Analysis: 3 Reasons Religious Freedom Laws Are Nothing Like Jim Crow
Analysis: Afghan Taliban say drone strikes are proof US is a 'paper tiger'
Analysis: Eric Holder exposes himself in Sweden
Analysis: How the White House is rebranding Obamacare for 'young invincibles'
Analysis: Michigan's Labor Force Growth Among Fastest in Nation
Analysis: Pressure Mounts On Moldova As It Nears Long-Sought EU Accords
Analysis: The 'Knockout Game' is about more than fistfights
Analysis: U.S. Cozies Up to Kiev Gov't Including Far Right(McCain pictured next to Neo-Nazi leader?)
Analysis:Why Hillary Clinton could bury the Republican presidential field
Analyst predicts world’s next shale boom — and it’s not China
Analyst: Stealth Technology Seizure Behind MH370 Disappearance
Analysts Predict Biggest Christmas Church Shopping Season Ever
Analysts: Russia unlikely to pull back in Crimea
Anatomy of a Democratic Midterm Freakout
Anatomy of a Democratic Midterm Freakout (Dem panties in a twist)
Anatomy of a Takedown (radical liberal left wingers attack conservative writer)
Anchor Baby Outrage: Americans Pay BILLIONS for Illegal Alien Births (Video)
Anchor Dares to Ask Planned Parenthood Boss When Life Begins
Anchor of ages believed found off Whidbey Island
Ancient Box Supposedly Containing the Remains of Jesus' Brother Set for Public Display
Ancient DNA Ties Native Americans From Two Continents To Clovis
Ancient Egyptian Soldier's Letter Home Deciphered
Ancient Gladiator School Discovered in Austria
Ancient Humans Had Sex With A Mystery Species (Not Neanderthals Or Denisovans)
Ancient Lenten pilgrimage comes to life through new book
Ancient Palace's Painted Floors Display Bronze-Age Creativity
Ancient Spider Rock Art Sparks Archaeological Mystery
Ancient bison allows scientists to travel back in time - 9,000 years
Ancient bone fragments help describe diet, health of Saharan ancestors
Ancient cranial surgery [trepanation]
Ancient graves hint at cultural shift to Anglo-Saxon Britain
Ancient mass grave unearthed at Italian gallery thought to contain dozens of plague victims
Ancient mummies found buried with world's oldest cheese
Ancient nomads spread earliest domestic grains along Silk Road, study finds
Ancient statesman skeleton found in Giza
Ancient tablet suggests Noah’s Ark was round
And For Georgia Readers (Gun Mufflers,hunting)
And He Spake That They Should Be Deemed To Be Covered, And It Was So. And It Was Good.
And Oh, By the Way, Harry Reid’s granddaughter also got Nevada grants for her NYC theater
And Remember All Of The Encouraging Statements Of Recent SOTU Addresses?,Sunshine&Lollypops?
And Surrogacy Makes 3 In New York, a Push for Compensated Surrogacy
And The Country Posing The Greatest Threat to Peace as 2013 Ends is…
And The Person Who Foresaw It All Is…
And The only Congressional leader to exempt staffers from ObamaCare is....
And They Called Me Pure Evil
And What if He is a Marxist?
And What if Obama is a Marxist?
And When I Die
And Your 2013 Villain of the Year Is…
And now for a brutally honest President's Day greeting card from Obama
And now for an educational Valentine's poem from Cupid Obama
And now: 7 government ‘hubs’ that will ‘help Americans mitigate the scourge of climate change’
And the Dopes Took Charge at Midnight
And yet another Hollande reform goes up in smoke ( France )
Anderson Cooper Destroys Arizona GOP State Senator's Defense Of Anti-Gay Bill
Anderson Cooper Discusses His Mother and ‘Cunnilingus’
Anderson Cooper Gently Explains to Alec Baldwin Why a Certain Slur Is Anti-Gay
Anderson Cooper Will Not Receive an Inheritance From Mom Gloria Vanderbilt
Anderson Family Bluegrass - Harbor Of Love ;music: 3 min]
Andrea Mitchell Applauds RFK Jr.'s 'Impassioned Plea' for Obama to Stop Keystone Pipeline by Fiat
Andrea Mitchell Claims Iran an 'American Ally' Before Bush Gave 'Axis of Evil' Speech
Andrea Mitchell: Hillary Friend Blair's Memoirs 'Taken Out of Context'
Andrea Mitchell: ‘Iran Was More or Less an American Ally’ Before Bush’s ‘Axis of Evil’ Remark
Andrew Breitbart: "Your Peril Will Be My Peril"
Andrew Breitbart’s Vision and Mission Thriving Two Years After His Death
Andrew Cuomo and the Sins of the Fathers (the silence of the bishops)
Andrew Cuomo, the Catholic Anti-Catholic
Andrew Cuomo: Pro-Life People “Have No Place in the State of New York”
Andrew Cuomo: Segregationist
Andrew I And The Monolithic Marxism Of The Democratic Party
Andrew J. Bacevich: A smaller U.S. Army should do just fine
Andrew Wilkow UNLOADS during radio show...GREAT!
Andrews blocking FR again
Andrews family income topped $500k in 2012 (1%'er free from job lock)
Andy Beshear campaign says fundraiser won't conflict with Clinton event for Grimes
Andy Griffith - " What It Was , Was Football " ( vanity )
Andy Lopez activists to get 'free speech' table at Santa Rosa Plaza
Andy Stanley Wants Christians to Keep Christ Out of Business
Andy goes to Hollywood
Angela Davis, Nas discuss abolishing prisons (Useful Idiot Alert!)
Angela Merkel condemns EU insult
Angela Merkel declares G8 defunct; Europe scrambles to replace Russian gas
Angela Merkel fractures pelvis in ski fall
Angelina Jolie, UK’s Hague praise Bosnia for rape prevention in military training
Angels and Demons (rise of Pentecostalism in Africa leads to witch hunts, HIV/AIDS
Anger Over Health Care Costs Will Be a Factor Next November
Anger Rising: Obama’s An ‘Enemy Combatant’
Anger at Charlotte Catholic school after speaker criticizes homosexuality
Anger over photo behind stabbing death of West Boca restaurant owner, deputies say
Anger rising: Obama's an 'enemy combatant'
Angering Environmentalists, AFL-CIO Pushes Fossil-Fuel Investment
Anglican Archbishop Invites Catholic, Lutheran to Move Into Lambeth Palace
Anglican Church in Nigeria Subjects Members to Oath Denouncing Homosexuality
Anglicans and Sexual Contradictions
Anglo-Saxon remains found during Rushton excavation work
Angry Abortion Activists Vandalize Cross Memorial, Threaten to Kill Pro-Lifers
Angry Chinese families threaten hunger strike over missing plane
Angry Clingers UNITE
Angry Clingers UNITE!
Angry Dem Aide on Obamacare Roll-out: The White House "S--- the Bed"
Angry Female Alabama Fan Jumps an OU Student in the Sugar Bowl Stands (VIDEO: Hell Hath No Fury)
Angry French Union Workers Take Two Bosses Hostage (Goodyear plant)
Angry Lebanese Protest Over Attack on Priest's Library
Angry People May Be at Greater Risk of Heart Attack, Study Finds
Angry Residents Wave Pitchforks, Torches In Protest Of Mayor's Crackdown On Homelessness (Portland)
Angry at Ted Cruz, Republicans should remember what he represents
Angry baker sends a turd-shaped cake to an engagement party, causing a stink.
Angry hockey fans sue arena over beer scam
Angry motorists want to put brakes on red light cameras
Angry parents crush race-quota revival
Angry priest fighting for immigration reform
Angry students snap photos of lunches, tell Michelle Obama: ‘You call this a [expletive] lunch?’
Angus King (Maine) may flip to GOP in 2015
Animal Exceptionalism / Morally Irrelevant
Animal Planet's "My Cat From Hell" Star to Meet Oregon Hostage Cat
Animal Planet’s Jackson Galaxy speaks out on behalf of attack cat
Animal Service Officers Rescue Cat Hanging Out On 91 Freeway
Animal torturer employed by Pike County
Animals leaving Yellowstone Park
Anita Hill Explains How Joe Biden Screwed Up Clarence Thomas' Confirmation
Anita hill on Jon Stewart
Ankara warns Moscow it may close Bosphorus for Russian ships
Ankara ‘adds’ uranium clause in nuclear deal with Tokyo
Ann Althouse: Taking a ridiculous racial issue and making it more ridiculous.
Ann Arbor groups rally behind unauthorized immigrant facing deportation
Ann Coulter Challenges Ed Schultz: 'Invite Me on Your Show, You Lying P--sy'
Ann Coulter Is Full Of It
Ann Coulter on 2016: Second look at Mitt Romney?
Ann Coulter to Fox & Friends: My Friend's Sister Died Because of Obamacare
Ann Coulter: 'Liberalism Is an Aspect of Mental Illness'
Ann Coulter: 'The Country Has Not Voted to Turn Itself Into Mexico'
Ann Coulter: Did I Move?
Ann Coulter: Illegal Immigration, Polls and Dishonesty
Ann Coulter: Ted Cruz is a Disaster, Says Romney Best Candidate for 2016
Ann Shoben: Skinheads, anti-government cultists embrace NRA's paranoid message
Annapolis police chief apologizes for citing hoax story in testimony against marijuana legalization
Anne Coulter: 'Shysters' who attack 'establishment' GOP risk control of Senate
Anne Frank's marbles to go on display in Rotterdam
Annie Dookhan’s Falsified Lab Data: Symptom of a Corrupted System
Annie Get Your Gun a symbol for America’s armed women
Annihilation or Eternal Punishment?
Annoying Greenie on Defense
Annoying People: There Ought to Be a Law
Anonymity Online
Anonymous - AN URGENT MESSAGE
Anonymous hacks Ukranian/Udar email system
Another "Successful Banker" Found Dead
Another 'stand your ground' case? Florida shooting suspect claims he was attacked
Another 'stand your ground' case? MetroWest shooting suspect claims he was attacked
Another Benchmark Fail in Obama Revolution
Another Botched Marxist Rollout
Another Bush-Clinton Contest In 2016: Only A Democrat's Dream?
Another Busy Weekend For The President
Another Corvette Thief Foiled by Inability to Drive Stick
Another Day in Chicago: More Threats Toward Citizens by Obama Administration
Another Day, Another Fake Anti-Gay Hate Crime
Another Day, Another Obamacare Propaganda Session - promises three more years of this
Another Dumb Thing McConnell Supported: The Light-Bulb Ban (Maybe Not the Brightest Bulb)
Another Earthquake in southern CA
Another Edition of “Great Moments in State and Local Government”
Another Election Problem in Search of a Solution
Another Environmental Lie Exposed: Bees are Thriving
Another False Prophet Exposed
Another Federal Court Undermines the Second Amendment
Another George Bush wins in Texas
Another Icon Lost....
Another Illegal Obamacare Edict?
Another JPMorgan Banker Dies, 37 Year Old Executive Director Of Program Trading
Another Jang associate executed – News agency
Another Kilo-class submarine heading for Vietnam
Another Knockout Attacks Reported in Crown Heights
Another Liberal Lie:"It's Not Where We Want It To Be"
Another Misguided Cruz Missile (No, Ted is doing exactly what we Texans hired him to do)
Another Misguided Plan to Burden America with a Value-Added Tax
Another Obama Record… 10.9 Million Americans Are Now on Disability
Another Obama nominee faces confirmation struggle: Another Democratic Rebellion in Less than 2 weeks
Another ObamaCare Rate Shock On The Way
Another Obamacare Delay in the Works
Another Obamacare delay imminent on non-compliant health coverage (Just drop it after the election!)
Another Obamacare glitch: Adding a new baby to plan not easy
Another Obamacare horror story you’re not likely to hear
Another Olympic pain in the neck: pillow shortage
Another Papal Homily Head-Scratcher
Another Papal Scolding
Another Path to 'Not Guilty'[Nullification]
Another Perspective of the Obamacare Website
Another Phony Obamacare Poll: So much for polls producing “meaningful and unbiased results.”
Another Poll, Another Poor Understanding of the Nature and Purpose of the Church
Another Pro-Choice Rapist: Dead
Another Problem Obamacare Won't Solve: Health Costs (link only)
Another RNC Ad Campaign Proposal:Democrats,The Party Of,"I Don't Know".
Another Ranking, Another Day At Bottom [CT Death Spiral Watch]
Another Reason For GOP Landslide.The Uninformed Will Likely Forget To Vote In November.
Another San Antonio Spur from France does the Nazi quenelle with Dieudonne
Another South Korean superlative: Most draft dodgers in prison
Another Sudden Death of JPMorgan Worker: 34-Year Old Jason Alan Salais
Another Tesla Caught On Fire While Sitting In A Toronto Garage This Month
Another Undocumented Democrat Comes out of the Shadows (Dick Lugar)
Another anti-gun California lawmaker in legal trouble today
Another apparent "Shabbos Knockout Game Attack" on a Jewish Woman in Brooklyn
Another blast of arctic air follows latest snow
Another blue state Obamacare exchange director resigns
Another case of academic fraud highlights cheating in the sciences
Another church gets a new Communion rail!
Another climate change myth DEBUNKED by proper climate scientists
Another day of vacation, another round of golf for President Obama
Another day, another reason to end human rights commissions
Another fox joins FOX NEWS...meet Lea Gabrielle
Another headache for New Jersey's Christie: class-action lawsuit
Another lie about Obamacare exposed
Another member of the G-8 cardinals: “Church has never been against….homosexuality”
Another one bites the dust: Nevada’s ObamaCare exchange director resigns
Another plane like Malaysia Airlines flight 370 vanished with GPS tracking
Another poll shows the new GOP frontrunner is… Mike Huckabee
Another potential boost for Obamacare (Beltway logic - Medicaid signups equal success)
Another strange Obama admininstration arms purchase
Another teenage girl gang raped in Baghlan
Another “No Knock” Police Raid In Iowa Raises SERIOUS Issues
Answer This: Oliver North
Answer to LA Times about John Huizenga, the physicist who helped discredit ‘cold fusion’ (LENR)
Answering Liberal Race Exploitation
Answering the John Birch Society Questions about Article V
Antarctic Expedition to Plant 'Thousands of Trees' to Off Set Carbon Footprint of Rescue (!!!)
Antarctic glacier 'melted JUST as fast LONG before human carbon emissions'
Antarctic ice blocks ice breaker sent to rescue climate researchers trapped in… ice
Antarctic ice breaker now stuck [Rescuing Liberals Trying to prove Global Warming! Oh, the irony!]
Antarctic ice shelf melt 'lowest EVER recorded, global warming is NOT eroding it'
Antarctic passengers ponder logistics of air rescue as second icebreaker closes in
Antarctic rescue ship now stuck in ice
Antarctica Sets Cold Record of -135.8 Degrees
Antarctica may have a new type of ice - diamonds
Anthem to raise some premiums as much as 25%
Anthony Bourdain in Detroit *Parts Uknown*
Anthony Weiner Hints of Another Comeback Attempt
Anthony Weiner on Hillary Clinton: ‘Most qualified candidate in history’
Anthony Weiner's 'brashness' just got him a new job
Anthony Weiner, wife hunt for cheaper digs
Anthropogenic Global Densification: it’s the New Global Warming Armageddon
Anti-1929 chart shows the bull market’s longevity — or that data is malleable
Anti-Abortion Groups Don't Want You to Buy Thin Mints
Anti-Establishment Ben Sasse Surges to Virtual Tie in Nebraska GOP Senate Primary
Anti-Free Speech Zones Used to Silence Pro-Lifers Could Come Back to Haunt Liberals
Anti-Gun Aggies?!
Anti-Gun Group Moms Demand Action Lies About ‘Victory’ At Staples & Gets Caught
Anti-Gun Groups Turn Up Pressure on the Private Sector (OMG,,,, Where's the "Panic Button".)
Anti-Gun Liberal Wants to Murder NRA Board Members
Anti-Gun NFL: National Frauds' League
Anti-Gun Senator Demonstrates His Firearms Ignorance
Anti-Gun Senator Makes a Fool of Himself (CA, of course)
Anti-Gun Senator Makes a Fool of Himself [D-CA]
Anti-Gun Violence State Rep. Jailed for Punching Woman Who Refused Sex
Anti-Koch Ads That Support Landrieu Forget She's Accepted $50K From Them Since 2000
Anti-Obama 'Birther' Supports Canadian-Born Sen. Ted Cruz for President
Anti-Obama Lawn Sign Goes Up in Flames in Cotuit (Mass.)
Anti-Obama Street Art Covers Santa Monica
Anti-Obama Street Art Hits Oscars: 'Oczars'
Anti-Racism Activists on Colbert: We Will Protest This Until It Ends
Anti-Russians display controversial US Confederate flag in Kiev
Anti-Science: Those Who Wish to Debate Climate Threatened with Death or Jail
Anti-Semitism Becomes Respectable in D.C. [Obama's D.C.]
Anti-Vax Jenny McCarthy Asks Twitter a Question, and Gets the Answers She Should Have Seen Coming
Anti-War Activist Detained, Injured in Cairo Says US Embassy ‘Was Missing in Action’
Anti-War Movement Found @ MLA
Anti-abortion voters look for one of their own
Anti-gay demonstration reveals double-standard in Sochi Â« SI.com
Anti-gay marriage bill wins Kan. House's approval
Anti-gay-marriage donations are rare in the Valley
Anti-government protesters in Ukraine topple Lenin statue
Anti-government protests resume in Bangkok
Anti-govt protesters in Kiev topple Lenin statue
Anti-gun IL Representative Laura Fine can’t take the ISRA’s heat
Anti-gun mayor holds 'gay' crush hostage with gun
Anti-gun mayors are big on crime (Howie Carr)
Anti-union workers sue Volkswagen, UAW over Tennessee plant
Antibiotics And Their Use in Collapse Medicine(tm), Parts 1-4
Antichristian NEA apparently tries to suppress a story (vanity)
Antifeminism Might Become Illegal in the Nordic Countries (Some Vanity)
Antinomianism in High Places is Still Antinomianism
Antinuclear ex-PM Hosokawa to vie for Tokyo gov., backed by Koizumi
Antioch: Robber slain, customer wounded during jewelry store robbery
Antioxidants including vitamin E can promote lung cancer: study
Antiques Roadshow star spots that £400 painting is really a Van Dyck worth [$660,000]
Antiquities Robbers Caught Selling Rare Ancient Burial Chests
Antisemitism, fear and political correctness continue to drive the "peace process"
Any "American Horror Story" fans out there? Get ready for your biggest scare yet!
Any Chance Bill Clinton Wants a Do-Over Since His Latest ‘Fan Photo’ Hit the Internet?
Any Eve online regulars here?
Any FReepers in Minot, ND? (It is COLD)
Any Freeper Lawyers deal with Criminal Law/Constitutional Issues?
Any Freepers who have had gall bladder surgery?
Any Good RUMTOPF recipes?
Any Stories of Obama Buyer's Remorse?
Any freepers have had an appendectomy?
Any liberal who thinks Obamacare is set in stone should get a gander at this...
Any nice, attractive freeper women around Redding...NorCal area?
Any signs of people in blue states starting to turn away from Democrats?
Any stories of Obama buyer's remorse?
Anybody Recognize the Opening Theme to the Closing Ceremonies of the Sochi Olympics?
Anyone Curious? Will The Record Cold &"Polar Winter" Be Mentioned In The State Of Union Address?
Anyone Familiar With Population Research Institute?
Anyone Recognize This Cat? It Could Be Fifi Reincarnated.
Anyone else have issues with Windowsupdate for Windows? (Vanity)
Anyone else hear? TEPCO Quietly Admits Reactor 3 Could Be Melting Down NOW [see post 80']
Anyone else tired of seeing Michael Bolton every other commercial?
Anyone ever use "powdered butter"?
Anyone feel that earthquake?
Anyone in MD Having Trouble With Earhlink? [Vanity]
Anyone know why hot-water radiators need bleeding every couple of days, temp 60-64?
Anyone wanna bet that the DOW will hit 16,000 today?
Apartheid in Israel? Hardly.
Ape Predicts Seahawks Will Win Super Bowl
Apocalypse Cow - Obama EPA To Regulate Bovine Emissions
Apocalypse soon: Ukrainian president reportedly flees Kiev
Apocalyptic prophecies drive both sides to Syrian battle for end of time
Apocalyptic prophecies drive both sides to Syrian battle for end of time [Sunni vs Shi'ite]
Apollo 8 - Book Of Genesis Reading (December 24, 1968)
Apologies.
Apology called for after Greg Abbott's comment
Apostate The Men Who Killed the Christian West
Apotheosis in Caracas El Marques
App lets bacon-lovers wake to their favorite smell
Appalachian Trail hikers stranded in snow rescued
Appalling: NY Times editorial distorts, misleads, and lies to readers on HHS Mandate
Appeal to Heaven or Appeal to Law [contra Mark Levin]
Appeal to Help Veteran’s Dog Prompts Outpouring of Donations
Appeal to U.S. immigration office stalls deportation, keeps Lake County man with family
Appeals Court Forces Notre Dame (Univ) to Comply With Obamacare Birth Control Mandate
Appeals Court Refuses To Halt Utah Marriages For Same-Sex Couples [Next Stop Supreme Court]
Appeals Court Says School Had Right To Ban U.S. Flag T-Shirts
Appeals Court Upholds Texas Pro-Life Law Wendy Davis Opposed That Closed Abortion Clinics
Appeals court in California orders YouTube to remove anti-Muslim film that sparked violence
Appeals court rules blogger, press get same protections
Appeals court upholds sex change for Mass. inmate
Appeals court upholds strict San Francisco gun laws
Apple - Holiday - TV Ad - Misunderstood
Apple CEO Blasts Conservatives, Dismisses Profit Motive
Apple Denies Working With NSA on iPhone Backdoors
Apple Designer Jonathan Ive on What's Next
Apple Engineer Recalls the iPhone's Birth
Apple Killed The iPad 2
Apple Removes Blockchain Bitcoin Wallet Apps from its App Stores
Apple Says iOS, OSX and “Key Web Services” Not Affected by Heartbleed Security Flaw
Apple and Samsung's New Devices Could Destroy the Demand for Windows 8 Tablets
Apple awarded U.S. patent for curved touch screen technology
Apple iOS upgrade is now available for iPads and iPhones
Apple loses bid for U.S. ban on Samsung smartphone sales
Apple releases OS X Mavericks 10.9.1
Apple rumored to be in the background, regarding Tesla?
Apple says security flaw could allow hackers to beat iPhone encryption
Apple security flaw could let hackers beat encryption
Apple vows they've never worked with NSA on backdoor deal
Apple’s Reputation for Software Security a 'Myth': Expert
Apple’s Tim Cook And His Dilemma Over Sustainability And Climate Change
Apple’s ‘next big thing’ might be even bigger than we thought
Approving Keystone XL could be the biggest mistake of Obama's presidency
Approving Polygamy – Cross Swords
April 1 and Obamacare: Will it prove Obama is a fool?
April 14, 2011: Leading party says Soros prepares “Libyan scenario” for Ukraine
April 1st: Woman Named "Gay" Was Found and Rescued; GAY Will NOT Be Used to Promote Sex Perversion
April 3, AD 33
April Fool's joke on school shooting sends Upstate woman to jail
April Fool: From America with Love
Arab League chief: No to Israel as Jewish state
Arab League: Stalemate in Peace Talks is All Israel's Fault
Arab MKs: No Way Will we Live Under the PA (Palestinian Authority)
Arab Rejectionism from Khartoum to Ramallah
Arab envoys say no to Israel as a Jewish state
Arab states celebrate Sharon’s death
Arab voice of Donald Duck fired by Disney for anti-Israel tweets
Arabic is #1 language spoken by refugees admitted to US during Obama reign
Arabs Set Police Station on Fire in Jerusalem
Arafat and the Jewish State: Setting the Record Straight
Arapahoe High Gunman: Republicans Are the Party of 'Let 'em Die'
Archaeologists Excavate Ancient Aramean City in Israel
Archaeologists Map Neolithic Monument Complex at Damerham, near Stonehenge
Archaeologists might have found bone of England's King Alfred the Great
Archaeology: ancient Roman house found in Arezzo
Archbishop Decrees an End to Eulogies at Ottawa-Area Catholic Funerals
Archbishop Desmond Tutu's home in Cape Town robbed while at the Nelson Mandela memorial
Archbishop Explains Goal of New Liturgical Institute [Cordileone-San Francisco]
Archbishop Fulton J. Sheen on the meaning of Christmas
Archbishop Fulton J. Sheen: Catholic Media's Greatest Star
Archbishop Gomez: avoid 'dead end' on immigration reform
Archbishop Gregory will sell $2.2 million residence: (Catholic Caucus)
Archbishop Lori welcomes Supreme Court injunction protecting Little Sisters
Archbishop Müller encourages unity serving evangelization, mission
Archbishop Sheen moves closer to beatification; preliminary approval of miracle
Archbishop Wilton Gregory Apologizes
Archbishop explains goal of new liturgical institute ("Benedict XVI Institute for Sacred Music...")
Archbishop of Canterbury Invites the Pope to “Walk Together”
Archbishop of Canterbury signals end of C of E's resistance to gay marriage [UK]
Archbishop of Delhi Arrested
Archbishop of Westminster is made a cardinal by Pope Francis
Archbishop stresses need to educate on Church immigration teaching
Archbishop urges prayer for targeted Ukraine Christians
Archbishop: 'The More That Gov't Mandates Evil Actions, The More Likely Civil Disobedience Becomes'
Archbishop: ‘The More That Gov’t Mandates Evil Actions, The More Likely Civil Disobedience Becomes’
Archbp. Cordileone on AG Eric Holder’s attack on definition of marriage
Archdiocese of Baltimore ends fiscal year in strong position
Archdiocese of Cincinnati expands morals clause in teacher contracts
Archdiocese revises teacher contracts, prohibiting gay “lifestyles” and IVF
Archie Comics CEO sued for allegedly calling men 'penis'
Archie Comics announces beloved redhead to die in July issue
Architect’s big idea: Tiny, $11,000 house
Arctic Blast coming to Eastern US – coldest opening to calendar spring in at least 50 years
Arctic Glacier collapses
Arctic storms that churn seas and melt ice more common than thought.
Are 'Smart Gun' Laws Constitutional?
Are Academics Culturally Taxed?
Are American Students Really that Dumb?
Are Americans Going Galt?
Are Antibiotics Making You and Your Child Fat?
Are Black Leftist Elites Who Support Abortion, a Group That Wishes That They Had Not Been Born?
Are Boehner and Ryan trying to be too cute by half on amnesty?
Are Catholics Christ’s Chosen People?
Are Colleges Finally Getting Tired of Anti-Israel Campus Antics?
Are Conservative Women Happier than Liberal Women?
Are Democratic Presidents Better for Babies?
Are Democrats Eating Their Own Over Charter Schools?
Are Diet Supplements Dangerous? : The FDA Cannot Keep Up
Are Foreign Guest Workers Preferable to Retraining?
Are Government Bureaucrats Corrupt and Dishonest?
Are Larry Page, Jerry Yang, and Larry Ellison pulling their philanthropic weight?
Are Liberals Less Selfish Than Other People?
Are Liberals trying to Annoy Us? [Trying to be Nutty?]
Are Maryland Democrats Embracing the Laffer Curve?
Are Modern People Morally Advanced?
Are ObamaCare's Tax Credits Harmless? The Little Understood Dark Side Of The Subsidies
Are Psychotropic drugs the hidden prescription for mass murder?
Are Racist LDS Scriptures Still Deemed “Utterly Reliable” and “Pure Truth”? Part 1
Are Racist LDS Scriptures Still Deemed “Utterly Reliable” and “Pure Truth”? Part 2
Are Republicans Preparing to Block The Congressional Budget Deal?
Are Republicans Sabotaging Obamacare with Fraudulent Websites?
Are Richard III's secrets about to be revealed?
Are Secret Clinton White House Tapes Lost to History?
Are Sewers Source of Toxic Hot Spots in Mountain View?
Are State Exchanges Going Bankrupt?
Are There ‘Moderate’ Muslims? How about ‘Moderate’ Jews and Christians?
Are Today's Germans Morally Responsible for the Holocaust?
Are True Conservatives A Minority In America?
Are We Entering Another Stagflation Era?
Are We Fighting Past Wars? The U.S. military needs to look forward to the next conflict.
Are We Ready for Robocars? Ford and MIT Think So
Are We Searching for Aliens in the Wrong Place?
Are We Sick of Him Yet? (Repost of Article)
Are We There Yet?
Are We or Aren't We?
Are You A Fool?
Are You A ‘Yoda,’ ‘Luke Skywalker,’...Take The ‘Star Wars’ Personality Test
Are You Aware Your Daughter Is With Two Black Men?Police Accused of Racial Profiling After Taking..
Are You Disabled? Your Boss Needs to Know
Are You In? (College Board promotes AP classes for minorities only)
Are You Looking For A Job?
Are You My Father, Mr. Corporation?
Are You Ready for International Beastiality Rights Day? Yeah, You Read that Right
Are You Ready for Riots?
Are You Ready for the 22-Foot tall German Shepherd?
Are You Religious...or Are You Saved?
Are You Sick Of Hearing And Seeing Obama On TV?
Are You Smarter Than a Communist?
Are You a Potential Plaintiff in an Anti-Obamacare Lawsuit? Please Respond by January 31, 2014
Are You, or Have You Ever Been, a Member of the Catholic Church?
Are baby's born to illegals US Citizens?
Are blacks ready to vote Republican?
Are crows the ultimate problem solvers? - Inside the Animal Mind
Are energy efficient homes making us ILL? Toxic mold caused by poor air circulation could…
Are equator bears in danger of extinction, just like their cousins the polar bears?
Are front loading washing machines bad?
Are nonprofit hospital execs overpaid? SEIU thinks you should have a vote (Oregon)
Are student loan debts setting the stage for the next bubble?
Are the Great Lakes the new transport lane for Alberta crude oil?
Are the Kingdom of God and Kingdom of Heaven the same?
Are the Millennials Reliably Leftist?
Are the wealthy really leaving NJ? Study says yes [moving to states with lower taxes]
Are there any Enrolled Agents here?
Are there any good dental discount plans? (vanity)
Are there any liberals left?
Are two Snohomish Co. libraries giving kids a head start on cynicism, or is it just me?
Are we living in a HOLOGRAM? Physicists believe our universe just a projection of another cosmos
Are we radical enough to win big in 2014? (vanity)
Are we really mad at the Coca Cola multiple language ad?
Are we still under a Law?
Are you a Free Republic Newbie? Then shut your pie hole!
Are you a climate change denier? Well, don't buy shares in Apple says chief executive Tim Cook
Are you ready for the ObamaCare victory lap? (For the seven million sign-ups)
Are you ready for the Viking Apocalypse? Norse myth predicts world will end this Saturday
Area Same-Sex [Lesbian] Couple Denied Communion [Missouri]
Area college tuitions to rise again
Areawide, new vigilance against sex abuse by youth coaches
Aren't All Mormons 'Procrastinating Their Repentance'?
Ares Armor Tactical Store Threatened with Fines & Jail Time for AR-15 Sign
Ares Armor and ATF hearing taken off calendar as more questions emerge
Aretha Franklin: Obama was 'tired' when he misspelled 'R-E-S-P-E-C-T'
Argentina Fines Walmart for Not Stocking Price Controlled Products that Don’t Exist
Argentina Prepares to Go to War Against Britain or Argentines
Argentina economy minister backtracks on details in relaxing some currency controls
Argentina has a severe ketchup crisis and we can help [Attempted satire]
Argentina's Economy Is Cratering, Again
Argentina's Fernandez slams supermarkets for 'price speculation'
Argentina: Capitanich reveals Gov’t offered 22% salary rise to teachers
Argentine congress recommends Pope Francis for Nobel Peace Prize
Argentine leader claims Falklands a NATO nuclear base
Argentines Are Flipping Out Over A McDonald's Ketchup Package Shortage
Argentines jockey to cope with economic turmoil
Argggh – The Propaganda Is Thick On The Mandela Shtick and Historical Re-Writing….
Arguing About Words but Missing the Message: A Meditation on Jesus’ Admonition not to ...
Arguing Over Argument in the Internet Age
Argument over Barry White song causes disturbance
Argument preview: Checking up on gun buyers
Ari Fleischer: Bob Gates' Book A "Betrayal" For Obama, Hillary [Video]
Arianna Huffington announces launch of World Post news website (HuffPo for the globalist elite?)
Ariel Sharon (1928-2014)
Ariel Sharon eulogized by Israeli, world leaders at Knesset
Ariel Sharon had first hand knowledge about Soviet/Russian military intentions and strategies
Ariel Sharon in His Own Words
Ariel Sharon, former Israeli prime minister, dies
Ariel Sharon: His Eye Was Not Dim
Ariel Sharon: Larger Than Life
Ariel Sharon: The End of the Romance
Ariz. Bill Decried As License to Discriminate
Ariz. conservatives accuse McCain of betraying GOP
Ariz. woman accused of trying to poison children
Arizona Bill Targets Discrimination Against Religion
Arizona Detective Resigns After Discovering She Is An Undocumented Immigrant
Arizona Family Group: Gov. Brewer’s Veto Marks ‘Sad Day for Arizonans’
Arizona GOP Censures McCain for 'Liberal' Record
Arizona GOP censures McCain for 'liberal' record
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer Vetoes Controversial Anti-Gay Bill, SB 1062
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer expected to veto 'religious freedom' bill
Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer won't seek reelection
Arizona Gov. Rejects Amnesty for Illegals: ‘How Many Times Do We Have to Go Through This?’ (Video)
Arizona Lawmaker Defends Controversial Religious Freedom Law: 'Pillars of Society Are Under Attack'
Arizona Man Doesn't Have Lifetime Ban From Walmart for Price-Matching
Arizona Nursing Student Sues After Being Suspended for Requesting Instruction in ENGLISH
Arizona Passes Bill Allowing Business Owners to Refuse Service to Gays Based on Religious Beliefs
Arizona School District May Violate State Law to Allow Planned Parenthood Sex-Ed Class
Arizona Senate Committee Passes ’4th Amendment Protection Act’ Designed to Leash the NSA
Arizona Senate Panel Approves Bill to Nullify Federal Gun Laws
Arizona Senate Takes Up Nullification of Federal Gun Laws
Arizona Senate: Business owners can cite religion to refuse service to gays
Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio to House Jailed Vets Together
Arizona Sheriffs Say Border Not Secure as Immigration Reform Looms
Arizona Should Protect Freedom of Association for All
Arizona State Senators Advance Nullification of Federal Gun Laws
Arizona State University (ASU) law prof: SB1062 ‘means almost nothing’
Arizona Town Auctions Guns
Arizona bill calls for restrictions on public school, bathrooms, roads for illegal immigrants
Arizona cedes strip of borderland to Ukraine to force Obama to recognize Mexican border
Arizona deserved better
Arizona governor asked to nix bill angering gays
Arizona governor heads home amid furor over bill
Arizona governor visits Mormon Gilbert temple open house
Arizona governor's veto aimed at own party's right
Arizona jury to consider again death penalty for Jodi Arias in September
Arizona lawmaker accused of racism after racially-charged roast of Sheriff Joe Arpaio
Arizona man banned from Walmart for life for attempting to price-match
Arizona passes bill protecting freedom of business owners who refuse services to same-sex ‘weddings’
Arizona police: Man dies after being shot in Walmart during fight; shooter being questioned
Arizona says “Neigh” to Small Businesses
Arizona sheriff puts inmates on bread and water for desecrating U.S. flag
Arizona's 'Sheriff Joe' Arpaio demands feds pay $38M in profiling case costs
Arizona's 'Sheriff Joe' mulling possible bid for governor, raising millions
Arizona's Rep. Pastor, A Democrat, Won't Seek Re-Election
Arizona, known for US's toughest anti-immigrant law, leaves its past to woo Mexican business
Arizona-California Border crossing on I-10
Arkansas Accidents
Arkansas Grid Attack Suspect Is Indicted
Arkansas Has Constitutional Carry Walks in Russleville and Mountain Home
Arkansas Senate: Cotton (R) 45%, Pryor (D) 40%
Arkansas Travelers introduce new final mascot: "Gary the Rabid Raccoon"
Arkansas man charged with killing a 15-year-old prankster
Arkansas rewards Bill Clinton '42' jersey while honoring 1994 title team
Arlington National Cemetery is 150 Years Old
Arlington National Cemetery lacks funds to hit wreath-laying goal
Arlington man arrested on warrant, taken into custody of immigration officials
Armed American Radio Show (Live Thread)
Armed American Radio with Mark Walters (Live Thread) 3-30-14
Armed Bystander Stops Mass Shooting at Oregon Strip Club – Media Silent (Video)
Armed Defense Against Pirates Works
Armed Fed Agents and Snipers? Nevada Rancher Is Taking on the Gov’t in a Battle at Breaking Point
Armed Man Arrested for Threatening to Kill George W. Bush
Armed Pizza Delivery
Armed Services Chairman McKeon retiring (California Republican)
Armed and opinionated! America's gun owners like you have never seen them
Armed men seize Crimea parliament and hoist Russian flag
Armed men seize police station in eastern Ukraine
Armed men take airport in Ukraine's Crimea, report says
Armed militias hold Libya hostage
Armed pro-government militias wreak havoc on Venezuela protests
Armed robbery case against Woodland Hills quarterback moved to juvenile court
Armed student kills teacher, policeman in Moscow school before being taken into custody
Armed teachers in schools voted down in Colorado legislative committee (Colorado)
Armenia backs Crimea’s right to self-determination
Armenian church in eastern Turkey becomes hayloft after serving as school
Armenian origin Turkish soldier’s murder witness admits altering statement under duress
Arming U.S. agents in Mexico stalling trade agreement
Arming the Mullahs: Boeing and GE given export licenses to sell aircraft components to Iran.
Armored vehicles: Military gives, Utah police take
Arms cache found at Prague home of dead Palestinian envoy
Arms, 400 kilos of explosives seized from Kiev radicals on Crimean border
Army Considers Trading Armor for Speed
Army Eyes New Standards for Women in Combat
Army General Reaches Deal on Sex Counts
Army General Scolded For Email Joking About Masturbating To 'Smoking Hot' Congresswoman
Army Officer Wants You Disarmed: “We Will Pry Your Gun from Your Cold, Dead Fingers”
Army Taps Controversial Generals: What McMaster & Mangum Mean For The Future
Army goes to war with National Guard, seizes Apache attack helicopters
Army looks to relocate Pentagon
Army recruitment fraud bilked taxpayers of tens of millions of dollars
Army retaliates after 20 Pakistan soldiers killed in bomb attack
Army sent in to Venezuelan cities as unrest prompts coup warning
Army to cut up to 4,000 captains and majors
Army's New Laser Weapon Can Shoot Down Mortars and Drones
Army's ban on dreadlocks, other styles seen as offensive to some African-Americans
Army: Don't say Christmas
Army: Don’t say Christmas
Arne Duncan just doesn’t get it: How the media and phony reformers hurt your kids
Arne Duncan: ‘Worth Considering’ Giving Athletes Free Grad School Education
Around the Righty Blogosphere
Arrest made in Plano robbery of Dallas police officer
Arrested woman refused to pay $1000 cab ride from JFK to Mass.
Arrests Spreading Under Nigeria Anti-Gay Law
Arrests expected in snow day (racial) fight
Arrival of ‘bad inflation’ trend bodes ill for Japan’s rebound
Arrow-wielding elves and fiery Smaug amp up action in 'The Hobbit'
Arsenio Sideswipes Fox for Spelling Error: 'When Does Fox News Ever Get Anything Right?'
Art Lovers and Artists: Your Attention Please!
Article V Convention: How ‘Individuals of Insidious Views’ Are Stealing Our Constitution
Article V Convention: Path of Least Resistance
Articles of Impeachment filed against Nixon over action on same-sex tax filing
Artificial Heart 'Jacket' Made on 3D Printer
Artificial cooling tricky topic for climate panel
Artificial leg prompts ‘paedophile panic’ at swimming pool and evacuation of children
Artillery Solutions: Hawkeye 105mm Weapon System (And you can mount it into your truck!)
Artist Says Phil Robertson Is Not a Racist
Artist Transforms Guns To Make Music — Literally
Artist: 'Average Barbie' body shape shorter, wider to show what a real woman looks like
Artists install Monty Python silly walk signs in Norwegian town
Artworks Choked by Artichokes: Bureaucrats Condemn Creative Entrepreneurship
Arundel police officer kills family's dog during search (Maryland)
Arvella Schuller, wife of Crystal Cathedral megachurch's founder, dies at 84
As 'Retirement Gap' Concerns Reach Across Partisan Divide, Senators Propose Savings Solutions
As Advent Ends
As Africans Surge to Europe’s Door, Spain Locks Down
As Bank Deaths Continue to Shock, Documents Reveal JPMorgan Has Been Patenting Death Derivatives
As Benghazi falls, so goes Libya
As Biden Travels in Asia, Children of Chinese Political Prisoners Plead for Administration’s Help
As Bitcoin Infrastructure Booms, Mining Heads to the Data Center
As Bitcoin Transaction Volume Triples Since October, Europe Prepares To Regulate, Tax ...
As Children’s Freedom Has Declined, So Has Their Creativity
As China Looks on, Putin Poses Risky Dilemma for the West
As Countdown Looms, Israel’s Moon Bid Already a Winner
As Feds Say to Stop Using Paper Obamacare Apps, AP Again 'Forgets' That HealthCare.gov Is Not Secure
As George Kennan Inspired Truman’s Foreign Policy, Now Stephen Walt Inspires Obama’s
As Global Debt Soars, Where's The Big Recovery?
As I Have Been Screeching for Years, Timothy Dolan is an Unmitigated ..
As I Lay Dying Singer Admits Hiring Someone To Murder Wife
As Inflation View Shifts, the Fed Might Floor It
As Keystone XL Pipeline Clears One Hurdle, WH Hints at Further Delay
As Mandela gets hero’s farewell, young Afrikaners struggle with a brutal past
As Miller, Waxman leave Congress, Democrats lose the force
As More People Live Longer Why Are Rates of Dementia Falling?
As November disaster looms, Dems forming circular firing squad
As Obama Delays Obamacare Again, Julie Boonstra Strikes Back
As Obama Dismisses Russia As "Regional," It Expands Its Reach
As Obama Whined About Drought In California, the Real Story Comes Out
As Obama hammers ‘income inequality,’ gap grows under his presidency
As Obamacare Deadline Looms, Insurance Companies Pile On The Taxes
As Open Enrollment Deadline Approaches, Insurers Scramble to Give Staffers Support
As Polls Turn Sour Admin Urges Less Media Coverage
As Pope marks first year, Italian archbishop says the ‘new paradigm’ opens Church to homosexuality
As Predicted, ObamaCare Plunges Into 'Utter Chaos'
As Promised, the Limbaugh Take on the Teen Suing Her Baby Boomer Parents
As Russia Swallows Up Crimea… Obama Plans Yet Another Vacation for This Weekend
As Russia growls, Swedes, Finns eye defence options, NATO
As Russian grip tightens, Ukrainian Catholics fear fresh oppression
As Senate campaigns begin, some Democrats flee Obama
As Someone Who Worked At Wal-Mart And Burger King, Don't Raise The Minimum Wage...
As Ted Cruz Predicted: PUTIN EYES ESTONIA – Signals Concern of Russian Minority
As Ukraine tension flares, Russia test-fires ballistic missile
As Wendy Davis touts life story in race for governor, key facts blurred
As West Dithers With Weak Sanctions, Putin Moves On Ukraine
As Windows XP wanes, Windows 8 scoops up users
As a brick-and-mortar retailer, would you let Amazon handle your checkout system?
As benefits expire, long-term unemployed make do with less
As cannabis is widely legalized, China cashes in on an unprecedented boom
As food labels get closer look, ingredients vanish
As historic Middle-East trip nears, Harper may go even further in his staunch support of Israel
As medals slip away, Americans are getting steamed at Sochi Games
As others mark World War One centenary, Germans prefer to forget
As pace of innovation slows, smartphone makers strive to snap out of technology lull
As politicians, bishops take sides, minimum wage raise winners, losers uncertain
As predicted, some who think they're insured under Obamacare apparently are not
As rockets rain down, Liberman calls for IDF to recapture Gaza
As the 2014 campaign is upon us this could easily be a national slogan for conservatives...
As the Cheering Stops
As the Nation Freezes,
As the Obamas Celebrate Christmas, Rituals of Faith Become Less Visible
As the weekend begins let's remember that for some of us the weekend is every day (16 images)
As ties warm, EU Parliament delegation visits Iran
As traffic slumps and teen-oriented stores struggle, retailers suffer worst holiday since 2009
As unemployment benefits end & Obamacare begins, freelancing gains in popularity
As wine fakers get sharper, industry fights back
Ash Wednesday and the Lenten Fast with suggestions for family observance of the season
Ash Wednesday: Choose your Redeemer the time is Now ![charismatic caucus]
Ash Wednesday: Turn Away From Sin and Turn Toward the Lord
Ashley Wagner slams Olympic figure skating judges, calls for change
Ashrawi: Recognizing Israel Like 'Legalizing Racism'
Asia Pivot, With A Flinch
Asia Stocks Extend Rout After US Selloff; Nikkei Dives 4% On Strong Yen
Asia rings in Year of the Horse with fireworks, festivities
Asian immigrants surpass Hispanics as largest wave in America (2012)
Asian shares tumble, yen soars on emerging market anxiety
Asian stocks plunge on poor China, Japan data; China shares hit 5-year low
Asian stocks set for losses on emerging market fears
Asian stocks sink over global economy fears
Asiana Pilot Set Throttles He Didn’t Understand to Idle
Asiana victim who was ran over might have been visible to rescue workers, videos suggest
Asians Who Vote for Democrats
Asimov's 'I, Robot' Soon To Be Reality, No Longer Fiction
Ask R.C. Live: Tonight at 7:30pm EST
Ask R.C. Live: Tuesday, January 21 at 7:30pm EST [Interact W/Great Bible Teacher!]
Ask The White House (Cecilia Munoz and Joe Biden Immigration Chat)
Asking the Right Questions about Pot
Aspen airport shuts down for Michelle Obama ( He vacation golfs in CA )
Assad is there to stay
Assad win may be Syria's 'best option'
Assailants break Jewish teacher’s nose in Paris, draw swastika on chest
Assault on California Power Station Raises Alarm on Potential for Terrorism
Assault rifle inventor Mikhail Kalashnikov dies at 94
Assembly Democrats push to shore up teachers’ retirement fund
Assembly Required: 15 DIY Kit Homes
Assembly bill would require every child in public school to get a psychological test to make sure...
Assembly passes bill that would legalize rubber duck races
Assemblywoman primaries against third-most-liberal Republican (upstate NY)
Assessing President Obama’s Economic Agenda
Assessing Sharon’s Complex Legacy
Assessing the threat of cell-phone guns to law enforcement
Asset Forfeiture Issue Arises With Clause in Human Trafficking Bills
Assisted Suicide Moves Closer as Government Allows Free Vote [UK]
Associates defend man SAFE Act Proponent) who had gun in school
Asteroid Apophis Just Got Supersized
Asteroid Found with Rings! First-of-Its-Kind Discovery Stuns Astronomers
Asteroid Medley Challenges Naturalistic Origins
Asteroid Will Zoom Within Moon's Orbit: Look for It Online
Asteroid threat in 2032? Don't panic, but don't brush it off
Asteroid to hurtle past the Earth at 27,000 mph
Astonishing poll shows 38-year Democratic congressman down 14 points (Rahall)
Astorino Jumps Into N.Y. Governor's Race
Astronaut Hadfield Hopes For Human Moon Base
Astronaut’s Nomination Yanked Over Sex Assault Case
Astronomers confirm discovery of unseen exoplanet [ Kepler-88 ]
Astronomers discover oldest star: Formed shortly after the Big Bang 13. 7 billion years ago
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- 2012 VP113: A New Furthest Known Orbit in the Solar System
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- A Colorful Moon
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- A Hole in Mars
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- A Milky Way Dawn
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- A New Year's Crescent
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- A Particle Beam Jet forms HH 24
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- A Rainbow Pileus Cloud over Zimbabwe
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- A Trip to the Moon
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- A View from the Zone
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Alaska Aurora Sequence
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Alnitak, Alnilam, Mintaka
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Along the Western Veil
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Apogee's Full Moon
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Apollo 17 VIP Site Anaglyph
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- At the Edge of NGC 2174
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Aurora over New Zealand
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Baryon Acoustic Oscillations from SDSS-III
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Bright Supernova in M82
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Cassini Spacecraft Crosses Saturn's Ring Plane
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Clouds and Crescents
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Clouds and Crosses over Haleakala
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Comet Lovejoy Over a Windmill
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Comet Lovejoy over the Great Wall
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Comet Lovejoy through Mörby Castle Ruins
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Cosmic Microwave Map Swirls Indicate Inflation
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Crossing Dingo Gap on Mars
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Daytime Moon Meets Morning Star
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Despina, Moon of Neptune
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Double Cluster in Perseus
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Downtown Auriga
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Equinox on a Spinning Earth
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Everest Panorama from Mars
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Falling to Earth
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- From the Northern to the Southern Cross
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Galaxy NGC 474: Shells and Star Streams
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Gamma Rays from Galactic Center Dark Matter?
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Gamma-Ray Earth and Sky
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Geminid Meteor Shower over Dashanbao Wetlands
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Geminid Meteors over Chile
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Geminid Meteors over Teide Volcano Image
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Gibbous Europa
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Globules in the Running Chicken Nebula
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Habitable Worlds
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- IC 1805: Light from the Heart
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- In the Heart of the Rosette Nebula
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Inside the Eagle Nebula
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Io in True Color
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Jelly Donut Shaped Rock Appears on Mars
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Light Pillars from a Little Planet
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Light Pillars over Finland
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Lovejoy in the New Year
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Lunar Farside
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Lunar Time Lapse Panorama including Yutu Rover
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- M42: Inside the Orion Nebula
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- M44: The Beehive Cluster
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- M78 and Reflecting Dust Clouds
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- M7: Open Star Cluster in Scorpius
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- M83 Star Streams
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Mars Red and Spica Blue
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Mars and Orion over Monument Valley
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Mars near Opposition
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Mars, Ceres, Vesta
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Martian Chiaroscuro
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Martian Sunset
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Melotte 15 in the Heart
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Messier 63: The Sunflower Galaxy
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Micro Moon over Super Moon
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Moebius Arch Moonrise
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Mount Sharp on the Horizon
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- NGC 1333 Stardust
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- NGC 2359: Thor's Helmet
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- NGC 2683: Edge-On Spiral Galaxy
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- NGC 5101 and Friends
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- NGC 6188 and NGC 6164
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- NGC 7293: The Helix Nebula
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- NGC 7331 and Beyond
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Naked Eye Nova Centauri 2013
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Night Hides the World
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Opportunity's Decade on Mars
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Orion Nebula in Surrounding Dust
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Orion and Aurora over Iceland
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Phobos 360
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Planetary Nebula Abell 7
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Polar Ring Galaxy NGC 2685
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Quantum Streampunk Fantasy Fractal Landscape
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Reflections on Planet Earth
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Rocket Streak and Star Trails
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Rocket, Meteor, and Milky Way over Thailand
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- SDO's Multiwavelength Sun
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Seyfert's Sextet
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Sharpless 308: Star Bubble
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Solargraphy Analemmas
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Space Station Robot Forgets Key Again
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Spiral Galaxies in Collision
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Spiral Galaxy M83: The Southern Pinwheel
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Spitzer's Orion
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Star Trails over El Capitan
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Stephan's Quintet Plus One
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Stripping ESO 137-001
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Sun and Prominence
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Sunspot Loops in Ultraviolet
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Sunspot at Sunset
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Antennae Galaxies in Collision
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Bubble Nebula
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Cloudy Cores of Active Galaxies
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Coldest Place on Earth
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Cosmic Web of the Tarantula Nebula
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Gegenschein Over Chile
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Heart and Soul Nebulas
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Horsehead Nebula
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Hydrogen Clouds of M33
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Long Jet of the Lighthouse Nebula
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Missing Craters of Asteroid Itokawa
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Pleiades Deep and Dusty
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Scale of the Universe - Interactive
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Seagull Nebula
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Sun Rotating ;
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Tadpoles of IC 410
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Terraced Night
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The Upper Michigan Blizzard of 1938
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- The View Near a Black Hole
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Three CubeSats Released
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Time-Lapse Auroras Over Norway
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Titan's Land of Lakes
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Tutulemma: Solar Eclipse Analemma
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Two Rings for Asteroid Chariklo
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Warped Sky: Star Trails over Arches National Park
Astronomy Picture of the Day -- Yutu Rover Rolls onto the Moon
Astronomy expert: Meteor likely in Upstate New York, but was it caused by Comet ISON?
Astrophoto: Space Station on [sort of] the Moon
Astrophysicists duo propose Planck star as core of black holes
Asylum Fraud in Chinatown: An Industry of Lies
Asylum Fraud: Deported Multiple Felon Applies Twice, Freed in U.S
Asylum seekers accuse Australia navy of abuse as boat towed to Indonesia
Asylum seekers make case to Israeli people: We are not your enemy
Asylum seekers say they were tricked by navy (Australia)
At (snitch) Sharpton Convention, Fans Dismiss ‘Rat’ Charges
At 30, Catholic Lobby Night draws legislative veterans, greenhorns
At 40 Years Old, Dungeons & Dragons Still Matters
At 400,000 Years, Oldest Human DNA Yet Found Raises New Mysteries
At 49 Percent Support, Obamacare Hits a High
At AIPAC, Senator McCain Slams Obama’s Foreign Policy
At CPAC, Ted Cruz Is the Most Popular Guy in the Room
At Fort Hood, Wrestling With Label of Terrorism
At Last, Walmart Opens in Washington, D.C. - Protestors stay home
At Last, the Season of Hope
At Least 2 Dead in Massive Pile Up in Indiana
At Least 35% Of People Eligible For Obamacare's Medicaid Expansion Have Criminal Histories
At NYU it’s hard to tell American Studies from outright anti-Israel organizing
At Newark Airport, the Lights Are On, and They’re Watching You
At Six Months Obamacare A “Work In Progress”
At SodaStream, Palestinians hope their bubble won’t burst
At South L.A. mall, a Claus with quite an effect
At TT Isle of Man Road Racing
At This Rate, It Will Take 28 Years To Get Everyone Back To Work
At Ukrainian base, standoff turns into circus
At Weekly Exorcisms, Egypt’s Muslims and Christians Unite Against the Demons
At What Point Do People Scream 'Enough'?
At White House, Israel's Netanyahu pushes back against Obama diplomacy
At a prison release party, Nikko Jenkins' gift: a gun
At gun shop, no hint of what ‘polite’ customer would do weeks later at Columbia mall
At heart of Ukraine drama, a tale of two countries
At home, this intervention [Ukraine] looks to be unpopular decisions Putin has ever made.
At least 11 killed, over 100 wounded in big blast in Egypt's Nile Delta
At least 12 students arrested in riots at Michigan State after school football team's
At least 14 dead after (suicide bomb) explosion at Russia railway station, officials say
At least 2 students injured when shots fired into Philadelphia high school
At least 26 killed in Ukraine protests, while pressure mounts on government to end violence
At least 28 dead and 113 injured after gang of knife-wielding men attack a train station in China
At least 3 killed in knife attack at Chinese market
At least 30 arrested as UConn students celebrate NCAA victory
At least 33 dead and 130 injured after gang of knife-wielding men attack a train station in China
At least 4 killed in shooting at Fort Hood; gunman among dead
At least 50 scalded in the US after trying boiling-to-frozen water trick (article and video)
At least five firefighters injured while battling nine-alarm fire in Back Bay
At the End of the Great American Experiment
At the Supreme Court, a royal mess for ‘King Barack’
At the Vatican, It's Obama's Turn... But The Pope's Trip Takes Center Stage
At the end of the day, liberals are all about the money
Atanus wins by slim margin in 9th District GOP race, Williams demands recount
Atbashian in Breitbart: Echoes Of Cold War In Ukraine Debate
Atheism: Voltaire's Vain Boasting And Error
Atheist Bill Maher Claims Pope Wants to 'Bring Down' Catholicism
Atheist Booth Approved for CPAC, Then Yanked by ACU Hours Later
Atheist Group Makes Legal Threats Against Republican Governor Scott Walker For Tweeting Bible Verse
Atheist Group Seeks to Deny Poor Carolina Children of Christmas Gifts
Atheist Group Tells Michigan City Council to Stop Praying on Taxpayers' Time
Atheist Group Threatens to Sue Wisconsin’s Republican Governor Scott Walker
Atheist Symbol Seeks To Overshadow Nativity Scenes
Atheist Turned Christian Character in 'God's Not Dead' Movie Inspired By Real-Life Harvard Doctor
Atheist film critic says 'Philomena' movie is an attack on Catholics
Atheist ‘Noah’ director brags film is least biblical Bible movie ever
Atheists Donate to Former Pastor, Ryan Bell, Who Lost Jobs for Trying Out Atheism for a Year
Atheists Force Woman to Remove Cross Honoring Dead Son
Atheists, work with us for peace, Pope says on Christmas
Atheists/Materialists Are Closet Moral Objectivists
Athens man arrested for beating teen he caught showering with stepdaughter
Atherstone: Burial Place of Arthur-Arthun-Anwn-Andragathius?
Athletes with illegitimate kids
Atlanta (IN) woman shares massive Barbie collection with world
Atlanta Braves accidentally set fire to American flag
Atlanta Braves stadium deal draws tea party ire
Atlanta Mayor Mohammet Kasim Reed in Davos Last Week (vanity)--fiddling while Atlanta froze
Atlanta Snow Jam Proves Citizens can Accomplish What Big Government Can't
Atlanta's 'Snowpocalypse' turned ordinary commutes into chaos, confusion
Atlanta's Problem with White Stuff
Atlanta, DeKalb schools cancel Tuesday classes
Atlanta’s Morris Brown College Down to 35 Students
Atlanta’s ice storm and memories of Winter nightmares gone by
Atlantic City Cop Ordered to Pay $250,000 From Own Pocket to Citizen He Abused
Atlantic Club casino in NJ closing Jan. 13
Atlas 5 rocket ready to loft spy payload, 12 CubeSats
Atmosphere tense at a Google bus stop in San Francisco (loons unhappy property values going up)
Atomic Rooster - Black Snake (live, 1972)
Attack Ravages Power Grid. (Just a Test.)
Attack at Wrong Door Turns Into Fatal Mistake for the Taliban, Reports Say
Attack on electric grid raises alarm
Attacking Consumer Choices through the Tax Code
Attacking Diversity of Thought: To Liberals, 'Diversity' Really Means Intellectual Conformity
Attention Connecticut Gun Owners and Sportsmen - Next Round of Anti-Gun Law Provisions Take...
Attention, Protestors: You're Probably Part of the 1% [$34,000 = richest 1% on a global level]
Attention: Sportsmen in WNC and North Georgia ("Poaching" Entrapment by Wildlife LEO?)
Attitudes Among Southern Baptist Leaders Shifting on Birth Control
Attkisson: How the White House Gets Questions In Advance
Attorney General Eric Holder can't explain constitutional basis for Obama's executive orders
Attorney General Eric Holder disrespects Congress
Attorney General Says Tennessee Can Lawfully Electrocute Inmates
Attorney Generals to HHS: “The Illegal Actions by this Administration Must Stop”
Attorney general [Calif] to challenge ruling on concealed weapons (Gungrabbing)
Attorney: Teacher Seized Christmas Candy Canes, Told Student ‘Jesus Is Not Allowed In School’
Attorneys general call on top U.S. retailers to drop tobacco products
Attrition: Russia Makes It Easier For College Students To Avoid The Army
Attrition: Taiwan And The Enemies Within
Auburn lawmaker draws fire for comments about truck drivers
Audi 2014 Big Game Commercial Doberhuahua
Audi Says Synthetic 'E-Fuel' From Microorganisms Is Better Than Gas Or Diesel
Audio: Howard Stern says “I will never vote Democrat again, they are Communists.”
Audio: Mrs. Mohammed Morsi, Hillary Clinton, and a Possible Conspiracy?
Audit Suggests Voter Fraud Widespread [I know it's hard to tell, but it is satire]
Audit the IRS!
August 7, 2012: Is America ready for another George Bush? (George P. Bush Flashback)
Augusta (GA) VA hospital bans some Christmas carols
Augusta blanketed with anti-Obama art for the Masters
Auroracoin Airdrop: Will Iceland Embrace a National Digital Currency?
Aussie Bank Asks "Will Bitcoin Replace The Dollar?"
Aussie Cops Arrest Muslim Imam for Marrying Off 12-Year-Old Girl
Aussie Flight Disaster Film 'Deep Water' Shelved Over Eerie Resemblance to Missing Malaysia Flight
Aussie raid hits pirates in Arabian Sea: our navy leads the way in crushing the drug barons
Aussy TV Star Kills Self After Depression Triggered by Her Abortion; US Media Ignores Abortion
Austin residents shocked to hear about local priests accused of sexual abuse
Australia Detects Distress Signal in Southern Indian Ocean
Australia confirms A$4 billion P-8A buy
Australia to take lead as rival nation’s investigate Malaysia Airlines plane MH370 disaster
Australia's Dingo Is a Unique Species, Study Shows
Australia's real Commando Paul Cale to teach infantry corps combat
Australia: Drone 'used to carry drugs near prison'
Australia: Snake eats crocodile after battle
Australian (American) pedophile gets 30 years in US jail for abusing Russian-born boy
Australian Foreign Minister Bishop not fazed by Chinese navy exercise
Australian High Court unanimously overturns gay ‘marriage’ law
Australian Icebreaker Rescue Attempts Halted by Weather
Australian Manufacturer Debuts First Cashless Bitcoin ATM
Australian PM threatens to deport asylum seekers if they 'are irritating, spit or swear in public'
Australian Surfer Injured as Dolphin Slams Into Him
Australian TV Star Commits Suicide After Depression Triggered by Her Abortion...
Australian Woman Creates 'Worst Dating Profile in History' With Model Pic as Experiment
Australian court halts gay marriage
Australian court rejects law allowing gay marriage
Australian dolphin that prefers to play with humans than other dolphins
Australian troops going to the Middle East after March this year will be up to $19,000 worse off
Australian war heroes back Tony Abbott’s plans for return to traditional medals for galantry
Australia’s housing bubble ready to burst, US investment guru claims
Australia’s top court recognizes ‘gender neutral’ sex category
Austria to conduct search for secret Nazi nuclear weapon laboratory
Austria: More Leaving Church Under Pope Francis Than Under Benedict XVI
Austrian School Resurgence Reflects Desire for Better Solutions to Economic Malaise
Austrian mayor: Journalists should be hanged like Jews
Austrian town to erect memorial for Canadian bomber pilots
Author Michael Coren on Pope Francis, Orthodoxy, and 'The future of Catholicism'
Author gives controversial dating advice to black women
Author: Hillary Clinton Ordered Attack on David Koresh’s Compound in Waco, Texas
Authorities Ban Anti-Islamophobia Rally in Central Moscow
Authorities ID teen killed in north NJ dog attack
Authorities give yet another timeline for missing Malaysian jet
Authorities say Indiana National Guardsman Stopped For Speeding Had Explosives, Weapons (48 Bombs)
Authorities: 108 People Unaccounted For In Deadly Mudslide
Authorities: Murder Charges Approved for Driver in Crash That Killed Off-Duty Officer
Autism Diagnoses Surge by 30 Percent in Kids, CDC Reports
Autism: Birth hormone may control expression of the syndrome in animals
Auto Trade Group Caves To Obama Race-Mongers
Auto bailout saved 2.6m jobs,$105b in potential lost taxes(No joke,saying this w/ a straight face)
Auto sales: Plug-in electric sales nearly double in 2013
Autocracy, Orthodoxy, and Nationality: Putin Channels Nicholas I
Automakers Wary Of Russia At Geneva Auto Show
Automakers continue to quietly void warranties if you use E-15 gas
Automakers slide on ice in February
Automatic License Plate Readers Targeting Lawful Gun Owners (Maryland)
Avalanche at Crystal Mountain destroys chairlift
Avalanche kills backcountry recreationist on Parkview Mountain in northern Colorado, official says
Average Car Price Affordable Only To Washington, DC Customers
Average Cuban monthly salary rises to $19 [but brain surgeons make a whopping $22 a month]
Average grade at Harvard is A-
Average tax refund more than $3,000 so far
Aviation expert: Missing Malaysia jet was a cover-up (VIDEO ONLY)
Avigdor Eskin: Ukraine is entering a period of unrest (Translation)
Avoid "Tyrannical Imposition" of Western Secular Moral Values, Says Nigerian Prelate
Avoid MSNBC commentary, click to watch SOTU here
Awaiting Execution under Sharia, Catholic Asia Bibi writes to 'Islam is Peace' Pope Francis
Awaiting nat gas's next thrust
Awaiting the City of God
Awesome Youtube Video: Molding a Fire Ant Colony of Molten Aluminum [A Cast of Thousands]
Awesome rifles: The best and the baddest [Gun Porn]
Awesome video: Arlington flyover by civilian pilots
Awesome! Matt Bevin Torches Turtle-Headed RINO Mitch McConnell With New Video – #KeepKentuckyRed
Awesome: Left-Wing UAW Rejected in Chattanooga
Awesome: Pro-Life Feminist Group's Response to Planned Parenthood's "What Women Need" Video
Awesome: TX Republican’s ‘Sassy’ Obama Ad on NFL Sunday
Awful: Disabled Family of Four Slammed By Exorbitant Obamacare Costs
Awkward relations (American president and the Saudi king will have an unusually edgy meeting)
Axeda Expands Connectivity Options for the Axeda Machine Cloud and Internet of Things
Axelrod to Hillary fans: Why are you wasting donations on 2016 when we need them this year?
Axelrod: ObamaCare is totally going to change “the attitude that government can’t do anything”
Ayaan Hirsi Ali Responds To Brandeis University
Ayaan Hirsi Ali Speaks
Ayaan Hirsi Ali responds to Brandeis snub
Ayers: Constitution needs to be replaced
Ayn Rand Reconsidered
Ayn Rand’s Tragic Trajectory
Ayotte to Boehner: Get over 'trust deficit'
Ayotte: Deal cuts military survivor benefits
A’s for Athletes, but Charges of Fraud at North Carolina
B-League Beauty Pageants: 'Miss Gilroy Garlic Festival'!
BACK IN THE U.S.S.R (The Beatles)
BACKFIRE: Governor’s New Media Adviser Compares Gun Rights to Ham Sandwiches?
BACKSTORY Women: Sen. Bob Menendez paid us for sex in the Dominican Republic
BAD Christmas Gifts-
BAD Day at the Gun Range
BAE agrees pricing on Typhoon deal with Saudi Arabia
BANNED: Vanity license plates deemed TOO HOT by Florida
BART: Officer fatality first in agency's history
BATT: Nebraska voters shouldn’t cozy up to Tea Party
BATTLE BELOW ROME IS UNABATED AS GERMANS HAMMER BEACHHEAD; RUSSIANS TAKE KEY RAIL JUNCTION (2/12/44)
BATTLESHIP SCHARNHORST IS SUNK BY BRITISH SHIPS IN ARCTIC FIGHT (12/27/43)
BB gun control: In New Jersey, kids’ rite of passage could mean felony
BBC Free Speech Show Stops Gay Debate After Muslim Objections
BBC Imagine Who's Afraid of Machiavelli
BBC Reporter Reminds Obama About Constitution: ‘The Audacity of Hope Became the Reality of Limits’
BBC Sorry for 'Huck it' Sochi Interview (Censored Term Accidentally)
BBC TV Reporting That Russian Troops Are Digging Trenches At The Land Border
BBC accused of bias on immigration…by its own political editor: Nick Robinson…
BBC caption fail: Welcome to the year of the whores
BBC faces £1MILLION racism lawsuit over Jeremy Clarkson's 'slope' quip on Top Gear Burma special
BBC interviews Chinese and Japanese ambassadors separately to avoid incident
BBC sent 3 TIMES as many staff to cover Mandela death than all rival British broadcasters combined
BBC taking 272 staff to World Cup in Brazil
BBC's six-year cover-up of secret 'green propaganda' training for top executives
BBC: Extreme Pilgrim - Shaolin Monastery
BCS gets its not-so-fond farewell
BCS title tickets selling on the cheap (below face value!)
BDS Leader Posts ‘Overtly Threatening’ Photo to Facebook Violent images, death threats roil
BEAT LAMAR Team Predicts Conservative Groups Will Endorse Joe Carr in Tennessee
BEAUTIFUL LOSERS: Best of 'Miss Lithuania' Runners-Up
BEEP, BEEP, BEEP.. NATIONAL EMERGENCY!.. NUCLEAR LIBERALISM.. EMINENT
BEN SASSE RELEASES "CONSTITUTIONAL MADNESS" BRACKET TO HIGHLIGHT OBAMA'S LAWLESSNESS
BENADOR: AMERICA'S ASSISTED SUICIDE
BENGHAZI COMIX: Is This What Really Happened in D.C.?
BENGHAZI INVESTIGATION:WHERE IS THE STATE DEPARTMENT ACCOUNTABILITY?
BERETTA: Maryland disrespects us and gun owners, so we expand in Tennessee
BERLIN GETS FIRST U.S. BOMBING; EAST GERMANY ALSO ATTACKED; FOE LOSES 3,000 IN ADMIRALTIES (3/5/44)
BETRAYAL: Senate Spending ‘Deal’ Stiffs Wounded Veterans, Rewards Illegal Aliens
BEWARE: Mt. Vernon Assembly is working 24/7 to convene a constitutional convention!
BEWARE: No-Knock SWAT Attacks
BFP Breaking News- Omidyar’s PayPal Corporation Said To Be Implicated in Withheld NSA Documents
BH Interview: 'Duck Dynasty' Star Willie Robertson on Culture War Debate: Bring It On
BHO to conduct Foreign Policy By Consensus
BHP Says US Shale Business To Generate Cash From 2016
BHP chief warns of shale gas reliance (Tree-hugging CEO)
BIG RAF FORCE BLASTS FRANKFORT AS LESSER BLOW SPLITS DEFENSE (12/22/43)
BILBO'S JOURNEY: A CATHOLIC TRAVEL GUIDE TO THE HOBBIT (Dec 5 at 11pm on EWTN)
BILL DE BLASIO TO CLOSE NEW YORK SCHOOLS FOR RAMADAN'S END, CHINESE NEW YEAR
BILL MAHER: REPUBLICANS ARE INSANE AND SICK BECAUSE THEY LOVE GUNS
BILLIONAIRE SOROS VICTIM OF 'KNOCKOUT' PUNCH BY EX-GIRLFRIEND
BIPARTISAN BYPASS: Hick Signs Election Fraud Bill Into Law ( Colorado )
BITE ME: Islamists Threaten British Shop Owners with 40 Lashes for Selling Alcohol
BLACK STUDENT ‘LYNCHES’ TWO WHITE GUYS, CALLS IT ART
BLACKS WANT SUSPECT DESCRIPTION CENSORED
BLAME THE MACHINE? Why Gun Control Sucks and Doesn’t Solve the Problem
BLI-MEA! Putin appoints glamorous blonde Russian...
BLM Pulling Out!
BLM Rangers Brought in From Out of State for Nevada Ranch ‘Emergency’
BLM ends Bundy cattle roundup, citing safety issues
BLM seeking input on sage grouse ( NV, CA )
BLS jobs data will be heavy on the BS
BMW Blocks Hydrant, Boston Firefighters Go Right Through It
BMW Motorrad and Dainese to Cooperate on Motorcycle Apparel Airbags
BMW plans $1 billion expansion in South Carolina
BNSF to invest $5 billion in its railroad in 2014
BOB COSTAS BETS ATHLETES CAN'T BE TRUSTED WITH GUNS
BOEHNER CONFIDANT CASHES IN ON AMNESTY
BOEHNER GOES OFF: Conservative Groups Have 'Lost All Credibility'
BOEHNER MUM ON 'LEGAL STATUS' PUSH
BOEHNER TELLS TEXAS BUSINESS INTERESTS THAT IMMIGRATION REFORM VOTES WILL BE HELD AFTER FILING
BOHICA Act of 2013
BOMBSHELL REPORT: Sen. Harry Reid Behind BLM Land Grab of Bundy Ranch (freerepublic credited)
BOMBSHELL! POPE HOLDS UP AS A MODEL CURIALISTS OF PRE-VCII CHURCH AND HOW THEY FUNCTIONED!
BOMBSHELL: Afghanistan-Iraq Vets Prefer George W. Bush over Obama by Two to One Ratio
BOOM! Anti-Gun Democrat Arrested for Trafficking Guns
BOOM: A Christian Can Be a Christian or a Liberal, But Not Both
BOOM: Franklin Graham, ‘Putin is right’ On Gay Issues, Obama’s ‘Shameful’
BOR defects from fellow conservative pundits, calls Duck Dynasty star's anti-gay remarks ‘a mistake’
BOX OFFICE: ‘Noah’ Rises, ‘God’s Not Dead’ Surprises As Schwarzenegger Brought To Knees
BOYCOTT FIREFOX, rage gay devs as Mozilla appoints JavaScript daddy as CEO
BP Accuses Texas Lawyer of ‘Brazen Fraud’ in Workers’ Claims Over Gulf Oil Spill (Obama fundraiser)
BP Guidelines May Take Millions of People Off Meds
BP and Oman Agree to Jointly Develop a Gas Field, With Bigger Goals in Mind
BP completes refinery upgrade to use more Canadian crude
BP regains ability to do work for government (exempt LA RAT Landrieu jazzed)
BP to split off US onshore oil, gas business
BP, ConocoPhillips announce Gulf of Mexico oil discovery
BREAK UP: Will California splinter into 6 states? Voters, Congress could soon decide
BREAKING NEW VIDEO: Battleground Texas Illegally Copying Voter Registration Data
BREAKING NEW VIDEO: Wendy Davis Supporters, BGTX Mock Greg Abbott’s Disability
BREAKING NEWS: Chris Christie innocent!
BREAKING NEWS: Fla. Congressman to resign after cocaine scandal
BREAKING NEWS: Malaysia Airlines MH370: Australia Detects Distress Signal in Southern Indian Ocean
BREAKING THE DEMS MAGINOT LINE: Black & Latino Leaders in Chicago Switching to GOP
BREAKING! Duck Dynasty Overnight Ratings – Marathon loses 6.4M viewers since last week!!
BREAKING! Viguerie: GOP Leaders Launch a Civil War by Opening Fire on Conservatives
BREAKING: #MH370 Mystery Deepens – Pentagon Bans ALL LEAVE TRAVEL TO DIEGO GARCIA
BREAKING: 100% of 501(c)(4) Groups Audited by IRS Were Conservative
BREAKING: 60 Rockets Hit Israel, IDF Tanks Sent Into Gaza
BREAKING: ABC Apologizes for Story That Connected Mozilla CEO to Hateful Westboro Baptist
BREAKING: AP ... witnesses Crimea self-defense forces storming Ukrainian navy (HQ) in Sevastopol
BREAKING: ATF Raids Ares Armor In Direct Violation of Court Issued Restraining Order
BREAKING: Airspace Over Bundy Ranch Now A No-Fly Zone (NOTAM Issued!)
BREAKING: Artillery Fired From North & South Korea / South Korea Evacuates & Scrambles F-15 jets.
BREAKING: Co-Pilot of Missing Plane Invited Girls Up Front For Entire Flight! – PHOTOS & VIDEO
BREAKING: Committee Votes to Refer Lois Lerner for Possible Criminal Prosecution
BREAKING: DHS is not buying up all the ammunition
BREAKING: Emails Show Lois Lerner Fed True the Vote Tax Information to Democrat Elijah Cummings
BREAKING: Facebook Considering Banning Gun Related Pages
BREAKING: HHS Releases New Obamacare Enrollment Numbers
BREAKING: House Ways and Means Committee Votes to Refer Lois Lerner For Criminal Charges
BREAKING: Intel Group With Source Inside Boeing Says Missing Flight #MH370 Went to Pakistan
BREAKING: Jury acquits Spokane man of shooting fleeing car thief
BREAKING: Justice Sotomayor Blocks Enforcement Of The HHS Mandate
BREAKING: Liz Cheney dropping out of Wyoming Senate race.
BREAKING: Lois Lerner Refuses to Answer Questions Before Congress, Pleads the Fifth Again
BREAKING: Medicaid Expansion in Nebraska Fails Cloture Vote.
BREAKING: Mexico sees Russian gambit in Ukraine as chance for American land grab
BREAKING: Moderate GOP PAC Bankrolled by Labor Unions
BREAKING: NEW JERSEY ACTION SHUTTING DOWN OBAMA’S DEPORTATION QUOTA
BREAKING: New York State Senate Defeats ‘Dream Act’ Financial Aid for Illegal Aliens
BREAKING: No one knows who has paid for Obamacare!
BREAKING: OBAMA COLLEGE RECORDS RELEASED-FINANCIAL AID AS A FOREIGNER! [Real??? Hoax???]
BREAKING: Obama Administration Caught Giving FREE High Tech Military Equipment to Russia
BREAKING: Obama Did Not Hold One-on-One Meeting With HHS Secretary Sebelius for Over 3 Years (Video)
BREAKING: Planned Parenthood planning new abortion clinic in Texas
BREAKING: Red Hot Chili Peppers: We Faked Our Super Bowl Performance
BREAKING: Scientists say dogs align along earth’s north-south axis when pooping
BREAKING: Senate Votes to Block Nomination of Cop Killer Advocate Debo Adegbile
BREAKING: Trey Radel Resigning From Congress
BREAKING: Two Suspect Iranian Passengers on Flight MH370 Identified – Roommate Interviewed
BREAKING: Utah Democrat Jim Matheson Won't Seek Re-Election in 2014
BREAKING: Utah legislators move to kill NSA data center
BREAKING: Video of Renee Ellmers Berating Anti-Amnesty Constituents (North Carolina)
BREAKING: Warren Buffett Buys WPLG! [Democrat Owns ABC Station in Miami, Florida]
BREAKING: White House Admits Democrats Will Lose the Senate
BREAKING: Why Are 8 Democrats Sponsoring A Bill to Eliminate the Death Penalty for Treason?
BREAKING: Yellowstone’s Supervolcano Belly Rumbling
BREAKING—Texas LT. Governor: Investigate Battleground Texas Immediately
BREITBART TO CO-HOST 'THE UNINVITED II: THE NATIONAL SECURITY ACTION SUMMIT' DURING CPAC
BRICS rejects sanctions against Russia over Ukraine
BRIGHT EMERGES AS TOP THREAT TO LINDSEY GRAHAM: GRAHAM'S NUMBERS CONTINUE TO TANK
BRINGING SERBIA BACK TO HER GREATNESS
BRITAIN BARS TRAVEL TO IRELAND (3/13/44)
BRITAIN FIRST CONFRONTS HATE PREACHERS IN LONDON
BRITISH REPEL NAZI TANK ATTACKS; KWAJALEIN ISLAND IS CAPTURED (2/6/44)
BRUCE: Obamacare isn’t a train wreck, it’s a cancer
BSA closer to gay leadership, Easley says
BTC-e Enables Fund Withdrawals Using MasterCard and Visa Cards
BTTT! FR Needs Your Help TODAY! Working on the last $4k! [FReepathon Thread XL]
BUDGET 2014: Welfare spending will be capped at £120billion
BUDGET 2015: Ukraine Crisis Not Disrupting Russian Soyuz Flights, NASA Admin Says
BUDGET DEAL SPARKS REVOLT - The Mount Vernon Assembly's emphatic No!
BUILDING THE MACHINE - The Common Core Documentary - MUST SEE!
BUSH HOPES LATINO KIN’S TV SPOTS AD UP TO VOTES (George P Flashback 2000)
BUSTED: Wendy Davis’ Staff Caught on Tape Making Fun of Greg Abbott for Being Paralyzed
BUTLER: REMINGTON’S NY EGRESS SIGNALS EMPIRE STATE CLOSING FOR BUSINESS
BUYER’S REMORSE: 71% of Democrats Regret Voting for His Reelection
Babe Heffron - R.I.P.
Babies Aborted in NYC in 1 Yr Would Fill Super Bowl Stadium
Babies Are Murdered Here—41 Years of Roe v. Wade [Video]
Babies are special
Baby Boomers Give Up, Drop Out of U.S. Labor Force
Baby Born Outside on Sled in Philly
Baby Food Recipes- Make Your Own Baby Food
Baby Food Recipes- New Website
Baby Found Nearly Starved To Death By Lazy Parents Will Make Your Blood Boil
Baby Jesus Figurine Stolen From Valencia [California] Nativity Display
Baby Jesus Stolen From Two Nativity Scenes
Baby Saved From Late-Term Abortion When Car Dies on the Way to the Clinic
Baby Steps on the Road to Fusion Energy
Baby delivered alive after snow-clearing vehicle kills pregnant mother
Baby number seven on way for Rep. Duffy
Baby's first ballot! George P. Bush debuts son Prescott
Baby, It’s Cold Outside: Deep freeze and hard data refute “global warming”
Baby-faced teen suspected in Target data breach that hit 110M
Babylon Has Fallen or The Demise of the New World Order
Bachmann Says US Jews are Selling Out Israel
Bachmann explains why God blessed America
Bachmann says House preparing to sue Obama for overreach: ‘He’s not a king’
Bachmann, King and Gohmert tour Egypt, Lebanon and Libya (Tea Party)
Bachmann: If Immigrants Were Conservative, Obama Wouldn’t Want to Give Them ‘Amnesty’
Bachmann: Obama's Legacy Is 'Establishment Of Lawlessness In United States'
Bachmann: Obama’s Legacy Is ‘Establishment of Lawlessness in the United States’
Back Bay (VA) Feral Hogs Running Wild
Back by Popular Demand: Tyranny
Back in the USSR?
Back to Work
Back to the '30s: The Great American Retreat
Back to the Future? Obama, the Internet and America’s Return to Panama
Back-to-back Eden Prairie attacks start with man assaulted, robbed in Life Time Fitness
Backfire: Instead of whitewashing NSA surveillance, Obama’s handpicked review panel urges change
Background checks for gun buyers to be studied (NH gun-grab)
Backgrounder: A History of Recent Jihad in Russia
Backlash over affirmative-action bill surfaces in Legislature, election
Backyard swimming pools should be banned (Australia)
Bacon World (Yum, Yum)
Bacon: Under O'Brien, Penn State's future is bright
Bad News for Cornyn: Early Voting Numbers Down in Texas (Vanity)
Bad News for Cornyn: Texas ranks 48th in voter turnout (Vanity)
Bad News for U.S. Warplane Pilots: Russia’s New Dogfighting Missile Can’t Miss
Bad dog! Car fanatic gives his pet dog away after she chews a HOLE...
Bad dog, Sunny! The moment Obama's new pup knocked over a little girl...
Bad luck: Same family killed in Syria by Assad and by IDF bombing in Gaza
Bad marketing move: Planned Parenthood sells baby onesies
Bad news: Bertha is damaged [Seattle's single core tunneling excavator]
Bad news: “Pajama Boy” not exactly a hit with target audience
Bada Bing! Chris Christie’s team accused of ‘mafia-esque’ rule over New Jersey
Badly Thrown Shoe Barely Misses Hillary [Satire]
Baffling 400,000-Year-Old Clue to Human Origins
Bag of pot found in pants donated to Pa. charity
Baghdad: Christmas Bombing Targets Iraqi Christians
Bags of Mountain Air Offered in Smog-Addled Chinese City
Bahrain arrests 4 for 'religious insult' on Instagram
Bailing Out Health Insurers and Helping Obamacare
Bailing Out Health Insurers and Helping Obamacare (We all knew this was coming)
Bake Us a Cake, or Else! : Marriage laws should not treat religious believers as bigots
Baker says he’d rather go to jail after judge orders him to bake cakes for gay ‘weddings’
Bakery apologizes for making bad taste cookies with Oscar Pistorius messages
Bakken Crude, Rolling Through Albany
Balanced budget convention gains steam as congressman calls for official evaluation
Balancing Ride-on-Demand Innovations with Common Sense Consumer Protections
Balancing the Budget? Or Adding a National Sales Tax to the Income Tax?
Balancing the annual budget and tax reform ___ Tea Party candidates need to have concrete solutions!
Bald Eagle Camera
Bald Eagles are nesting on all three of Pittsburgh's major rivers!
Bald eagle fends off raccoon from nest
Ballot Suggestions by NETTP Leadership (NO to George P. Bush, YES to David Watts)
Ballsy Sheriff Slays Dictatorship In Jackson County FEDS will never disarm Americans in this county
Baltimore City, You’re Breaking My Heart
Baltimore Man Charged After Shooting 3 People In 2 Separate Incidents
Baltimore's Archbishop Lori joins lawsuit against HHS mandate
Baltimore's people of the woods: Inside the hidden homeless camps made of milk crates, wooden doors
Bama fan goes crazy on OU student [youtube video]
Ban All the Things: Man Perfectly Ridicules City Council's Gun Control Meeting
Ban Bossy Hypocrites
Ban Bossy, No Way
Ban Bossy: The Latest Progressive Bullcrap
Ban of Quran Translation Overturned, Easing Fears of Unrest
Ban on Girl's Mistletoe Sales Sparks Nationwide Orders
Ban on trans fats would be boon for canola growers
Ban the Redskins? Why stop there?
Band Dedicates Bomb-Related Song to Boston, Apologizes Via Facebook
Band of Mothers speaks out about Lone Survivor and Marcus Luttrell
Bang! Payday for man suing cops over guns
Bangert: Shooting at childhood school creates conflicted feelings about guns
Bangladesh Buys Russian Combat Training Jets Worth $800M
Banished for Questioning the Gospel of Guns (consider the source)
Banjo Paterson's Waltzing Matilda Not Worth a Quid
Bank Run Fears: Customers Being Forced to Provide Evidence For Why They Need Cash
Bank Run Full Frontal: Ukrainians Withdrew 7% Of All Deposits In Two Days
Bank manager, fired after carrying gun into work, files suit
Bank of America Mailer Calls Bay Area Woman a "Slut"
Bank of America to Pay $6.3 Billion to Settle Mortgage Securities Suit
Bank of England Drops a Bombshell on Parliament: It Shredded Its Crisis Era Records
Banker Who Helped Crash Housing Market Helped Crafting Mortgage Reform
Banker leaps to his death in finance world’s 8th suicide this year
Banking Trojan Caphaw is being distributed through Youtube ads!
Bankrupt California City Votes Pro-Union Politicians Out of Office
Bankruptcy In The USSA: Detroit Bondholders About To Be GM'ed In Favor Of Pensioners
Bankruptcy is a convenient solution for [catholic] church
Banks Are Obsolete: The Entire Parasitic Sector Can Be Eliminated
Banks Failed But So Did Government; Saved Each Other at Your Expense
Banks Say No to Marijuana Money, Legal or Not
Banks warned they risk prosecution if they follow Obama admin. guidance on marijuana
Banned from Facebook for insulting Muslims
Banned in the British Library: You can check out Hamas’s websites, but not the Middle East Forum’s
Banned — milk, yogurt, chocolate, cheese, eggs: Are allergy-based food bans no longer reasonable?
Banned: Woman’s Photo Rejected from Beauty Contest Because Of Handgun: “Inappropriate Content”
Banning Officials Mum About PD Acquisition of Armored Vehicle and Costly Crash
Banning the American Flag and 'Reconquista'
Banning the criminal checkbox could put vulnerable at risk
Baptist Preacher Arrested For Wife's Murder
Baptist convention in Kentucky uses guns giveaway to ‘point people to Christ’
Baptists Seriously Discussing Robert Jeffress' Claim that Obama's Paving the Way for the Antichrist
Baptizing the Culture
Bar boycotts Sam Adams after pullout
Bar-Lev: Obama is a true Friend of Israel
Barack "Don Quixote" Obama
Barack "Pinocchio" Obama
Barack & Michelle = Future Wedding Crashers?
Barack Fighting Vlad on land, but paying him $424 million for space travel
Barack Hussain's Legacy: Top 10 Greatest Achievements and Lessons to the World
Barack Hussein Obama Will Be Remembered As One of Our Greatest Presidents
Barack Hussein Soebarkah: In Two Places at the Same Time?
Barack Hussein Soebarkah?
Barack Obama Defends NSA Agents: Your Neighbors and Friends (Video)
Barack Obama Dismisses the IRS Scandal as Faux Outrage
Barack Obama Golfs With Alonzo Mourning During Florida Keys Vacation
Barack Obama Has Destroyed Our Values.
Barack Obama Is President Because He is Black
Barack Obama Knows Now What It’s Like to Give a Speech Where Only One Man Claps
Barack Obama Sucks...at Being a Macho Man
Barack Obama extends international space station operation until 2024
Barack Obama the "next messiah" (A different interview)
Barack Obama's 'hard-working American' is actually a London Overground commuter
Barack Obama's 12 Days of Christmas
Barack Obama's Constant State of Cognitive Dissonance
Barack Obama's Facebook Look Back
Barack Obama's Presidency Is A Complete Failure By His Own, Self-Imposed Standards
Barack Obama's first visit to Brussels to cost Belgium more than ($12M)
Barack Obama's first visit to Brussels to cost Belgium more than €10m
Barack Obama's success in South Africa cannot mask the failure at home
Barack Obama, Political Wrecking Ball
Barack Obama, Ta-Nehisi Coates, Poverty, and Culture (Paul Ryan & Obama)
Barack Obama... A nightmare come true
Barack Obama: The greatest threat to press freedom in a generation
Barack Obama: You can call it ‘Obamacare’
Barack Obama: the Second Lady of the United States
Barack Obama: ‘Everybody hates me’
Barack Obama’s Got A Rosy Take On Palestinian Leader Mahmoud Abbas
Barack Obama’s Tale of Two Americas
Barack Uses ObamaCare to Keep Seniors in Pain and Die Earlier
Barack and Michelle’s family life is falling apart
Barack and Mooch no longer a loving DC couple?
Barack and Vladimir Face Off Over The Ukraine
Barack gives Michelle a magnificent birthday present
Barack ‘Adam Smith’ Obama?
Barack's busted bracket (Michigan St loses)
Barack-etology: Basketballer-in-Chief Picks Hardwood Haves to Feast on Have-Nots
Barack: So Much Left to Destroy, So Little Time!
BarackObama reportedly planning #obamacare plan cancellation delay…
Barack’s Big Lie Taints All Who Touch It
Barbara Boxer: Why no Viagra complaints?
Barbara Branden, RIP
Barbara Bush confesses: 'I love Bill Clinton'
Barbara Bush relents a bit on 2016: ‘Maybe it’s ok’ if another Bush run
Barbara Bush reveals close friendship: ‘I love Bill Clinton’
Barbara Bush to be discharged from hospital
Barbara Bush: Oval Office not limited to political dynasties
Barbara Walters Assumed Obama Was A Messiah?,Well How About Lauren Caitlin And PC Matic Girl?
Barbara Walters Decries Presidents Swearing Oath on Bible
Barbara Walters Discovers That Obama Isn't The Messiah
Barbara Walters announces retirement date (Over 50 Years in the business)
Barbara Walters on Obama: ‘We Thought He Was Going To Be The Next Messiah’
Barbecue eatery owner, segregationist Maurice Bessinger dies at 83
Barber: Further military reductions would be 'foolish'.
Barbour-Backed Super Lobbyists Circle the Wagons to Protect Big Spender Thad Cochran
Barcelona university invents tool for measuring hate speech
Barclays Fires 12,000; Reports Horrible Earnings, Awards Itself Bigger Bonuses
Barclays account details for sale as 'gold mine' of up to 27,000 files is leaked
Barclays to shake up investment bank: Thousands of jobs cuts expected
Barf! Subtle Distortion in Universe's Oldest Light: Swirls in Remnants of Big Bang
Barge firm faces long legal haul{Houston Ship Channel spill}
Baristas hope packing pistols will discourage robberies ( WA )
Barnes & Noble TV Spot, 'Holiday Gift Ideas' Featuring Jack McBrayer
Barnes & Noble to discontinue Windows Nook app
Barney Frank Joining CNBC
Barnicle Calls Palin a 'Moron'
Barometric Pressure: When did it become MB's?
Barr picks up Arpaio endorsement, blasts GOP immigration blueprint
Barrasso Wants To Use Wyo. Gas As Weapon Against Russia
Barron Blasts de Blasio and Progressive Caucus ‘Masters’
Barry Goldwater versus the RINOs
Barry Jackson obituary: Actor best known playing pathologist George Bullard in Midsomer Murders
Barry Rubin, Middle East scholar, dies at 64
Bars, Restaurants Could See 280 Percent Increase in Costs With Minimum Wage Ballot Proposal
Bart Stupak: I got double-crossed on the contraception mandate
Barter Goods
Bartholomew Convokes the Primates of the Orthodox Churches [for Pan Orthodox Synod]
Bartholomew’s Offensive Against “Localism” and “Self-Marginalisation”
Bartholomew’s offensive against “localism” and “self-marginalisation”
Baseball "Practice" Shape
Baseball Opening Day ( well, sort of..) thread..your team still has a chance...
Bashar Assad praises Nelson Mandela, says hero’s life serves as lesson to ‘oppressors’
Bashar al-Assad Sends Private Message to Pope Francis
Basic problem solving too hard for German kids
Basketball player with Down syndrome wows crowd
Basketball player with Down syndrome wows crowd (amazing, watch what happens)
Bass Pro Shops sued for ‘a worthless class’ on concealed carry
Basset hound clown car...incredible!
Bath time? I've got it licked: Hoover the cat gives baby a good wash with his tongue
Batkid Segment Cut from Oscars Telecast
Batkid Throws First Pitch at Giants Home Opener; Draws Praise, Criticism
Batman TV Show Is Coming to DVD
Batman and Superman vs. Taxpayers
Baton Rouge police arrest two teens in beating death
Baton Rouge police arrest two teens in beating death [Knockout Game]
Battenfeld: Hack displays her ignorance
Battenfeld: Wild West shoots down Hillary Clinton and Elizabeth Warren
Battier latest from Heat to pitch Obama health-care program [NBA Promotes Slavery to Gov't]
Battle Against Obama’s HHS Mandate is a True Battle for Religious Liberty
Battle Over World Trade Center Cross Goes to Court
Battle Plan for Climate Change: How to Cut Greenhouse Gases
Battle for Congress: Bad News for Democrats Leading Up to Important 2014 Midterm Elections
Battle forms over new law on detention of migrants
Battle of the real super 'Bowls': Puppy vs. Kitten
Battle over NFL's Tax-Exempt Status Focuses Attention on Sports Crony Capitalism
Battle over presidential recess appointments heads to Supreme Court
Battle stations! Navy scrambles destroyer to challenge Russian warship off British coast
Battleground Polls and Conservative Strength: Liberals will have to try very hard to spin this one
Battling antiquity: The Army’s siege within
Battling cancer again, Sen. Tom Coburn may cut short his term
Baucus successor coming soon?
Bavarian Town Rejects Anti-Hitler Vote
Bay Area Doctors Donate Prosthetic Arms to Egyptian Woman
Bay Area Spare The Air Alert On Christmas Eve, Wood Burning Banned
Bay Area Ukrainians Concerned With Russian Military's Move
Bay Area Ukrainians Urge U.S., World to Intervene With Russia
Bay Area protests of tech-worker buses highlights pay, rent inequities
Bay Bridge's new problem: leaks
Bayern Munich Knocks Manchester United Out Of The Champions League
Bayern beat Raja to win Club World Cup, 5th trophy
Be Careful With Your "Amen"
Be Clear About The Mark of The Beast
Be Clothed in the Beauty of Holiness! A Meditation on the Virtues in Colossians 3
Be My Sword of Light for others but do it in Love ![charistmatic caucus]
Be Optimistic: Obamacare and Global Warming Rejected in Florida Election
Be Strong, Be a Man
Be Thankful for “Diminished Productivity” in Washington
Be kind. Now.
Be prepared: Wall Street advisor recommends guns, ammo for protection in collapse
Beachy Head Lady was young sub-Saharan Roman with good teeth, say archaeologists
Beale’s crimes show fraudulent nature of EPA (32 months behind bars)
Beam of darkness makes objects invisible from a distance
Beaming President and Michelle are all smiles after returning from their weekend getaway ...
Beaming President and Michelle are all smiles after returning from their weekend getaway at $2,500..
Beans.....(vanity)
Bear Bryant's grave:fans' never-ending pilgrimage to remember their coach
Beards and Plagues and Locusts for Obamacare
Bears' Melton arrested after bar altercation(Another millionaire NFL player busted for thuggery)
Beating caught on cell phone and posted to Facebook, one suspect arrested
Beating the Spring Break Status Quo
Beatlemania: A moment in time never to be repeated
Beatles 1963 rarities released
Beaton: Is Obama a Manchurian?
Beau Biden defends the judge who gave a du Pont heir probation after admitting to sexually assault
Beaumont police cite man dressed as banana carrying AK-47
Beautiful Doggie "Sadie"; Badly Injured by Trap
Beautiful Existence eats only Starbucks for a year
Beautiful Peaceful Kittens
Beauty queen shot in front of 4-year-old daughter
Beavers pulls health care bill (Tennessee anti-Obamacare bill)
Because it's Sunday, here's 25 fun and creative Christian memes
Beck's Betrayal (Vanity)
Becoming Human [Sermon on Genesis 1]
Becoming the Party of Work
Bedouin Princess
Bedtime for Obama
Bee Deaths Reversal: As Evidence Points Away From Neonics As Driver, Pressure Builds To Rethink Ban
Bee For Jesus
Beef Prices Surge Most In A Decade As Food Inflation Soars
Beef prices hit all-time high in U.S.
Beef prices hit record high
Beef prices reach highest level since 1987
Beer Bottle Trick at 2500fps - The Slow Mo Guys [video only]
Beer Domesticated Man
Beer brewers push back against proposed FDA rule restricting use of old grains
Beer fridge gives free brews to Canadian Olympians at Sochi
Beer marinade lowers cancer risk in grilled meats, study says
Beer-Drinking Dog Pic Leads to Two Arrests
Beers, Bagels and Zombies: Surviving Las Vegas with Bitcoin
Before And After: Kiev’s Independence Square After Ukrainian Riots
Before Commencing to Imbibe, Know Your Leprechaun Name...
Before Noah: Myths of the Flood Are Far Older Than the Bible
Before O-Care debacle, Sebelius made many trips to White House
Before We Leap
Before You Abort Your Child - Watch 22 Weeks
Before You Dig: 8 Snow-Shoveling Tips (Bloated Government Barf Alert!)
Before You Go to Court, Ask the Witchdoctor, Says Kenya's Top Judge
Before and After: Photos Show Mudslide's Destruction [60 Miles N.E. From Seattle]
Before long, New York’s Bill de Blasio will be a major embarrassment to Democrats
Before you share photos online, watch this video
Begging for forgiveness, the riot police blamed for dozens of deaths in Kiev:
Begich (D-AK) Skips Unemployment Vote to Speak to Execs in Hawaii
Begich continues to hold small leads for reelection
Beginning (Lent) with the Four Last Things
Behind The Weird, Embarrassing, Vaguely Pathetic Obamacare Battle Over Twentysomethings
Behind the Preplanned Oscar Selfie: Samsung's Ad Strategy
Behind the White House's ObamaCare Dodges (Karl Rover)
Behind the scenes of a dramatic debt vote
Beholden to Billionaires: Harry Reid is a hypocrite when it comes to campaign finance
Beijing air pollution at dangerously high levels
Beijing hotel workers already 'fed up' with Obama entourage
Beilin: Rabin Fought With 'Settlers' For the Sake of It
Being gay IS in your genes, say scientists in controversial new DNA study
Being gay may be in the DNA, researchers say
Being together Crimea and Russia will solve all pressing tasks, Putin says
Belarus to make efforts to normalize Ukrainian-Russian relations
Belated Medal of Honor for 24 Soldiers Overlooked Due to Race
Belfast City Council to Invite Pope Francis to the City
Belgian Gift to Obama- Gingerbread: Better than Belgian “chocolate” or a “lace doily”…no?
Belgian Newspaper Under Fire for Depicting President & Mrs. Obama as Monkeys (Link only)
Belgium Child Euthanasia 'Opens Door None Can Shut'
Belgium Parliament passes law allowing children to be euthanized
Belgium bans a wide range of sexist speech
Belgium set to extend right-to-die law to children By
Belgium shut to new citizens in 2013
Belgium's humane stance on dying kids (True Colors of Liberalism Alert)
Belgium's parliament votes through child euthanasia
Belgium: Senate Approves Measure Allowing Doctors to Euthanize Children
Belgium’s ban on sexist insults
Belichick on Wes Welker: 'It was a deliberate play ... to take out Aqib'
Bell Helicopter Announces New Assembly Facility
Belligerent Russia Could Deny U.S. Access To Space
Belyakov: A Legend Passes On (Mig designer)
Belzec: The Forgotten Camp
Ben Affleck Says He 'Probably' Wouldn't Like Someone if They Voted Republican
Ben Affleck on Republican Actors: 'I Probably Wouldn’t Like This Person If I Met Him'
Ben Affleck: 'Big Republican' Actors Are Hard to Watch
Ben Affleck: I can't watch 'big Republican' actors
Ben Carson Compares Condoleezza Rice To Trayvon Martin
Ben Carson emerges as sleeper threat in N.H. Republican Party event straw poll
Ben Carson, family and friends target of IRS harassment for criticizing Obama
Ben Carson: Obama officials 'acting like Gestapo'
Ben Sasse Has Momentum in Nebraska
Ben Sasse Releases 'Constitutional Madness' Bracket to Highlight Obama's Lawlessness (NE Senate)
Ben Sasse Unites Conservatives, But Runs Afoul of Mitch McConnell
Ben Shapiro Crashes UCLA Divestment from Israel Hearing, Resolution Defeated 7-5
Ben Shapiro OUT at Breitbart News
Bend PD lieutenant resigns amid sex scandal
Beneath Yellowstone, a volcano that could wipe out U.S.
Beneath the Islamic Republic of Iran’s Charm Offensive
Benedict Defends Francis
Benedict XVI Still in the Service of St. Peter, Colleague Says
Benedict XVI “defrocked” 384 clerics in 2 years. Liberal praise to follow…. maybe? (when pigs fly*)
Benedict XVI. Penned a Critique of Francis Interview
Benedict XVI: 'It Was Clear John Paul II Was a Saint'
Benedict's Peculiar Record on Pedophile Priests
Benedictine Monks from Oklahoma Become Missionaries to the Irish Church
Benefits Britain here we come! Fears as migrant flood begins
Benefits Ending for One Million Unemployed
Benefits Of Carbon Use Far Outweigh Its Costs
Benefits cheats will have cars, computers and TVs seized by bailiffs.
Bengals seek to end 23-year playoff drought, take on Chargers
Benghazi - What Difference Does It Make?
Benghazi 9/11 Whitewash - Rep Trey Gowdy Responds To NY Times Article
Benghazi Bombshell: Help Denied – The Inside Job
Benghazi Muslim Who Torched Seattle Gay Bar: “I’m Terrorized in My Own Land and I’m the Terrorist?”
Benghazi Report Is Another Stinging Blow For Hillary
Benghazi Ruining Liberals Deal With She-Devil Hillary
Benghazi Saga Continues – Did the “End Really Justify the Means?
Benghazi Victims’ Families Demand Real Investigation
Benghazi commando awarded DSC
Benghazi e-mail finally answers the basic questions: Who knew what, when?
Benghazi explained: Hillary may as well have killed them herself
Benghazi guards refused to protect Americans fleeing compound
Benghazi lives:media congratulates Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton for successfully deceiving them
Benghazi whistleblower faults Senate Intelligence panel for leaving his testimony out of report
Benghazi – The Signs of Al Qaeda
Benghazi, Libya, has become training hub for Islamist fighters
Benghazi: Judge Jeanine Pirro Utterly Destroys Hillary Clinton
Benghazi: Judge Jeanine smackdown of Hillary Clinton
Benghazi: Obama Administration Lied Before They Lied
Benghazi: The Complete Obama Timeline
Benghazi: The New York Times vs. the Truth
Benghazi: They knew it was an attack within minutes
Benghazigate: Where are the Drone Videos?
Benicia Teacher Faces Poisoning Charges Over Marijuana-Laced Food
Benjamin Netanyahu Under Fire for Not Bowing Down to Mythical Idol Nelson Mandela
Bennett Tells Kerry Jerusalem Building 'No Poof'-they tried with 'poofs', 'booms', explosives
Bennett dismisses land swaps with Palestinians for peace, security
Bennett threatens to bolt if Kerry proposals are accepted
Bennett: Jews in ‘Palestine’ would be killed
Beretta Passes on Building Factory in VA over McAuliffe Gun Control Stance
Beretta USA Chooses Tennessee for New Factory
Beretta USA Plans $45 Million Manufacturing Plant-Research Center In Gallatin, Tennessee
Beretta doesn’t bluff: Moving production to Tennessee
Beretta won’t move [from Maryland] to Virginia due to Terry McAuliffe’s gun-control agenda
Bergoglio, the General Who Wants to Win without Fighting
Berkeley students must tweet on Islamophobia
Berlin Wall Anniversary/"Rockin' the Wall" in your town
Berlin launches first city web domain name
Bernanke Leaves Fed with Record Balance Sheet of $4,102,138,000,000
Bernanke says economy poised for growth
Bernie Almighty - A Snark (Vanity)
Bernie Kunkel leaves Rand Paul's staff to join Matt Bevin's campaign team against McConnell
Bernie Madoff Recovering From Heart Attack, Battling Kidney Cancer As He Rots in Federal Prison
Bernie Madoff speaks: Politics, remorse and Wall Street
Bernie Sanders Versus Citizens United
Berta Soler, Leader of Peaceful Dissident Group in Cuba Arrested Upon Her Return to Havana Today
Bertha may be on hold until summer for complicated repairs
Bertha woes frustrate the state; investigators head underground
Berwick campaigns for gov in Fitchburg
Beshear: Affordable Care Act issue could boomerang and hurt critics in November 2014
Best Buy cutting 2,000 managers
Best Buy says holiday sales fall; shares tumble (down 30% in premarket trading)
Best Creation News of 2013: Astronomy
Best Creation News of 2013: Human Origins
Best Super Bowl Commericals? (vanity)
Best and Worst Comic Strips?
Best and Worst Remakes?
Best of the Web: 3D Printing Web Sites
Best of the blotter: Under the influence (Kingsport, TN 2013 Police Reports)
Best, Brightest and Rejected: Elite Colleges Turn Away Up to 95%
Best, worst commercials of Super Bowl XLVIII
Best-Performing Cities 2013
Best-Selling Author Kevin Trudeau Gets 10 Years In Prison For Massive Deception
Bestiality Now Illegal in Sweden
Bestiality one step closer to being a crime in Alabama
Betrayal in Benghazi
Betrayal of America’s Vets
Betrayed by the President and ObamaCare
Betrayed: The shocking true story of Extortion 17
Betraying The Best To Pander To The Worst
Better Buckle Up! 10 Worst State for Drivers in U.S.
Better Than Liberal FDR, LBJ or JFK? You'll Never Guess Ed Schultz's Favorite President!
Better than Sochi
Betting big on a citadel for the Afghan elite
Between Two Americas (VIDEO-D'Nesh D'Souza with guest Barack Obama)
Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis: President Barack Obama
Between humanity and God: the violence of Noah (Movie)
Bevin calls on voters to demand debate with McConnell ahead of primary
Bevin goes on attack with anti-McConnell radio ads
Bevin hits McConnell for debt limit increase
Bevin hits McConnell for not backing O-Care repeal
Bevin offers ... explanations ... on 2008 report; Responds to Paul's credibility comment
Bevin wants new blood in Washington
Bevy of gun-control bills shot down in Virginia House
Beware Educational Hysteria: How many super-smart people are necessary for a nation's prosperity?
Beware Of The 5 lb. Bag Of Sugarless Gummy Bears (Truncated)
Beware One Ring Phone Scam
Beware The Internet of Things
Beware an unchecked president (in LA Times!)
Beware of Democrats Promising to 'Fix' ObamaCare
Beware of Precious Metal Bamboozlement
Beware of Roma Downey
Beware of all foods from China!
Beware of the bro hitting on your mom ( IL )
Beware the Government’s High-Tech Nose
Beware the Left-Wing-Funded "Main Street" Republicans
Beware the Russian Bear: The wily predator has fooled the U.S. over and over and over
Beware the Tech Bubble—But Stay Calm
Beyonce Sticks It to Target, Drops $37,500 on Walmart Gift Cards
Beyonce and Kelly Rowland Join Fans at Karaoke Bar
Beyonce in trouble with NASA over use of Challenger disaster audio on 'XO'
Beyonce performed at Michelle Obama's star-studded 50th birthday party [Income Inequality]
Beyonce's Lewd Lewinsky Lyric
Beyonce: another classless attacker of all things Christian
Beyoncé Slammed for Sampling Shuttle Tragedy on New Album
Beyoncé wants to ban the word bossy (Useful Idiot Alert)
Beyond All That Changes: The Unchanging Lee
Beyond Europe ... Mark Steyn
Beyond GDP: get ready for a new way to measure the economy
Beyond Powerful: Watch an Entire Town Stand Up to Westboro Baptist Church Protestors(Moore, OK)
Beyond Unemployment: Obamacare's Long-Term Problem
Beyond the Crimea Crisis: Comprehensive Next Steps in U.S.–Russian Relations
Bias incidents at Vassar College reportedly a hoax
Bias incidents at Vassar were a hoax - transgender student leading investigation a culprit
Biased Reporter Uses His Media Job to Force City To Take Down Nativity Scene
Biathletes Meet Strict Gun Control in Sochi
Bible Converts Protestant to Catholic Faith
Bible Reading Plans for 2014
Bible banned from world famous Trinity College crest
Bible controversy hits Air Force base
Bible movies to 'flood' screens, return religious films to the box office this year
Bible saves bus driver from racial attack [Stops 2 bullets from black teens on 'polar bear' hunt]
Biblical Teachings on Marriage and Family. A Homily for the Feast of the Holy Family
Biblical baby names set to make a comeback in 2014
Biblical films' Hollywood comeback
Biblical teaching on the use of colorful and harsh language.
Bickering begins over Colorado gun legislation (The Battle Renews )
Bicyclists who float out of their bike lane.
Biden 'dead meat' in Iowa, governor says
Biden Burnishes His Civil Rights Credentials at MLK Breakfast
Biden Heading to Europe Amid Ukraine Tensions
Biden Heads to Europe to Send Signal to Putin
Biden Tries to Sign Canadian Woman Up for Obamacare
Biden Unchained: A survey of Joe’s rhetorical grandiosity since January
Biden Urges Russia to Pull Back Forces From Ukraine
Biden Vacations in Virgin Islands for Second Time in Three Months
Biden compares New York's LaGuardia Airport to 'Third World country'
Biden economics: Minimum wage hike worth billions, ‘really good for the economy’
Biden gaffes again
Biden in Europe to ‘reassure our allies’ over Russia’s moves in Ukraine
Biden links Russia’s anti-gay laws to incursion into Ukraine
Biden lowers ObamaCare enrollment projection (talking it down?)
Biden on homophobia: 'I've had it up to here with cultural norms'
Biden says Venezuela 'concocting' bogus stories
Biden tells Ford chairman at Auto Show: ‘Thanks for saving our a$$’
Biden to Chinese: ‘Challenge the Government’
Biden to Democrats: Don't apologize in 2014
Biden to Dems: 'We Could Lose' to Ted Cruz
Biden to Japanese businesswomen: 'Do your husbands like you working full-time?'
Biden urges Chinese students to take inspiration from young Americans and ‘challenge’…
Biden urges Chinese to 'challenge government' on visit
Biden's Third World Country
Biden: "[O]n Every Major Issue, the American People Agree With the Democratic Party"
Biden: 'I may be a white boy, but I can jump'
Biden: After healthcare rollout pains, Obama fit 'for sainthood'
Biden: Be Optimistic on State of the Nation ‘In Spite of Who’s President’
Biden: Millions of Illegal Aliens Are "Already American Citizens in My View"
Biden: My 'Profound Insights on Policy Are Vastly Exaggerated'
Biden: New voter ID laws tied to 'hatred'
Biden: Organized Labor "Keeping The Barbarians At The Gate"
Biden: People are dumb, Obama deserves sainthood for the patience he’s shown with the ACA rollout
Biden: Seize the Moment, Make Peace
Biden: Sign Up For Obamacare So Law Can ‘Last Forever’
Biden: We’re Actually Kicking China’s Butt, Just Nobody Realizes It
Biden’s niece enters posh rehab for ‘anger issues’ (First month - $35K)
Bids for George Zimmerman artwork near $100,000
Bieber parties with dad hours after DUI arrest
Big Antarctic glacier to keep raising seas, even without warming (Pine Island Glacier)
Big Beer Bows to ‘Gay’ Bullies in Reprobate America
Big Brother 2013
Big Brother vs. Little Sisters
Big Business (Coca Cola) Pitching Amnesty Through Culture
Big Business Joins Obama Effort to Aid Long-Term Unemployed
Big Business Launches Pro-Common Core Propaganda Blitz
Big Dem Cities, Big Dem Poverty
Big Fish Stories Getting Littler {Then and now WOW}
Big Football Is Taking Over
Big Gov't Programs Wasting Billions for Nothing?
Big Gym Fight Has Police Hoping LA Fitness Beefs Up Security (basketball)
Big Hole in Big-Oil Lawsuit
Big Labor Thugs Emboldened by Obama Labor Board
Big Labor: ObamaCare is making income inequality worse, you know
Big Lie Finally Laid to Rest (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
Big Oil Firms Crack The Whip Over Service Companies
Big Pic: An Ultramassive Black Hole
Big Space Missions to Watch in 2014
Big Sur's Coastal California Beauty
Big Ten showdown in NCAA volleyball final: No. 2 Penn State vs. No. 12 Wisconsin
Big Trouble In Little Catskills? Chinese City Coming To Upstate New York (EB-1 Visa Scam?)
Big U.S. custody banks mining Big Data need more engineers
Big Wave Surfing: Mavericks Will Be Held Friday
Big bang birthday: Six lingering mysteries of a cosmic bombshell
Big business takes on tea party over Common Core
Big guns: Army soldiers to get powerful new Swedish-made tank-stopper
Big shot: Kalashnikov to sell 200,000 rifles in US, Canada
Big snow, blustery winds, bone-chilling temps nothing new to Jackson (MI)
Big surprise for Bride and Groom
Big union backs off Obamacare
Big union boss swipes liberal CMD propaganda for op-ed attacking ALEC
Big-bang-defying giant of astronomy passes away (article)
Bigfoot hunter claims to have killed beast and has proof
Biggest Sponsor Pledges Support Under Armour Won't Cut Ties
Biggest bullies in the public schools: the Education Establishment
Biggest cockfighting bust in New York history nets 3,000 birds
Biggest gap in black kids' learning: parents
Bike Lane Indignados
Bikini with your coffee? In Clovis, a move to get barista beauties to cover up (video)
Bikini-clad baristas brewing up controversy in NorCal
Bikini-clad baristas divide Washington town
Bilingual Nations: Language as a pretense for invasion.
Bill 'Wild Bill' Guarnere, of 'Band of Brothers' fame, dies at 90
Bill Allowing Businesses to Turn Away Gays Reaches Ariz. Governor
Bill Allowing Guns in Churches, Use of Silencer During Hunting Passes Georgia Senate
Bill Ayers Fizzles at Dartmouth Debate with Dinesh D'Souza
Bill Ayers and Obama Both Quote Alinsky
Bill Ayers vs. Dinesh D’Souza debate: Child-like emotions vs. adult reasoning
Bill Ayers: Obama like ‘imperial leader’
Bill Cassidy: The End of the Landrieu Line? : The current Louisiana Senator May Have Met her Match
Bill Clinton - Surrounded By Hookers
Bill Clinton Arrives to Calm Democratic ‘Bed-Wetting’
Bill Clinton Points Out Gloomy State of Economy Under Obama
Bill Clinton Trapped Inside Harry Reid’s Body
Bill Clinton Underage Sex Lawsuit Shocker!
Bill Clinton Will Swear in Bill De Blasio as NYC Mayor
Bill Clinton campaigns for Chelsea's mother-in-law
Bill Clinton cashes in on struggling nonprofit hospital
Bill Clinton on voter ID: Why not solve problem by putting a photo on every Social Security card?
Bill Clinton pictured posing with two PROSTITUTES at star-studded charity event in his honor
Bill Clinton recalls Mandela's message of unity
Bill Clinton rewrote his speeches to praise Hillary as he begun affair with Monica Lewinsky
Bill Clinton visits Phila. to work his charm for Margolies (Mrs. Edward Mezvinsky)
Bill Clinton ’95 State of the Union Draft: ‘Don’t Have Sex’
Bill Clinton, Mitt Romney hit NYC for Super Bowl weekend
Bill Clinton: Damage to Democrats over Obamacare rollout failure will be ‘minimal’
Bill Clinton: I never denied smoking marijuana
Bill Clinton’s favorite DC restaurant shuts down buffet due to Obamacare
Bill De Blasio: The Mayor New York Deserves
Bill Donohue and the Gay Thought Police
Bill Donohue asks to march in NYC Gay Pride Parade
Bill Donohue debates the merits of gay marriage with CNN's Chris Cuomo
Bill Elliot’s IRS Audit Has Been Terminated
Bill Gates Is Half-Right about Tax Reform
Bill Gates Predicts Almost No Poor Countries Left by 2035
Bill Gates Reveals Family Goes to Catholic Church: 'It Makes Sense to Believe in God'
Bill Gates Supports Death Panels, Rationing Medical Advances
Bill Gates' 'Anti-Paris Hilton' Plan To Make Sure His Kids Won't Inherit All That Gigantic Wealth
Bill Gates' Dream for a Nuclear-Powered Future Is Almost Here
Bill Gates, The Man Behind Common Core Shows How Stupid He Really is About Education
Bill Gates-Backed TerraPower And Toshiba Are Talking
Bill Gates: People Don't Realize How Many Jobs Will Soon Be Replaced By Software Bots
Bill Gates: Raising Minimum Wage ‘Does Cause Job Destruction’
Bill Henck: Inside the IRS (corruption alert)
Bill Kristol Slaps Down ABC’s Matthew Dowd: 2014 ‘Will Be A Referendum On ObamaCare’
Bill Kristol: Bush-Clinton Presidential Race Not Likely
Bill Kristol: House GOP Must Drop Amnesty
Bill Kristol: Palin Would Be 'Formidable' Presidential Candidate
Bill Maher Absolutely Trashes the Bible and ‘Psychotic Mass Murderer’ God
Bill Maher Fools Guests With ‘Racist’ Paul Ryan Quote That Was Actually Said By Michelle Obama
Bill Maher makes Country Music Awards shooting joke
Bill Maher: "There Is A Gay Mafia -- If You Cross Them, You Do Get Whacked"
Bill Maher: Even I can’t take any more of this endless MSNBC feeding frenzy over Chris Christie
Bill Maher: ‘Gay mafia’ will take your career down ‘if you cross them’
Bill Nye Debates Ken Ham - HD (full video of last night's debate)
Bill Nye Says He Hopes Ken Ham's Ark Encounter Project 'Goes Out of Business'
Bill Nye Wants You To Know He Has No Problem With Your Stupid Religion
Bill Nye the Science Guy Confuses Arctic with Antarctic at Global Warming Debate
Bill Nye “The Science Guy” will debate founder of Creation Museum in Kentucky
Bill Nye “the Science Guy” and Rep. Marsha Blackburn don’t see eye to eye on climate change
Bill Nye, Ken Ham Creationism Debate Tickets Sell Out in Minutes; Streaming Info Released
Bill Nye, the Science Guy vs. Ken Ham Debate at the Creation Museum
Bill Nye: Bible doesn’t tell Earth’s true history
Bill Nye’s Debate Nightmare
Bill O'Reilly Blasts 'Grinch' Jon Stewart Mockery of The War on Christmas
Bill O'Reilly Catches Sharpton In Another Deceptive Video Edit: 'They Don't Come Lower'
Bill O'Reilly Interviews President Obama Before Super Bowl
Bill O'Reilly is killing history [ error-filled book about Jesus ]
Bill O'Reilly vs Bible commentaries on Luke 6:37 (O'Reilly factor on Phil Robertson. Video)
Bill O'Reilly's Super Bowl interview with President Obama
Bill O'Reilly---Jesus Scholar
Bill O'Reilly: 'Obama Is the Toughest Interview of My Life'
Bill O'Reilly: GOP Should 'Wise Up' and Raise Minimum Wage
Bill Owens to Retire From Congress (liberal republican Scozzafava endorsed, remember?)
Bill O’Brien’s NFL Future
Bill O’Reilly Clashes with Valerie Jarrett over ‘Gangsta’ Culture
Bill O’Reilly Is Wrong: Jay-Z Is Worthy of America’s Respect
Bill O’Reilly on Bill de Blasio: ‘I Want to Beat Him Up’
Bill O’Reilly to interview Obama during Super Bowl
Bill O’Reilly, Obama Plan Super Bowl Chat
Bill O’Reilly: Duck Dynasty’s Phil Robertson ‘made a mistake’
Bill O’Reilly: GOP Should ‘Wise Up’ and Raise Minimum Wage
Bill O’Reilly: Jeb Bush is using my line
Bill Porter, Portland's famed door-to-door salesman, has died at age 81
Bill Whitaker: Wendy Davis imbroglio isn’t going to solve our state’s problems (she's got grit)
Bill Whittle: "I Can't Believe They Let You Do That"
Bill Would Add Paid Members to State's Corporate Welfare Agency
Bill Would Allow Automatic Pay Increases For Public Safety Employees
Bill Would Keep $60 Million Special Deal in Place For Company
Bill Would Open Up Competition In Michigan’s Electricity Market
Bill Would Prohibit Asset Forfeiture In Michigan
Bill Would Prohibit Asset Forfeiture In Michigan Without Criminal Conviction
Bill Would Require State Approval to Homeschool
Bill Young's first family emerges to tell their story (Rep, Florida)
Bill de Blasio Attacks New York City’s Charter Schools
Bill de Blasio Eats Pizza With a Fork and Knife, Sometimes
Bill de Blasio On Horse-Drawn Carriage Industry: "It's Over"
Bill de Blasio Returns to the Airwaves With Al Sharpton
Bill de Blasio Should Just Admit It: He Wants to Tax the Rich
Bill de Blasio Sick of All This ‘Obnoxious’ Snow
Bill de Blasio Walks Away From White House Meeting With Sweeping National Hopes
Bill de Blasio [NYC Mayor] Walks Away From White House Meeting With Sweeping National Hopes
Bill de Blasio and Chris Christie Look Chummy at Super Bowl Kick-Off Party
Bill de Blasio's Mayoral Inauguration Invocation Speaker Says NYC is a 'Plantation' [VIDEO]
Bill de Blasio: the Left's Nutty Professor Transforming New York into a Giant Political Petri Dish
Bill de Blasio’s Other Party: How the Working Families party took over New York City
Bill de Blasio’s Red Apple Agenda: State of the City speech delivers a goody bag for illegals
Bill de Blasio’s visit to Barack Obama
Bill for the Dodgers is about ready to come due
Bill key to Obama trade push faces Dem opposition
Bill of Rights -- what "Rights?"
Bill of rights to protect black shoppers from racial profiling at luxury retail stores
Bill of rights to protect black shoppers from racial profiling...[Another Sharpton Shakedown]
Bill proposes allowing elected officials to carry concealed weapons in courthouses (SD)
Bill that would undo Common Core academic standards all but dead (WI)
Bill to Increase Sanctions on Iran
Bill to Make the Fine $0 for Violating the Individual Mandate Passes by 90 Votes
Bill to criminalize cyberbullying draws bipartisan support(Colorado)
Bill will ban Confederate flag sale on Calif. state property
Bill would allow concealed carry for domestic violence victims (KY)
Bill would allow judge to issue search warrant by telephone
Bill would grant driver’s licenses, permits to undocumented immigrants in R.I. / Poll
Bill would have FDA decide on labeling genetically modified food
Billary for POTUS
Billboards proclaiming ‘Jesus is Muslim’ getting people upset
Billionaire Environmentalist May Target Louisiana's Oil-Friendly Senator Landrieu With Negative Ads
Billionaire GOP mega-donor Sheldon Adelson is tired of wasting money on losers
Billionaire Mayor Bloomberg Didn’t Just Put Money into New York, He Also Took it Out
Billionaire Steyer Puts Money Toward Climate, Energy Issues
Billionaire bullies
Billionaire mogul Sheldon Adelson looks for mainstream Republican who can win in 2016
Billionaire who compared the Occupy protests to 'Kristallnacht' now thinks the rich..get more votes
Billionaire will meet and greet you for $1000
Billionaires Dumping Stocks, Economist Knows Why
Billionaires With Big Ideas Are Privatizing American Science (focusing on white diseases)
Billions received by Yanukovich govt have disappeared, says new PM (Ukraine)
Bills Would Limit House Inspections
Bills seek to deny freed terrorists unemployment, pension payments
Billy Graham 'Extremely Weak': Son Asks for Prayers
Billy Graham near death, ‘close to going home to be with the Lord’
Billy Joel makes surprise visit to school's 'River of Dreams' Billy Joel tribute concert
Billy Ray Cyrus Remakes 'Achy Breaky Heart' as a Hip-Hop Song
Billy Robinson dead at 74 (professional wrestler, catch-as-catch-can wrestler)
Billyuns and Billyuns of Galaxy Images and More Portend The End of The Boring Space Picture
Bin Laden's Ex-Bodyguard Cleared for Release From Guantanamo
Bin Ladin's SON!
Bio-inspired method to grow high-quality graphene for high-end electronic devices (Breakthrough?)
BioLogos, theistic evolution and the Pelagian heresy
Biofuels do more harm than good, UN warns
Biological mother of abused boy, 5, will seek custody
Biological opinion favors Fort Huachuca's water efforts
Biologist sentenced for feeding killer whales
Bioprinting cartilage into people is doctor's goal
Bioprinting human organs and tissue: Get ready for the great 3D printer debate
Biotech Firm: We Will 3D Print A Human Liver In 2014
Bipartisan Bills Want Olympic Medals to be Tax-Exempt (Why there will never be tax reform)
Bipartisan Defense Deal Announced
Bipartisan Unemployment Extension Deal Reached
Bipartisan group of attorneys ask Gov. Jan Brewer to sign SB 1062
Bipartisan: Texas Democrat Wants to Repeal Obamacare and Impeach Obama
Bipartisanship Didn't Help Bob McDonnell
Bird Report in Your Area; Sightings, Activity & Survival during Polar Vortex [Vanity]
Bird Strike: Backlash Stirs Against Lufthansa Pilots
Bird steals egg camera and films penguin colony from the air
Birds attack peace doves freed from Pope Francis' window
Birds of pray: Doves released in the Vatican as a gesture of peace are immediately ATTACKED…
Birth Control
Birth control reconsidered: Protestant film questions contraception, rediscovers Reformation beliefs
Birth rates in U.S. hit historic low with 10 per cent fewer newborns
Birth-control activist Sandra Fluke suddenly takes herself out of congressional race
Birthday Of The National Guard - Always Ready, Always There
Birthday Toast to J.R.R. Tolkien
Birther Report seems to be down. Anyone know the issue?
BirtherReport.com Interviews British Attorney Claiming Knowledge That Obama was Born in Kenya
Bishop Ackermann Sets Himself Openly Against Rome: Sex Before Marriage is Not a Mortal Sin
Bishop Bans Fisher More College from offering Traditional Latin Mass to students
Bishop Matano (Diocese of Rochester NY!) Celebrates New Year with the Carmelites
Bishop Morlino Chastizes [sic] Faithful Catholics
Bishop Pates Embarks on Fact-Finding Mission to Middle East
Bishop Williamson’s separation ought to bring the SSPX to its senses
Bishop Zurek: Concerns About Priests For Life Have Been "Favorably Addressed"
Bishop details secrecy of Christian conversions in Lebanon
Bishop hopes to create new home for Catholics in Arabia
Bishop in the GOP race to replace U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers
Bishop issues letter on the ‘epidemic plague’ of porn, calls on men to recommit to purity
Bishop: Pope ‘Shocked’ By Gay Adoption, ‘Encouraged Me to Speak Out’
Bishops Conley and Loverde issue letters on contraception and pornography
Bishops Follow Pope’s Example: Opulence Is Out
Bishops urge daily Rosary, fast and abstinence on Fridays
BitPay Dumps Texas Gun Retailer
Bitcoin -- Boom or Bubble?
Bitcoin ATM Gets Surprise Launch in Biggest Boston Train Station
Bitcoin ATM Installations Surge in Canada
Bitcoin Bank Run
Bitcoin Bank Run, Take 2
Bitcoin Claims Its First "Real" Victim
Bitcoin Crashes as Major Exchange Temporarily Halts All Withdrawals
Bitcoin Crashes, Loses Half Of Its Value In Two Days
Bitcoin Drops 50% Overnight As China’s Biggest BTC Exchange Stops Deposits In Chinese Yuan
Bitcoin Exchanges Under ‘Massive and Concerted Attack’
Bitcoin Incentive for Fraud; Two More Exchanges Hacked
Bitcoin Is Not Real Money
Bitcoin Mania Bubble Bursts, China Triggers Price Crash Start, ...
Bitcoin Price Crash Towards Zero? The Ponzi Scheme Bubble Plays Out as Designed
Bitcoin Price Drops 10% as Chinese Exchanges Stop Bank Deposits
Bitcoin Price Drops After New Chinese Bank Rumours
Bitcoin Price Move Below $600 Continues
Bitcoin Prices Rise $90 to Reach Post Mt. Gox Crisis High
Bitcoin Price…to $1 Million?
Bitcoin Revolution: More Retailers are now accepting this non-government controlled 'currency'
Bitcoin Takes on Gold
Bitcoin Tipping Point & Mass Adoption
Bitcoin Tumbles After PBOC Rumors Confirmed
Bitcoin Under Attack, a Lesson in Discretion, and Getting Rich Quick
Bitcoin User Files White House Petition to Amend Latest IRS Notice
Bitcoin Volatile Elephant in the Room Takes on Gold, Pros vs Cons
Bitcoin aficionados wash their hands of Mt Gox
Bitcoin drops sharply as Mt. Gox halts withdrawals
Bitcoin exchange's collapse is probed by U.S. and Japanese regulators
Bitcoin explained in layman's terms
Bitcoin firm CEO found dead in suspected suicide
Bitcoin gets easier for consumers to buy, spend
Bitcoin hedge fund launches with Silicon Valley and Wall St. support
Bitcoin in the sights of regulators (Australian Source)
Bitcoin is Gold 2.0: But how can it be regulated?
Bitcoin is not just digital currency. It's Napster for finance.
Bitcoin is the future, Money2020 delegates told
Bitcoin owners find safe place for digital currency: on paper
Bitcoin plummets 20% after major exchange halts withdrawals
Bitcoin plunges after marketplace indefinitely halts withdrawals
Bitcoin prices plunge as problems persist (withdrawals halted)
Bitcoin refuses to flip: Virtual currency stays strong despite bankruptcies, gyrating rates
Bitcoin ripped by National Bureau of Economic Research report
Bitcoin swap agreement could lead to regulated derivatives
Bitcoin virtual currency is on verge of collapse
Bitcoin vs. Gold: Hedge Fund Adviser Weighs In
Bitcoin, the organism: Jeff Garzik at TEDx Binghamton
Bitcoin: The Sexiest Non-Solution Of All Time?
Bitcoins vs. Greenbacks and/or Gold and Silver
Bitstamp to Resume Bitcoin Withdrawals Today
Bitter Cold Follows Year's First Snowstorm
Bitter cold coming to Green Bay on Sunday
Bitter study: Soda taxes don't cut obesity, drive people to other sugars
Biz honcho fined for ice cream truck attack
Biz-news war
Bizarre Arguments and Behavior
Bizarre Japanese Subaru Ad - You Tube
Bizarre Richard Simmons Obamacare Commercial Performance
Bizarre Saturn Vortex Swirls in Stunning New NASA Video (aka The Hexagon)
Bizarre Sights- as Seen by Google Street View:
Bizarre radio meltdown during NSA interview'We lost control of the software. It's all going nuts'
Bizarre: missing Malaysia Airlines passengers' phones ring, but no one answers
Black Activists in Chicago Tell Obama "Just Quit" After State of the Union
Black Activists in Chicago Tell Obama to ‘Just Quit’ After Watching State of the Union
Black America: Stop The Insanity!
Black Beastie Gets Tasered in Front of Her Kids! (from black social commentator)
Black Brixton bar owner blames late-night violence on black people
Black Caucus calls for removal of Darrell Issa from Oversight Committee
Black Comic Blasts Jerry Seinfeld's Assault on 'PC Nonsense'
Black Death may have scuppered Roman Empire
Black Death skeletons unearthed by Crossrail project
Black Dem on Clarence Thomas: White wife OK, but justice is ‘Uncle Tom’
Black Friday Zapped by FICA TAX;CHRISTMAS SALES TO COME
Black Friday, Subjectivism, And Christian Liberty
Black GOP hopes for banner 2014
Black Gun History Month and the NRA
Black Hawk Look-Alike Flies in China
Black History Month Should Increase Demands For Obama Impeachment Now
Black Journalist Lucky Rosenbloom on Content of Margaret Sanger KKK Speech #blackhistorymonth
Black Juror in Dunn Case: Trial about Justice, not Race
Black Labor Force Participation Rate Under Obama Hits Rock Bottom – Lowest Level Ever Recorded
Black Labor Force Participation Rate Under Obama Hits Rock Bottom--Lowest Level Ever Recorded
Black Leaders Impeding Dr. King's Dream
Black Mob Violence in Macon: What’s Snow Got to Do with It? (30 blacks beat 5 whites)
Black Mob Violence in Rochester: Get Used To It
Black Panther leader, convicted of killing cop, released from prison
Black Panther leader, convicted of killing cop, released from prison ( Maryland )
Black Panther professor, teacher intimidation at the heart of graduation-rate scandal
Black Pastors Call for Impeachment of Eric Holder
Black Pastors Demand Planned Parenthood be Held Accountable for Killing Woman in Abortion
Black Pastors: Impeach Holder
Black Rocks Red-Flag Uniformitarian Flaws
Black Senior Forced to Choose: Obama or Jesus.
Black Student Allegedly Beaten By Hasidic Mob In Williamsburg
Black Unemployment Rises to 12.1 percent [Was 9% when Clown seized power]
Black Unemployment: Not Just a Disgrace, a Sin
Black activists unload! Obama ‘more hurtful to the black race’ than helpful; ‘Just quit!’ [VIDEO]
Black and White Hats in Ukraine
Black attackers leave trail of beatings, vandalism
Black box detector to join Malaysian jet search
Black conservative leaders discuss how the NRA was created to protect freed slaves
Black fashion student says Hasidic men attacked him, shouted anti-gay slurs in Williamsburg
Black history has become a commodity traded by Republicans and corporations
Black lawmakers to go after Obama: Lack of diversity in his federal judicial picks.
Black lawmakers urge Defense Dept. to change ‘discriminatory’ grooming rules
Black male judge’s pay sparks outcry
Black mob breaks man's jaw, fractures face
Black mob violence blamed on collective 'mental illness' (...traumatic syndrome of slavery')
Black mobs terrorize Victoria's Secret shoppers
Black on Black History Month and Race
Black pastors want Holder impeached over gay marriage stance
Black preschoolers more likely to face suspension
Black residents reject Trader Joe’s because it would attract too many white people
Black women pushing white babies: Photo series exposes the racial divides in the world of a NY nanny
BlackBerry Ltd CEO John Chen would ‘definitely’ sell BBM for $19-billion
BlackBerry billionaire Mike Lazaridis is betting on tech that hasn’t been invented… yet
BlackBerry faces another year of uncertainty as CEO launches rescue attempt
BlackBerry sues Ryan Seacrest's company over iPhone keyboard
BlackBerry to bring back function keys to win back former fans
BlackLight Power Announces Generation of Millions of Watts of Power
BlackLight Power, Inc. Announces Generation of Millions of Watts of Power from Water...
Blackberry Will Not Renew Tie-up with T-mobile
Blackburn 'Welcomes' Obama to Tenn.: 'Free People Will Always Be More Successful'
Blackburn: White House in 'Full Panic Mode' Over Obamacare
Blacked out! Details of U.S. drone plans
Blackface Is Big in Germany
Blackfish
Blacklisting is alive and well in America.
Blacks Slain In Michigan At 3rd-Highest Rate In US
Blacks and Obama
Blacks have lowest college graduation rate in state
Bladensburg peace cross sparks legal war
Blame 2014 on Winter Storm Obama
Bland Bargain: Paul Ryan Surrenders On Federal Budget, Outfoxed By Former Pre-School Teacher
Blasphemy law used against minorities in Pakistan
Blast email from our teachers' union
Blast from the Past: What's your favorite "One-Hit Wonder" song/artist?
Blast kills Palestinian diplomat in Prague
Blast rocks NiSource Kentucky Columbia Gulf pipeline
Blast shakes Hezbollah stronghold in southern Beirut suburb
Blazing a Lumpia Trail: Filipino Cuisine Finds a Foothold in New York
Bleeding puppy filmed being dragged down the street by its owner..
Bless me, Father: Pope leads by example, goes to confession (with video)
Bletchley codebreaker dies aged 93
Blimplike surveillance craft set to deploy over Maryland heighten privacy concerns
Blind Dog Gets a Guide Dog: Border Terrier Scruff Helps... was Born Without Retinas
Blind Man and His Dog Unhurt After Fall to Harlem Subway Track
Blind Swede Regains Sight After 13 Years
Blind Woman Suing Nudist Community that Told Her to Get Rid of Service Dog
Blind man acquitted in fatal shooting gets guns back
Blind pup and guide dog brother feeling right at home in Philadelphia (w adoptive parents)
Blocked by sunken Russian ships, Ukraine's navy stays defiant
Blocked party: NFL bars host town from using 'Super Bowl' name
Blodget: 'Stocks Are at Least 40 Percent Overvalued'
Blogger Compares Abortion to Cavity Removal, Calls Babies “Time-Sucking Monsters”
Bloggers = Media for First Amendment Libel Law Purposes (good news, for a change)
Bloggers continue attempts to unravel the hidden past of Barack Hussein Obama
Blogging The Institutes, Blog 1.
Blogging The Institutes, Blog 2: Preface 1-2
Blogging The Institutes: Blog 3: Preface 3-4
Blogging The Institutes: Blog 4: Preface 5-6
Blogging “Gays” Urge Murder, Castration Of Christians
Blood and Soil: Making the World Greener for National Socialism
Blood soup and the lunar new year could trigger the next bird flu epidemic
Blood test that can predict Alzheimer's: Elderly could be given early warning
Bloodhound, ATV used in search for missing Kalamazoo medical resident Teleka Patrick
Bloody Sunday: Black Teens Arrested in Horrific Attacks in Alabama & Maryland (Video)
Bloomberg Bans Another Harmless Perk of Adulthood
Bloomberg Focuses on Rest (as in Rest of the World)
Bloomberg Funded Anti-Gun Mom Group Attacks Conservative Mom Dana Loesch for Co-Hosting The View
Bloomberg L.P. Buckles to Beijing: Article on corruption earns a rebuke from China.
Bloomberg Puts Up Cash for Democratic Senators
Bloomberg Says Administration ‘Literally’ Saved 9,200 Lives
Bloomberg flacks continue planned attacks on Second Amendment
Bloomberg leaves rich public health legacy in NYC (barf alert)
Bloomberg moving NH closer to gun owner registration
Bloomberg state-level gun threat recalls little-heeded warning
Bloomberg to GOP: Don’t snub immigration reform
Bloomberg to Push G.O.P. For Immigration Action
Bloomberg vs. the Koch Brothers: For Harry Reid, some billionaires are more equal than others
Bloomberg's Private Militia
Bloomberg's latest stats on school gun violence ignore reality
Bloomberg, Moms Demand Action: Background Checks Don't Work, Pass More Background Checks
Bloomberg: Immigration Reform Key to GOP Future
Bloomberg: Nothing Has Changed in Washington Since Newtown
Bloomberg: To 'Make Obamacare Cool,' Offer Pot
Bloomberg’s Mayors Against Gun Control Merges with Grassroots Group (MAIG + Moms)
Bloomberg’s Meddling Ways On Unions Don’t Sit Well With De Blasio
Blow for Britain and BAE Systems as UAE rules out Eurofighter deal
Blow's New Euphemism for Abortion: 'A Full Range of Reproductive Options for Women'
Blue Campuses Get Bluer
Blue Cross Blue Shield: If Republicans kill a bailout for insurers under ObamaCare
Blue Cross Blue Shield: If Republicans kill a bailout for insurers, it’ll lead to single-payer
Blue Meth Reported in New Mexico, Seemingly Mimicking Hit TV Show ‘Breaking Bad’
Blues legend 'Rockin' Tabby' Thomas dies
Blumenthal Calls on UPS to Issue Refunds For Delayed Packages
Blundering bomber 'blew himself up after forgetting to put his watch forward'
Blunt, Manchin Introduce Bill To Encourage Domestic Production Of Rare Earth Minerals
Boardgaming is fantastic!
Boating Safety Tips: Boater Education & Resources for Safe Family Fun[tee-hee]
Boats, zoo, and soggy documents found at Yanukovych’s abandoned luxury estate [pics]
Bob Costas Begins Sochi Olympics Coverage With Eye Infection
Bob Costas offers wager to his gun critics
Bob Costas: My Armed Security Doesn't Make Me a Hypocrite on Guns
Bob Costas’ Olympic pink eye from ‘botched Botox’
Bob Dylan sued for racial hatred in France
Bob Dylan's Fantastic 30th Anniversary Concert Being Reissued
Bob Dylan's The Times The are a Changin--Still relevant today
Bob Goodlatte pushes immigration solution
Bob Grant dead at age 84
Bob Grant, Father of Conservative Talk Radio, Dead at 84
Bob Hope Christmas Bob Hope was without a doubt one of the greatest entertainers of all time
Bob Jones University fires firm hired to investigate sex abuse
Bob Kerrey Calls Obama a Delusional Liar; Media Mum
Bob Kerrey Calls Obama a Delusional Liar; Renders Himself MSM Nonperson
Bob McDonnell Scandal.Laughable In Comparison To Long List Of Democrat Scandals.
Bob McDonnell, and the perils of being famous but not rich
Bob Schieffer Drags Up Tired Old Attack That Ted Cruz Shut Down Gov’t
Bob Welsh - My Christmas Eve
Bobby Jindal Gearing Up for Potential 2016 Campaign
Bobby Jindal Takes the Stage: On Both Style and Substance, He is Now in Top Form
Bobby Jindal hits the trail in New Hampshire
Bobby Jindal will run for president in 2016: Top US senator
Bobby Jindal, with an eye on 2016, to unveil plan to replace Obama health-care law
Bode Miller finishes eighth in downhill
Body of missing Missouri girl found in home of elementary school coach: police
Body of missing woman, 22, found under pile of books inside car with seven parking tickets on it
Body of missing woman, Leanne Hecht Bearden, found in Texas
Body parts in bags found on roads: Gruesome discovery believed to be homicide (Michigan)
Boehner Attacks Again: Tea Party Groups Have "Lost All Credibility" [Video]
Boehner Blames Trust Gap With Obama For Immigration Stalemate
Boehner Decries Shutdown, Says Unwilling to Quit Golf, Cigarettes to Run for Prez in Leno Appearance
Boehner Defers to Conference on Immigration
Boehner Delays Immigration Push
Boehner Did the Right Thing
Boehner Emboldens Reid To Pursue Nuclear Option
Boehner Exits Press Conference Singing 'Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah'
Boehner GOP primary foe: Speaker is what is wrong in DC
Boehner Hires Fox to Guard Immigration Hen House
Boehner Hires Immigration Reform Expert (She co-wrote the McCain-Kennedy amnesty bills)
Boehner Hires McCain’s Amnesty Captain to Handle Immigration (More info on new GOP Amnesty Czar...)
Boehner Immigration Offensive Reportedly Implodes in Face of 80% GOP Opposition in the House...
Boehner Immigration Reform Outline Garners Praise
Boehner Is Said to Back Change on Immigration
Boehner Is Said to Back Change on Immigration [Republicans Cave In! To Obama]
Boehner Killed Amnesty for 2014? Not A Chance - Insiders Say Amnesty Still On Track
Boehner Lashes Out At Conservative Groups On Budget Deal
Boehner Primary opponents to debate this Saturday in Ohio.
Boehner Releases Immigration Principles (GOP Amnesty Manifesto leaked)
Boehner Says Obama's Plan to Go Around Congress Leads to a "Brick Wall"
Boehner Slams Obamacare Extension: Is This a Joke?
Boehner Slaps Conservatives: 'This is Ridiculous'
Boehner Spokesman Calls Reid’s GOP/Crimea Comments ‘Unhinged’(PJ tops that!)
Boehner Stands Up for Keystone
Boehner Told Democrats of Conservative Congressman: ‘What An A--hole!’
Boehner Unloads At Conservative Groups That Oppose The Budget Deal: 'This Is Ridiculous!'
Boehner Working with Obama to Ambush House Republicans on Bloomberg-Backed Immigration Changes(Guns)
Boehner accused of tilting toward 'amnesty' with new hire (Becky Tallent, his new Amnesty Czar)
Boehner aide: GOP committed to finding the truth about Benghazi
Boehner and Cantor Declare No Debt Ceiling Increase Without Obamacare Delay and Keystone Approval
Boehner and Cantor Lead GOP Debt Ceiling List of Shame
Boehner backed out of Ritz Carlton event for anti-tea party PAC (he needs to be defeated!)
Boehner backs down, says House to vote on 'clean' debt-limit hike
Boehner challenged in primary
Boehner defends rush to pass 1,500-page spending bill
Boehner files petitions for re-election
Boehner gets official snub by CPAC: No invitation to conference this year
Boehner gives immigration backers hope
Boehner hire alarms foes of ‘amnesty’ (Former McCain-Kennedy Amnesty Czar Becky Tallent)
Boehner lashes out at conservative groups on budget deal
Boehner likes Jeb Bush in 2016
Boehner might not have the votes for a “clean” debt-ceiling hike either
Boehner must decide on immigration (3-Day GOP Amnesty Retreat starts today)
Boehner not taking it anymore from conservative groups
Boehner on IRS Scandal: 'I Don't Care Who Is Going to Be Fired. I Want to Know Who Is Going to Jail'
Boehner on seeking reelection as speaker: ‘It won’t even be close’
Boehner on the brink: Speakership coup brewing over immigration
Boehner primary challenger (and Freeper) Eric Gurr interview.
Boehner proposes linking debt-limit hike to a restoration of recent cuts to military benefits
Boehner to attend Ritz Carlton event for anti-tea party group
Boehner to visit Jay Leno (prior to GOP Amnesty Retreat funded by lobbyists...)
Boehner “open” to extending unemployment benefits
Boehner's Immigration Staffer: 'There Are Jobs that American Workers Will Not Do'
Boehner, A Proven Failure at Leadership: With Just 28 GOP Votes, House Agrees to Raise Debt Limit
Boehner, undeterred, moves forward on immigration
Boehner-right fight moves to Senate
Boehner: Amnesty After GOP Primary Filing Deadlines
Boehner: Christie remains presidential contender
Boehner: GOP immigration plan isn’t ‘amnesty’
Boehner: I Was ‘Pushed…into this Fight to Defund Obamacare;’ It Wasn’t My Idea
Boehner: Obama Introduces ‘His Most Irresponsible Budget Yet’
Boehner’s Crocodile Tears for Amnesty
Boehner’s Immigration Blunder
Boehner’s Immigration Cojones
Boeing 12th man flight - happening now.
Boeing 777 Pilots: It's Not Easy To Disable Onboard Communications (No idea)
Boeing 777 looking at Greensboro, NC
Boeing 777-300 - &#8363;1500000 (for sale on craigslist Vietnam)
Boeing 787 Dreamliner suffers ANOTHER battery scare as component starts smoking on plane in Japan
Boeing Model 777: Aircraft Electronic System Security Protection From Unauthorized Internal Access
Boeing Source: Missing Plane in Pakistan
Boeing Surveillance Plane Found Not Effective for Mission
Boeing To Shift Research Jobs To South, Midwest
Boeing Workers Approve 8-Year Contract Extension
Boeing and Saab to team for USAF T-X requirement
Boeing buying more land; footprint to triple in North Charleston; new 787 paint facility coming
Boeing delivers first AEW&C to Turkey
Boeing hiring in South Carolina as it raises 787 production
Boeing machinists approve contract securing 777X jet
Boeing machinists offer counter proposal (no details yet)
Boeing machinists reject “best and final” labor deal for 777X
Boeing machinists vote on contract crucial to 777X jetliner
Boeing machinists voting on contract tied to 777X
Boeing reports wing cracks on 787 Dreamliners in production
Boeing, Energia achieve mixed results in counterclaims
Boeing, GE say get U.S. license to sell spare parts to Iran
BofA Said to Cut 450 More Mortgage Jobs as Loan Demand Declines
Bogus Arrest of Open Carry Activist in Temple Texas
Bogus reading instruction is the 800-pound quack in many classrooms
Bogus sign language interpreter at Mandela memorial was in group that burned men to death
Bohemian Rhapsody: Star Wars Edition (tis time to go viral)
Boiled rats to fried insects: These are the most weird food items from around the world
Boise Police Shoot Dog, Hit Car in Process
Boldly Going Where No Greens Have Gone Before
Bolivia urges internationally legal coca leaf
Bolton: Kremlin 'laughing' at Obama
Bolton: Obama Is Living In a World of Words, Putin Is Living In a World of Power
Bolton: Sending Kerry to Ukraine Talks ‘Like Sending a Cupcake to Negotiate With a Steak Knife’
Bolton: ‘Our Biggest National-Security Problem Is Barack Obama’
Bomb hits Pakistan police patrol
Bomb hits Pakistani bus full of Shi'ite pilgrims, 22 dead
Bombing hits Israeli military patrol near Syria
Bombshell Audio Recording Revealing Ex-Prez’s White House Sex Romps Behind Wife Hillary’s Back
Bombshell In WaPo/Keystone Scandal: Did the Post Coordinate With Congressional Democrats?
Bombshell sworn allegation against Tim Geithner
Bombshell: British Intelligence Advisor; Obama Born In Kenya In 1960; CIA DNA Test
Bombshell: Harry Reid behind Bundy cattle ranch scandal, according to purged documents
Bombshell: Pentagon 'Didn't Know' Benghazi Annex Existed
Bond Hearing for Theatre Shooting Case LIVE
Bond hearing in theater shooting ends with no decision
Bond set at $60,000 for pastor accused of criminal sexual conduct
Bone Chilling: 'Catastrophic' Winter Blast Wipes Out Power in South
Boneheads of the Day
Boner: 'You have to pass it so you can find our what is in it' (Vanity)
Bones repaired with stroke of a pen
Boneta Bill Part Deux
Bong or Bang: Illinoisans Must Choose
Bono's daughter Eve Hewson stuns in period costume during ..on set of drama The Knick in snowy NY
Bono: Who Is Jesus?
Book Critical of Scientology, Banned From America for 27 Years, Now Goes on Sale in US
Book Discussion on 11 Principles of a Reagan Conservative
Book Review - Wrath or Rest: Saints in the Hands of an Angry God
Book Review, "Taps on the Walls"
Book Review: 'Republicans and Race,' by Timothy N. Thurber
Book Review: 'Sexplosion' by Robert Hofler
Book Review: Break Out! by Joel Osteen
Book coming out Tues: Hillary rejected Bill's edits to speech
Book on 'submissive wives' becomes hit in Spain
Book on Mary turns runaway youngster immersed in drugs and crime into a priest
Book review: ‘Duty: Memoirs of a Secretary at War’ by Robert M. Gates (WaPo)
Book thieves stole 70,144 books from the Brooklyn Public Library in 2012
Book(s) about George Washington
Book: Issa defended Hillary on Benghazi (Dead-End Darrell)
Book: Pope John Paul II’s Mother Rejected Doctor’s Abortion Suggestion
Books of the year: Torrents of words
Boom! Allen West makes the case Obama intentionally trying to overload the welfare system
Boom: AP Confirms Hoboken's Share of Sandy Aid 'On Par' With Other Cities
Boom: this Easter, Archdiocese of Washington to bring in largest group of new Catholics ever
Booming Britain will be the top dog as rest of Europe stagnates
Boomtown: Eight of Thirteen Wealthiest Counties in DC Region
Boone (NC) hotel executive charged with Best Western deaths
Boost Worker Pay – and Make the United States More Competitive –
Boots on the Ground in Ukraine?
Booze Map of the World Crushes Our Spirits
Border Agent Kills Man Who Threw Rock at Him
Border Fencing: One Tool among Many -- We need fences in some places, and not in others.
Border Patrol Busts More Than a Dozen Previously Deported Violent Felons
Border Patrol Limits Use of Force
Border Patrol agent opens fire after head on collision with smuggler
Border Patrol agent's scuffle with undocumented immigrant caught on camera
Border buddies: A merger between the United states and Canada?
Border patrol agent shoots, kills man after struggle
Border patrol agents ordered to stand down [Obama defends Ukraine's borders, but not USA's]
Border patrol arrests four sex offenders
Border ‘More Secure Than Ever’? Illegal Alien Caught Crossing for the 15th TIME (Video)
Border-patrol drones being borrowed by other agencies more often than previously known
Borgata Casino Lawsuit Alleges Gambler [Phil Ivey!] Cheated, Won $9.6M
Born to Run From High Taxes: Study shows wealthy NJ residents fleeing
Born–Oppenheimer and Fixed-point Models for Second-order Phonon Exchange in a Metal
Borough President Marty Markowitz Declares Brooklyn "The Lesbian Capital Of NYC And The Northeast"
Bosh celebrates birthday bash ["The Black Circus"]
Bosnia-Hercegovina protests break out in violence
Bosnia-Herzegovina hit by wave of violent protests
Bosnia-Herzegovina: Conservative (Half Muslim) Country? That's What I Would Have Thought...
Bosses More Likely to Be Republican and Conservative
Boston Cardinal: The Church ‘must call out the uncomfortable truth: abortion is wrong’ (PHOTOS)
Boston Doctors Can Now Prescribe You a Bike
Boston Globe: 'Massachusetts. may give up on still-failing health website'
Boston Makes Final Preparations for 2014 Marathon
Boston Marathon Victim Leaves Taping of ‘Meet the Press’ in Tears
Boston Marathon bans bags, bandit runners, military marchers
Boston Marathon victim storms off Meet the Press set after interview ambush
Boston Marathon victim sues Glenn Beck for defamation
Boston St. Patrick's Day Parade fighting big politica l& financial pressure
Boston St. Patrick's Day Parade fighting big political & financial pressure
Boston St. Pat’s Parade Rescinds Invite to Gay Group, Says Application was a ‘Ploy’
Boston St. Pat’s Parade rescinds invite to gay group, says application was a ‘ploy’
Boston University Caves to Islamic Supremacist Demands
Boston firefighters make good on promise to widow and find wedding ring, report says
Boston pastor praised by Cardinal O’Malley puts Holy Family on par with homosexual couples
Boston police rush to help as 6 attacks unfold
Boston to swear in 1st new mayor in 20 years
Boston's Big Dig expert to speak about future of Interstate 81
Boston, NYC mayors to skip St. Pat's parades
Botched paramilitary Police Raids
Bottom 5 States in (Liberal) Fiscal Condition:
Bottom 5 States in (Liberal) Fiscal Condition: (Shortened title)
Bottom in for Detroit?
Bowl Championship Splendor: The golden age of college football
Box Office Milestone: 'Frozen' Becomes No. 1 Animated Film of All Time [not true]
Box Office: 'Noah' Winning Over Faith-Based and Mainstream Moviegoers
Box Office: Moviegoers Flock to 'Noah'… But Hate It
Box Office: What's Behind the Surprising Success of the Christian Movie, 'God's Not Dead'?
Box Office: ‘God’s Not Dead’ Soaring to $8.2 Million Opening in Limited Release
Box of Stashed Ballots Could Invalidate Contested Broomfield Election [vote fraud Colorado ]
Boxer Statement on Corruption Charges Against California State Senator Leland Yee
Boxer warns Keystone will cause cancer
Boxer: 'Absolutely No Way We're Going to Cut Spending'
Boxer: Obamacare 'Is a Huge Success'
Boxer: ‘Absolutely No Way We’re Going to Cut Spending’
Boxing Fans:Muhammad Ali's Rope-A-Dope Technique Far From Being An Impugned Tactic
Boy (10-12 Years Old) Robs Ice Cream Truck at Gunpoint in San Diego
Boy Held Captive And Raped For Eight Months By His Father And Homosexual Partner
Boy Scouts Dismiss a Gay Troop Leader in Seattle
Boy Scouts announce annual membership fee increase for 2014, raising questions . . .
Boy Scouts of America ban troop leader who came out as homosexual on NBC News
Boy Scouts of America will officially welcome gay members on New Year's Day....
Boy Scouts open ranks to gay youth on Jan. 1
Boy Scouts shrink 6 percent after 1 year of allowing gay members
Boy Scouts' gay membership policy brings financial fallout
Boy Scouts, Gay Marriage, & Pizza
Boy Suspended for Pointing Finger Like Gun
Boy accused of killing mom, sister gets ‘field trips’ ( New Mexico)
Boy from iconic wartime photo pays it forward at Christmas
Boy hospitalized with kidney failure after 16-hour caffeine, video game binge
Boy points finger like gun, gets suspended
Boy to Michelle Obama: 'Dear #FLOTUS, I Am Not a Knucklehead ...'
Boy's mother, two others, arraigned in Facebook beating video case (Viewers are dared to report her)
Boy, 10, suspended from school for ‘firing’ imaginary bow and arrow
Boy, 3, killed after 'drunk driving illegal immigrant with no insurance slammed into family's
Boycott: Evangelicals react to World Vision decision to hire people in gay ‘marriages’
Boycotting the Israel Boycotters
Boycotts Driven By Hate, Not Settlements
Boyscouts banquet
Boyz 2 Men, Not
Boy’s death spurs anti-Erdogan feeling in EU parliament
Bozell & Graham Column: CBS Allows A Real Journalist to Resign
Bozell & Graham Column: Jimmy Fallon, Democrat Political Asset
Bozell Column: Joe Biden, The Media's Secret Quayle
Bozell Column: Obama, The Media's Favorite Autocrat
Bozell Column: Sarah Silverman's Insult Act Gets Old
Bozell Denounces CPAC: ‘No Conservative Should Have Anything to Do With This’
Bozell on IRS Scandal: ‘Bigger Than Watergate’
Bp. DiMarzio: Obama proposes what is “shameful and criminal in the eyes of Almighty God”
Bp. Egan (D. Portsmouth): denial of Communion can be act of mercy, love
Brace Yourself For More Obama Executive Orders
Brace Yourself for Hillary and Jeb
Brace yourself: The bacon shortage is coming
Bracken: When The Music Stops – How America’s Cities May Explode In Violence (EBT SHTF scenario)
Brad Pitt's charity houses begin to rot
Brad Zaun Preparing Another Congressional Bid
Bradford Student Assists With Discovery Of New Planet
Bradley A. Smith: The Latest IRS Power Grab
Brady Campaign: CA's Pro-Concealed Carry Ruling 'Legal Error'
Brady Law Has Done Little To Keep Guns Out Of Criminals' Hands
Brady: ‘I Could Care Less About Watching’ The Super Bowl
Brain Death: Making the Distinctions
Brain Implant Lets One Monkey Control Another
Brain development between men and women result in different decisions
Brain in a Vat
Brain research results in better understanding of behavior
Brains of Elderly Slow Because They Know So Much
Brainwashing A Nation
Braley Camp: He knew he was being recorded when he disparaged Iowa Farmers and Grassley.
Braley’s ‘farmer from Iowa’ remarks could spell election trouble for party
Branco Cartoon – What Difference Does it Make?
Brand New Leather Jacket
Brand new set of baseball bleachers torn down after ruling…girls softball team’s seats must be equal
Brandeis Bows to Islamic Censorship
Brandeis Caves to Islamic Supremacist Thuggery
Brandeis Caves to Islamic Supremacist Thuggery--An Open Letter to Brandeis President Lawrence
Brandeis U. decides against honor for Islam critic
Brandeis University withdraws planned honorary degree for Islam critic Ayaan Hirsi Ali
Brandon Spikes On His Time With Patriots: "4 Years A Slave"
Branford cop investigated for Facebook comments
Brannon again sets goal, this time for US Senate
Brannon says Tillis would be ‘unelectable’ to U.S. Sen. Kay Hagan’s seat
Brannon will open campaign office in Winston-Salem tonight (Hagan retirement tour)
Brannon will support Constitution as U.S. senator (NC)
Brannon wins 3 GOP straw polls (NC Senate)
Brannon would be a risky choice for Republicans (conservatives are always "risky")
Branstad Announces Bid for Sixth Term with High Energy Rally
Branstad Raises $3.4 Million in 2013, has Over $4 Million in Bank as Campaign Begins
Branstad Up, Olson out, game over?
Bratton defends NYPD in bloody jaywalk bust
Bratton to lead NYPD for second time
Bravo! Ted Cruz walks out of Castro’s speech
Brawl at Radisson near LAX involved over 1K people - police
Brazil Upgrades Its Sao Paulo Carrier – Analysis
Brazil champions undersea cable to bypass US
Brazil scrambles to avoid power rationing as costs soar
Brazil to award coveted fighter jet contract to Saab: source
Brazil's Fighter Buy: That NSA Narrative Is Probably Wrong
Brazil's Teenage Flashmobs Are A Lot More Serious Than They Sound
Brazil, China, India rally round Russia after G7 snub
Brazilian F-X2 deal gives fresh impetus to Saab's Sea Gripen concept
Brazilian Soccer Players Are Banned From Having ‘Acrobatic’ Sex During The World Cup
Brazilian nominates Snowden for Nobel Peace Prize
Brazil’s choice of Gripen opens Bric possibilities
Brazil’s oil euphoria hits reality hard
Brazuca: The World Cup Ball
Break Ukraine In Two (Civilized Divorce Alert)
Break out the bongs! Liturgy with Deacon Sandy
Breaking News! POTUS removes "Hail to The Chief", replaces it with new music.
Breaking News: Fight Breaks Out at Democratic Party Caucus in Minneapolis
Breaking News: Jobless claims rise unexpectedly to 379,000
Breaking News: Judge orders Texas hospital to remove life support from brain-dead pregnant woman.
Breaking News: Obama Resigns
Breaking News: Police arrest man on suspicion of murder of missing girl
Breaking News: The Shroud of Turin Will Go On Public Display in Turin, Italy for 45 Days in 2015
Breaking O’Keefe video: Wendy Davis Supporters, Battleground Texas Mock Greg Abbott’s Disability
Breaking The Uniparty
Breaking Up The NSA
Breaking: FBI Documents Confirm Existence of Texas Islamic Terror Enclave
Breaking: Far Left Code Pink Founder Jailed in Cairo
Breaking: Former Dem Lawmaker Arrested in Zimbabwe for Staying Illegally & Shooting 100 Porn Videos
Breaking: Gosnell sentenced to 30 years on drug charges
Breaking: House Democrat Jim Matheson retires, clearing the way for Mia Love
Breaking: Judge rules on Obama eligibility
Breaking: Largest European Refinery Catches on Fire – Happens to Be in Russia
Breaking: MSNBC's Ronan Farrow reports that President Obama is still popular in Kenya
Breaking: Microsoft exec to take over Healthcare.gov rescue
Breaking: New Satellite Images of Michelle From China
Breaking: New letter to Boehner re: Benghazi
Breaking: Obama to propose expanding EITC and child tax credit in budget
Breaking: Otis McDonald, champion of Supreme Court victory, passes
Breaking: Planned Parenthood to pay $2 million in ‘wrongful death’ of Tonya Reaves
Breaking: Romeike Family granted ‘indefinite deferred status’ and can stay in United States
Breaking: Supreme Court Strikes Down Aggregate Campaign Contribution Limits
Breaking: Wind Arrives in the Forbidden City
Breaking… Duck Dynasty Sponsor: If Robertsons Leave A&E We’re Going With Them (Video)
Breakout: Lawmakers Enlist Powerful New Wage and Wealth Gap Warrior - The Pope
Breakthrough over 600-year-old mystery manuscript [Voynich]
Breakthrough study overturns theory of 'junk DNA' in genome
Breakup of NY ex-gov. Spitzer, wife is uncontested
Breast-feeding is on the rise, but in church it’s still an issue
Breathalyzer for Pot Hits Los Angeles
Breathtaking incompetence: It’s not just the floods debacle. The people who run Britain…
Breeder involved in mating that produced killer Houma 'pit bull' denies wrongdoing
Breeders: How Gay Men Destroyed the Left
Breitbart London's Managing Editor Awarded 'Islamophobe of The Year'
Breitbart News Launches 'Breitbart London' & 'Breitbart Texas' Verticals
Brendan Eich Steps Down as Mozilla CEO (The New Blacklist)
Brendan Eich and the New American Totalitarian State: Gay Marriage Activists force Mozilla CEO out
Brendan Eich, Mozilla's Alpha Nerd, Takes Over as CEO (Q&A)
Brendon Ayanbadejo compares Michael Sam to Jackie Robinson and Rosa Parks [Gay is the new Black]
Brennan's Inc., former owner of the landmark restaurant, is bankrupt
Brent Bozell Letter to Majority Leader Eric Cantor Regarding MainStreet PAC
Brent Musburger to SEC Network, Will No Longer Call Sat. Night Football on ABC
Brett Favre Has A New, Rugged Look
Brett Parker, father, clerk sentenced for running sports gambling ring
Brewer Likely to Veto Anti-Gay Measure
Brewer veto not best part of anti-gay bill’s demise
Brewer's Foolish Veto
Brewery is testing beer delivery by drone
Brian Chesky: The 'Sharing Economy' and Its Enemies
Brian Coulter: The dream vs. the scheme
Brian Craig Show Podcast: Bob Coy of Calvary Chapel in a Sex Scandal
Brian May Talks New Queen Recordings, Freddie Mercury Biopic
Brian Terry - Armed With Bean Bag Gun, Doomed To Die
Brian Terry's family reflects after his killer is sentenced
Brian Terry’s brother rips Eric Holder over ‘shocking’ ineptitude
Bribery Case against Pennsylvania Democrats Dropped
Bride Kills Husband During Honeymoon
Bride, Kosovo
Bridge Engineers Say California Ordered Flaws Overlooked
Bridgegate probe to check Christie chopper rides
Bridgegate subpoenas due for Chris Christie’s staff
Bridgegate? Chris Christie's national ambitions could be hurt by GWB controversy
Bridgeport man faces felony after speaking too long at township board meeting (Michigan)
Bright New Supernova Blows Up in Nearby M82, the Cigar Galaxy
Brilliant Leadership: Obozo's 2013 State of the Union proposals and how they turned out
Brillouin Energy and SRI advancing together
Brillouin Signs Licensing Deal with Korean Firm
Bring on the Frigate: LCS Is Outgunned, Outclassed
Bringing home the bacon Chinese-style ...
Bringing the War Back Home?
Bristol Palin blasts ‘hypocritical’ gays
Bristol Palin's sexist, hypocritical, very bad Wendy Davis rant (1st class Pretzel Logic)
Bristol Palin: 'Warning: You Might Lose IQ Points By Watching This MSNBC Clip'
Bristol Palin: Wendy Davis' Story is 'Downright Pathethic'
Bristol, Tenn., council repeals guns-in-parks ban
Brit Hume on Abortion
Brit Hume points to graph showing ‘colossal political impact of Obamacare’
Brit Hume: ‘Old-Fashioned Tough Guys’ Like Christie Can’t Survive in Today’s ‘Feminized Atmosphere’
Britain 'backstabbed' Sikhs by advising India on 1984 Golden Temple raid
Britain entering first world war was 'biggest error in modern history'
Britain has an ethnic problem: the English
Britain sends £2million in aid to Argentina and what do we get... a FIVE-PAGE rant
Britain splashes £2million to kick illegal immigrants out of Greece BEFORE they enter UK
Britain to Evacuate Its Citizens From South Sudan
Britain's 100 years of conflict
Britain's Luftwoofe: The Heroic Paradogs of World War II
Britain's first wild beaver for 500 years caught on camera
Britain's largest warship HMS Queen Elizabeth nears completion
Britain's littlest shepherd and a bond between boy and sheep that will melt your heart
Britain's most notorious villain is dead: Ronnie Biggs dies in a London care home
Britain's oldest chapel to be excavated [St Piran's Oratory in Cornwall]
Britain's version of Tea Party rocks political system across the pond
Britain's version of Tea Party rocks political system across the pond (Nigel Farage)
Britain: ‘Pedophile Network at the Heart of Government’
Britain’s 'finest WWII general' accused of child sex abuse in Australia
Britain’s most pro-EU party heading for disaster in May
British Fighter Flies with 3D Printed Parts
British Government Bans Pro-Israel Advocates Geller and Spencer, Welcomes Nazi
British Lords want more power over EU laws
British Man Dies After Extreme-Drinking Challenge Involving Gin, Tea (Two Pints)
British Museum: Prototype for Noah's Ark was round
British Police Arrest Two Men Over North Sea Ferry Fire
British Spies Said to Intercept Yahoo Webcam Images
British and U.S. secret service probe missing jet (truncated)
British mainstream media continues to romanticize ‘White Widow’
British man charged with hacking Federal Reserve
British plan ANZAC whitewash
British school bans red ink for teachers
British sniper in Afghanistan kills six Taliban with one bullet
British sniper kills SIX Taliban fighters with a SINGLE bullet
British soldier dies in Afghanistan
British soldiers at risk after US Pave Hawk helicopters are withdrawn from Afghanistan
British soldiers banned from training ..at Norwegian base because health..rules deem it too COLD
British student deported...social media posts 'posed a security threat'
British warship fires dummy torpedo into nuclear naval base
British woman marries her dog, confesses: ‘I’m totally her b---h’
Britney’s New Album Comes in a Lackluster 5th Behind Duck Dynasty Carols
Briton wins prize for UK exit plan from EU, says economy could benefit
Britons rate Russia more positively than EU, poll shows
Brits 'Involved In Syria Executions And Torture' (video)
Brits Duped by Anti-Israel Show at St. James’ Church
Brittany Ferries orders €270m ship
Broad Coalition Backs Keystone XL Oil Pipeline
Broad Skepticism on Health Care Law
Broadway Joe Namath Wears Fur Coat For Coin Toss
Brogdon Filing to Run for Oklahoma Governor in 2014
Brokeback Mountain The Opera
Broncos lose record fifth Super Bowl in 43-8 blowout
Bronx Man Records Police Discussing Controversial Videotaped Arrest
Bronx native Ira Curry announced as one of two Mega Millions winners
Bronze Star-winning stepdad who shot girl dead 'as she tried to sneak into the house'....
Brookings study points to Harry Reid and Senate Democrats as source of gridlock
Brooklyn Assemblyman William Boyland Jr. tossed in jail after conviction on bribe charges (NYC)
Brooklyn DA-elect asks Hynes staff to replace private toilet seat
Brooklyn Man Charged with 5 Attacks on Jewish Women
Brooklyn Vodou: New York Spirit
Brooklyn's Charles Barron Bombastic To The End In Council Farewell Speech
Brooklyn’s Msgr. Edward Scharfenberger named bishop of Albany (+ inside scoop)
Brooks: Time to Torch the Constitution
Brooksville woman stabs cell phone, deputies say
Broomfield [Colorado]man rescued from Rock Creek during September floods could sue his rescuers
Brother Of Dead Prospect Park Jogger Dies While Jogging In Central Park
Brotherhood Students Threw A Soldier From The Third Floor In Al-Azhar University
Brotherly Love @ MLA
Broward Teacher Arrested For Forcing Child To Clean Dirty Urinal
Brown County {OHIO} inmate Zachary Goldson's death ruled a homicide
Brown: Another gun law won’t solve Oakland violence
Brown: FHA's Insurance Premiums Sidelining Buyers
Brownsville Police Chief: Breath Test Refusals Not an Option for Drivers
Brown’s overhaul of California school finances sparks infighting over details (redistribution)
Bruce Braley on Chuck Grassley: A ‘farmer’ with no law degree
Bruce Braley on Chuck Grassley: A ‘farmer’ with no law degree (Iowa alert)
Bruce Braley’s bad week (Iowa)
Bruce Rauner copies Mark Kirk’s Illinois playbook [IL Governor race]
Bruce Springsteen’s Daughter Named Gucci’s Equestrian Ambassador
Bruce Springsteen’s Son Becomes Firefighter, Does His Family Proud
Bruce the dog offered a personal cheque by Darwin [Australia] council for his testicles
Bruckner Eighth Symphony - listen online tonight
Bruno Undergoes More Surgery After Taking Turn for Worse (Wounded Anaheim PD Dog)
Brushing the Bobo Cat (good way to get rid of fleas)
Brutal Knockout Attack at Upscale Mall Results in Cracked Ribs, Broken Ankle and Knocked Out Teeth
Brutal Murder of Pinay Stuns Community in Las Vegas
Brutal beating over bunk bed
Brutal: Democratic poll finds Obama’s base is ready to stay home in November
Bryan Cranston is a fawning Obamabot (news/vanity)
Bryan Suits Radio Show on KABC Starts Today
Bryant on Jason Collins: Act of courage will have huge domino effect (Jackie Robinson of the NBA)
Brzezinski Befuddled By Idea Higher Hiring Costs Encourage Employers to Automate
Bubble Gum-Themed Exhibit At Real Art Ways
Buchenwald, Block 66
Buck McKeon cites gridlock in retiring (damn Tea Party, and chairmen term limits!)
Buck McKeon won’t seek reelection (GOP committee chairman)
Bucs' WR Vincent Jackson buys 400 tickets to Lightning game for troops
Buddha the inspirational fat cat dies of congestive heart failure at the age of 6
Budding controversy between Giants, Padres over garden
Buddy, dog lost 6 years ago, returned to rightful Queens owner
Budget Baloney
Budget Battle: Democrats Block Amendment to Restore Military Retirement Benefits
Budget Chief Is Choice as New Health Secretary
Budget Deal Leaves Intact Vast Majority of Sequester Cuts
Budget Deal Reached - Real Compromise Or More Of The Same?
Budget Watchdog: Debt Burden In Michigan Now $25,300 Per Taxpayer
Budget allots $5.5 BILLION for ObamaCare program decried as a ‘bailout’
Budget bill clears key test vote in Senate
Budget deal is either same old-same old or pragmatic step toward 2014
Budget office chief: ObamaCare creates ‘disincentive’ to work
Budget proposal won’t tame debt, interest would soon exceed military spending
Budget text released as House moves swiftly toward vote
Budweiser’s 2014 Super Bowl commercial stars puppy, kicks butt (VIDEO)
Buffalo Bills Owner Ralph Wilson Dies At 95
Buffalo Throws Lion into Air to save His Friend Being EATEN by Lions
Buffalo firefighters save dog from deep sinkhole in MLK Park
Buffalo’s New Bishop Confronts Politician’s Duplicity on Abortion
Buffoon Bluffery; What are Sanctions Really About?
Bugs in Google Chrome let websites listen to your conversations
Buh-bye, David Letterman: Nasty, bitter, left wing television host announces his retirement
Buick Sells Four Times As Many Cars In China As In U.S
Build an Army for Kids, Not Against Them
Build your own emergency car kit that could save your life
Building The Machine [Free Online Film Exposing "Common Core"]
Building a list of historic American biographies
Building a practical and productive future
Building from 2,200 B.C. found in Ecuadorian capital
Building the Church in Arabia Is About More Than Just Buildings
Buildings Collapse After Explosion, Fire In East Harlem
Built in Ability "The Lord is with Me"[charismatic caucus]
Bulgaria and Lithuania fear they could be next on Russia's hit-list
Bulgarians, Serbs volunteering for Russian forces in Crimea
Bull Market Five Years On: Still Celebrating
Bull's-eye on bus drivers: 'Are you bleeding?' Dozens of attacks against mass-transit pilots
Bulldog loves kittens
Bullet hits Florida man in the head, bounces off
Bullhead City man dies after attacked by [his own] dog
Bullies Rule
Bullish CBR perspectives ...confident about long-term crude-by-rail service to coastal markets
Bully (great anti-McConnell ad)
Bullying accusations continue against BU coach
Bullying's a problem. Could this proposed Minnesota law be a solution?
Bumper sticker
Bundled into a police van…just for giving his girlfriend an innocent peck on the cheek…(Scotland)
Bundy Ranch No-Fly Zone MAP
Bundy Ranch, the Federal Government, and the Nevada Water Tipping Point
Bundy Ranch: the "truth" shall make you . . . ?
Bungle of Joy: HealthCare.gov can’t handle info on newborns
Bungling French bureaucrats send census letter to Napoleon Bonaparte -who died in 1821
Bungling police dog is FIRED for slacking off work to play with trash ...
Bungling the meaning of 'the right to bear arms'
Burbank couple rescues child with mattress
Bureau of Labor Statistics--Consumer Price Index Summary
Bureau of Land Management Hiding Behind Toothless Tortoise
Bureaucrats Befuddled By America's Auto Market
Burglar finds child sex abuse on tapes he took, so he points out suspect, police say
Burglars Who Took On F.B.I. Abandon Shadows
Burglary Suspect's Flirting Leads to His Arrest
Burglary suspect shot in the leg by homeowner
Burka escape: Teenager arrested over terror suspect disappearance
Burn - Vintage '60s Girl Group Ellie Goulding Cover with Flame-O-Phone
Burned Georgia Tech Student Dies From Injuries (Iranian Grad Student Was Making Molotov Firebombs)
Burned by Drano: Denver couple charged with child abuse after 15-year-old scalded
Burning Man Gone: 38K Tickets Sold in 44 Minutes
Burnt Babies Cry To Heaven
Burnt Out Primary Care Docs Are Voting With Their Feet
Bury Their Purple Hearts at Ft. Hood
Bury the Goldfish (Humor Break)
Bus Driver Caught on Camera Calling Student a 'Crybaby'
Bus Driver Fired for Using Her Own SUV 'Was Strictly Thinking about the kids'
Bus driver's BIBLE stops bullets that would've killed after shot in suspected gang initiation attack
Bus route now swings by Richland [County, SC] jail
Bus-Size Asteroid Gives Earth Super-Close Shave Today, Second in 2 Days
Bush Booed During Mandela Memorial
Bush Urges Effort to Close Black and White Students’ Achievement Gap
Bush draws boos from conservatives at Freedom Summit
Bush for Texas land commissioner
Bush reveals stories behind paintings of world leaders: Putin ‘dissed’ Barney
Bush speechwriter: Obama plagiarized GWB’s 2007 SOTU
Bush's Nephew Courts Hispanics in Texas
Bushcare---Bush found solution to America's healthcare crisis 7 years ago Too bad nobody listened
Bushcare: Bush found solution to America's healthcare crisis 7 years ago. Too bad nobody listened.
Business Bid to Counter Tea Party Fizzles
Business Buyers Beware: Gov. Cuomo's "Tax Free" New York TV Pitch is a Con Job
Business alliance tries to counter tea party clout
Business groups press Republicans over immigration reform
Business groups stunned as Obama moves to hike overtime pay
Business to Boehner: Hit ’em hard
Businesses Add 'Obamacare Fee' to Customer Bills
Businesses Fail When They Do What's Politically Correct Instead of What Customers Want
Businessman alleges Canada gave Israeli spy new identity
Busted Buskers (Pushed Out In Santa Cruz)
Busted! Flight Radar Caught Changing Flight Path of Malaysia Flight 370! (VIDEO)
Buster Qua Buster
But It Sounds Good: Democrat Economic Rhetoric And America’s Critical Thinking Deficit
But the State will protect you!
Buy Before Banned: guns, ammo, lightbulbs, wood stoves, cars
Buy a health plan online? Why you should call your insurer to confirm.
Buy the kids guns for Christmas!
Buzz Words Hide Ukraine's Meaning for US and EU
Buzzfeed: Anti-Abortion Republicans Are Largely Quiet As Israel Adopts Liberal Abortion Law
By Food Stamps Alone
By Not Kowtowing to Columnist Blowhards, Penn State is Finally Moving On
By the Waters of Babble-on...and on and on and on.
By the numbers: Vulnerable Senate Democrats Still “have Obama’s back”
By the way, Fort Lee voted for Christie (traffic jam punished his own voters)
Bye bye, bile? Websites try to nix nasty comments
Bye, Bye Phil Everly: One of the Everly Brothers Has Died Just Days Short of His 75th Birthday
Bye, Fidelity: Law, shmaw, says Sotomayor
Bye-Bye 7N6
Bye-Bye Boehner… GOP Speakership On the Line Over Immigration Plans
Bye-Bye Piers! A Top 10 Countdown of the Soon-to-Be Ex-CNN Host's Most Outrageous Outbursts
Bypassing Congress, DOJ to Announce Expansion to Gun Background Checks
Byrd: The new Washington war machine
Byron York on Greta (FoxNews)is always good and precise. He is a frequent commentator there
Byzantine-era church uncovered in Israel
B’nai B’rith Canada Condemns Montreal Gazette Editorial Cartoon That Defaces PM Harper
C'mon baby, light my (Crimean) fire
C-Span to Ignore Lois Lerner Testimony
C. Africa crowd lynches fleeing Muslim: witnesses
C.Africa peacekeepers declare war on 'anti-balaka' vigilantes [UN declares war to protect Muslims]
C.I.A. Employees Face New Inquiry Amid Clashes on Detention Program
CA Dem Pushes Gun Control for Rifle with '30 Magazine Clip'
CA Democrat's Alleged Arms Trafficking Scheme Linked to Islamist Rebels
CA Dems block expulsion of legislator convicted of 8 felonies: Protecting the supermajority.
CA GOP Gov Candidate: If You Want A Full Capacity Assault Rifle Magazine then Vote for Somebody Else
CA Gov.: The Nation Needs to be Competitive and Alert, Not Stoned
CA Gun Store Owner Refuses to Give Feds Customer List (ATF Seeks Buyers of AR-15 Lower Receivers)
CA Sen. Yee Indicted For Arms Trafficking (Linked to Muslim Brotherhood)
CA Teacher Forces Student to Stop Talking About Bible
CA extends payment deadline for Obamacare policies
CA: Pensions for city workers can't be cut, but pay can, judge rules in major San Jose case
CA:Amended Complaint Filed in CGF’s Haynie v. Pleasanton “Assault Weapons” Challenge
CA:Campbell: Man freed in stabbing of 16-year-old after prosecutors agree with self-defense claim
CA:Contradictory Reporting on "en banc" Appeal of Second Amendment Rulling
CA:Four suspects arrested in bizarre home invasion robbery
CA:Invisible Lawyer Gives Bad Advice(San Diego Sheriff Gore)
CA:LA Times Misreads Second Amendment Decision of Ninth Circut
CA:Market clerk shoots robbery suspect in the head
CA:New gun law steps over 'line in the sand'
CA:Officials: Father shoots knife-wielding son in self-defense in South Whittier
CA:SAN BERNARDINO: Jailed man freed, dead man’s accomplices arrested
CA:San Diego Sheriff Expects High Volume of CCW Permits
CA:San Jose: Bouncer's killer freed; self-defense declared in deadly downtown stabbing
CA:Suspect’s Gun Falls Apart During Robbery
CA:Thoughts on the 9th Circuit case -- where do we go from here?
CABLE/SATELLITE VS NETFLIX/HULU/OTHER STREAMING SERVICES
CAIR tries to shut down briefing on American jihadi networks
CALIFORNIANS TURN TO RAIN DANCES FOR DROUGHT RELIEF
CALLING ALL VETERANS: READ AND RESPOND
CAMILLE PAGLIA: WAR ON MEN DESTROYING AMERICAN CULTURE
CAR conflict: Unicef says children 'beheaded' in Bangui {Islam at work}
CARDINAL O’MALLEY: SO WHO IS OBSESSED?
CAROLINES BOMBED 2 WAYS AGAIN; RUSSIANS 38 MILES FROM ODESSA (4/1/44)
CARRY-ON CRACKDOWN: UNITED ENFORCES BAG SIZE LIMIT
CARSON: A physician’s view on the sanctity of life (A Must Read)
CARSON: America is dragged down by Obama regulations
CARSON: Are all the president’s critics racists?
CARSON: Beyond affirmative action to colorblindness
CARSON: Blacks must reject purveyors of dependency, victimhood
CARSON: Expanding our energy resources serves peace
CARSON: Getting to the top by starting at the bottom
CARSON: Obama is wrong that raising minimum wage will fix income inequality
CARSON: Political correctness and the slavery of Obamacare
CARSON: The enduring spirit of the Tea Parties
CARSON: The feeling behind ‘Merry Christmas’--A wish of good cheer is not meant to offend
CARSON: Thinking for ourselves--The rewards of independence and common sense are many
CARSON: To counter coarseness, choose civility - The many give in to media-promoted indecency
CARSON: Why those in power should act like adults
CARTOON: A Clockwork Organizer
CARTOON: Obamek
CARTOON: On Un-American Activities
CARTOON: The IRONic Lady
CAT CAFES in Japan! [video]
CAT FIGHT! Stunning Photos of Tigers Slashing Each Other in Dramatic Battle over Territory
CATHOLIC CAUCUS: The Catechism Explained - Introduction - II How are we to attain to eternal happin
CATHOLIC CAUCUS: The Catechism Explained III. Can We Attain Perfect Happiness On Earth?
CATHOLIC CAUCUS: The Catechism Explained – Introduction – I For what end are we on this earth?
CATHOLIC CAUCUS: The Catechism Explained – Pt. I Faith - I. The Knowledge Of God
CATHOLIC CAUCUS: The Catechism Explained – Pt. I Faith - II. Divine Revelation
CATHOLIC CAUCUS: Vatican Commission Completes Medjugorje Investigation
CA’s top court rules illegal alien can join bar
CBC asks that Issa be stripped of gavel
CBC dislikes Jarrett's message
CBC to go after Obama (Congressional Black Caucus picks out the racists)
CBO Director: ‘Large and Growing Federal Debt’ Could Produce ‘Fiscal Crisis’
CBO Obamacare job loss worse than reported
CBO Repeatedly Confounded Liberals, Vindicated Conservatives in February
CBO Responds to Obamacare Controversy [Backtracking to help the Clown?]
CBO just went and fouled up a great Democratic election issue
CBO: O-Care slowing growth
CBO: Obamacare Will Lead To 2 Million Fewer Workers In The Labor Force By 2017
CBO: Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour could eliminate 500,000 jobs by 2016
CBO: The rich pay OVER 100 percent of taxes [income taxes]
CBO: health care law (Obamacare) will reduce jobs by 2 million
CBO:Top 40% Paid 106.2% of Income Taxes; Bottom 40% Paid -9.1%, Got Avg of $18K in 'Transfers'
CBS Allows a Real Journalist to Resign
CBS Blames Global Warming For Bad Winter
CBS Blames Global Warming for Harsh Winter Weather
CBS Ends 6-Month Censorship of IRS Scandal to Tell Viewers FBI Won't File Charges
CBS Fakes Engine Noise on Electric Cars
CBS News Spills Beans, Whitehouse Press Briefings are staged and rehearsed, Cover-up being attempted
CBS News: Washington Children Lose Access To Doctors Due To ObamaCare
CBS Notices 'Another Problem' With ObamaCare – Higher Deductibles; ABC, NBC Omit
CBS Touts Dem Effort to Make Koch Brothers 'Public Enemy Number One'
CBS World News Today (12/26/43)
CBS World News Today – April 2, 1944
CBS World News Today – February 20, 1944
CBS World News Today – February 27, 1944
CBS World News Today – February 6, 1944
CBS World News Today – January 16, 1944
CBS World News Today – January 9, 1944
CBS World News Today – March 12, 1944
CBS World News Today – March 19, 1944
CBS World News Today – March 26, 1944
CBS World News Today – March 5, 1944
CBS/NYT Poll: Majority of Americans Disappointed With Obama's Presidency
CBS2 Takes 20th Anniversary Look Back On The Devastating Northridge Quake
CBS4 Exclusive: Wal-Mart Employee Arrested For Shooting Co-Worker’s Car Over Award
CBS: White Basketball Player Is Basically Jesus
CBS’ Sharyl Attkisson addresses New York Times report on Benghazi
CCSO probes Border Patrol shooting death near Portal
CD2 incumbent Simpson notches Chamber of Commerce endorsement (Chamber of Amnesty on tour...)
CDC Launching Another Graphic Anti-Smoking Campaign
CDC Report: Chikungunya Fever Outbreak in Southern U.S. Probable
CDC Urged To Investigate Mystery Polio-Like Illness Affecting California Kids
CDC finds women shunning babies for little lapdogs
CDC: 221 sickened by synthetic pot in Colorado
CDC: U.S. Fertility Rate Hits Record Low for 2nd Straight Year; 40.7% Babies Born to Unmarried Women
CDF Prefect: Church Will Not Change Doctrine on Divorce/Remarriage
CDF prefect says SSPX in schism, suspended from sacraments
CEO Howard Lutnick Said to Be Mulling Mayoral Run
CEO seeks Penn State seat, attacks 'sinister fiction'
CEOs Of Stock Exchanges Brawl On CNBC Over High Freq. Trading As NYSE Floor Traders Go Crazy
CFTC Takes A Page From NSA; Broker Recording
CGI (Fed Contractor for Obamacare) Dropped
CGI to Be Replaced by Accenture on Obamacare Contract
CHALLENGER TO JOHN CORNYN BRINGS NDAA CONTROVERSY INTO TEXAS RACE (Stovall)
CHICAGO: PREGNANT TEEN KILLED DURING CHRISTMAS DAY ROBBERY THAT SHE PLANNED
CHILEAN ANARCHISTS TEACH ANTI-CAPITALIST TACTICS TO AMERICAN STUDENTS
CHINA SUCCESSFULLY SOFT-LANDS PROBE ON THE MOON
CHINA TYCOON 'IN TALKS TO BUY NEW YORK TIMES'
CHINA'S EMPLOYMENT INDEX FALLS TO FIVE-YEAR LOW
CHINA: Our Smog Is A Major Defensive Advantage On The Battlefield
CHINESE DELIVERY OF FAKE PHARMACEUTICALS UNCOVERED
CHP, Fire Department Make Peace In Chula Vista After Testy Exchange, Arrest
CHRIS CHOCOLA: Thad Cochran has a liberal record in the U.S. Senate
CHRIST, CHRISTMAS & OUR CIVILIZATION
CHUCK SCHUMER CALL ON IRS TO CRACK DOWN ON TEA PARTY FUNDING: ‘REDOUBLE THOSE EFFORTS IMMEDIATELY’
CHURCHILL PREDICTS FAR BIGGER AIR DRIVE, BUT WARNS NAZIS MAY NOT FALL IN 1944 (2/23/44)
CHURCHILL VS. ROBT. E. LEE
CIA Accused Of Spying On Intelligence Committee
CIA CHIEF: JIHAD A PRODUCT OF INJUSTICES, ECONOMICS, AND IGNORANCE
CIA Director defends Koran, defines Islamic teaching
CIA Director: Jonathan Pollard Is In Prison Because He's Jewish
CIA Files From Benghazi: Now in the Hands of Al Qaeda?
CIA Knew al-Qaeda Involved In Benghazi Attack From The ‘Get-Go’
CIA Lawyer: Waterboarding Wasn't Torture Then And Isn't Torture Now
CIA Official Dies in Apparent Suicide
CIA decorates two ex-agents, jailed in China for 20 years
CIA director: Benghazi rescuers required to sign non-disclosure agreements because contracts
CIA officer confirmed no protests before misleading Benghazi account given
CIA official dies in apparent suicide
CIA papers show Panetta spilled bin Laden secrets
CIA suspends chief of Iran operations over workplace issues
CIA was Involved in Benghazi Attack
CIA's lies on Libya: Benghazi protest never happened
CII chief opposes laws against polygamy (Pakistan)
CIRCLE THE CAT
CLARKE: Liberal policies have destroyed the black family
CLIMATE CHANGE GROUPS SEEK NEW LEADERSHIP AS GREEN MOVEMENT LOSES MOMENTUM
CLINTON SAYS SHE IS 'THINKING ABOUT' 2016 PRESIDENTIAL RUN
CMT vs BET?
CNBC’s Jim Cramer buses tables at his Brooklyn restaurant
CNBC’s Jim Cramer: Amnesty Supporters ‘Don’t Care’ About American Workers (Video)
CNN "SHOCKER": MH370 Intact, All Alive, Plane Was Followed By Military Jets (Video)
CNN Analyst Zakaria Backtracks on 'Fantasy' Eastern European Missile Defense Program
CNN Analyst: It’s Okay to Make Racist Jokes about Romney’s Black Grandkid ‘Because Romney’s White’
CNN Apologies for Erroneously Reporting Soccer Legend Pele Died
CNN Apologizes: Hillary Clinton ‘Was Not Laughing’ About Benghazi (w/Video)
CNN Cancels 'Piers Morgan Live' (Good Riddance)
CNN Chief Jeff Zucker: “We Have Had A Really Good Year”
CNN Declares No Two Sides to Climate Change Debate
CNN Endorses Right to Life...For Animals
CNN Exclusive: Analysis shows 2nd possible Indian Ocean path for Malaysia airliner (Likely crash)
CNN Guest Says Depiction of White Jesus Has Been Used to Kill Millions...
CNN Has Lowest Rated Week in the Demo in 20 Months
CNN Host Grills Wasserman Schultz About Thinking Christie’s Hiding Something While Obama Always
CNN Lays Off 40+ Senior Journalists
CNN Money: Gun Sales to Women Rising
CNN Poll: 59% approve of sanctions against Russia
CNN Poll: Bush Still Blamed for Economy -- But Obama Might Assume Blame by 2016
CNN Poll: GOP Has Edge in Early Midterm Indicator (55% support anti-Obama candidates)
CNN Poll: GOP has edge in early midterm indicator
CNN Poll: Health care law support drops to all-time low
CNN Poll: Heath care law support drops to all-time low
CNN Poll: Rand Paul goes where his father never went
CNN Presents: After Jesus — The First Christians (CNN hit piece on Jesus)
CNN Pundit Defends Obama: "All Presidents Lie" [Video]
CNN Pundit Shrugs Off Obama's Lie: 'Every President Is Going to Lie to You' (for you own good)
CNN Pundit: Obama’s Speeches “A Lot Like Sex… Excellent!”
CNN Shutters CNN Latino
CNN Slams Pro-Lifers: “They Want Women to Have No Control Over Their Own Bodies”
CNN To Test Legal Show ‘Making The Case’ In Primetime
CNN Unveils New Primetime Schedule, Adds Mike Rowe
CNN analysis: Some college athletes play like adults, read like 5th-graders
CNN anchors battling for Morgan’s time slot
CNN apologizes profusely after airing video of Hillary Clinton laughing
CNN claims Putin is Bullying Obama
CNN exclusive: Feds investigating Christie's use of Sandy relief funds
CNN exclusive: Obama says Walmart, Apple, others to help jobless
CNN journalist admits Obama racial double standard on air
CNN lays off more than 40 journalists
CNN liberals bash Justice Clarence Thomas for his shocking statements about race
CNN panel makes up facts to defend Obama from Gates criticism (VIDEO)
CNN poll shows pessimism continuing on economy
CNN poll: 58% now oppose abortion in most or all cases
CNN poll: ObamaCare support cratering at 35/62
CNN producers busted trying to get into WTC site
CNN reports ObamaCare approval “rebounding” (Almost entirely among 'upscale' Americans)
CNN unwillingly reveals how decayed chavismo is
CNN's 'Piers Morgan' to end in three weeks; Bill Weir, Jake Tapper to sub at 9 p.m.
CNN's Chicagoland makes white Chicagoans look good
CNN's Crowley: Why Would the Out-of-Work Vote Republican? (Why Would Anyone Vote DemocRat?)
CNN's Dana Bash to Rep. Eric Cantor: Happy Holidays!
CNN's Don Lemon: 'As A Journalist, You Weigh How Much You Should Criticize The President
CNN's Piers Morgan questioned over phone-hacking
CNN's Stelter: Megyn Kelly Mightn't Have Insisted Santa Was White If Fox Had More Black Viewers
CNN's Van Jones: 'Delusional' to Not Act on Climate Change to Prevent 'A Billion Climate Refugees'
CNN's list to replace Piers Morgan includes Rosie O'Donnell and Ann Curry
CNN/ORC Poll (of adults): Majority say Obama's policies will fail
CNN/ORC Poll: Debt Ceiling blame game. Majority will blame Republicans if debt ceiling not raised.
CNN/ORC Poll: GOP Lead Growing for 2014(happy days are here at last)
CNN: Former WH Official Acknowledges Obama's 'Maybe' Not Good at Governing
CNN: Michelle Obama's 'Dress Probably Cost Around $12,000'
CNN: Piers Morgan out – Sarah Brady in
CNN: The Place to Go for a Few Laughs
CNN’s Big Important National News Team Doesn’t Cover Every Single Stupid Little Story, You Peons
CNN’s Candy Crowley Invokes ‘The Sound of Music’: ‘How Do You Solve a Problem Like Ted Cruz?’
CNN’s Don Lemon: ‘Is It Preposterous’ to Think a Black Hole Caused Flight 370 to Go Missing?
CNN’s Piers Morgan Signs Off With Final Blast At U.S. Gun Laws
CNN’s Van Jones: Obama’s Latest Comments on Race ‘Honest and Accurate’
CO Senator asked state to mislead the public about insurance cancellations
CO gunman liked debate, but acted "weird"
CO:Constitutional Carry Considered
CO:Man draws gun, kills threatening dog
CO:Well-armed young women help spike growing gun-ownership numbers
CODEVILLA: Government’s secret backdoor to your email
COLA Wars
COLD SHOCK: Warming up your car illegal!
COLD SHOULDER: ABC, CBS Exclude Scientists Critical of Global Warming for More Than 1,300 Days
COLORADO SHERIFFS STAND UP, RESIST NEW RESTRICTIONS ON GUN RIGHTS
COME AGAIN: Liberal Radio Host to NRA Board Member, ‘I Will Shoot You’
COMMENTARY: Bishop Michael Pfeifer: Immigration reform needed
COMMITTEE CHAIRMAN DEALS BLOW TO IMMIGRATION PUSH
COMMON CORE: Sen. Lamar Alexander’s continued attempts to change the subject
CONFIRMED: Obama WH Turned Down Offer to Build O-Care Website for Free – Blew a $1 Billion Instead
CONFIRMED: The DEA Struck A Deal With Mexico's Most Notorious Drug Cartel
CONFLICT WITH RUSSIA GALVANIZES UKRAINE'S IDENTITY
CONGRESSMAN: WE CAN DEFEAT AMNESTY, EXECUTIVE ORDERS
CONNECTICUT GUN OWNERS WAIT IN LINE TO DO SOMETHING MANY GUN OWNERS HOPE THEY NEVER HAVE TO
CONNECTICUT POLICE REFUSE TO ENFORCE NEW GUN CONTROL LAWS!
CONNECTICUT REQUIRES HEALTH INSURERS TO COVER GENDER CHANGE SURGERY
CONSERVATIVE LAWMAKERS WILL CHALLENGE GOP LEADERS ON IMMIGRATION REFORM (prior to Amnesty Retreat)
COPS, MEDIA: 'KNOCKOUT' INJURIES 'MINOR'
COPS: Drunk Driver Bought Six-Pack Moments After Causing Seven-Car Accident
COS Tele-Townhall (tonight 8pm EST)
COULD WE GET SOME IMMIGRANTS WHO CAN TAKE A POLL?
COVER-UP MODE: M'sian authority mum on dubious passport duo, insist all protocol followed
CPAC 2014 - The Honorable Senator Ted Cruz (video)
CPAC 2014: Why anarchy fails
CPAC 2014: maybe the Republicans aren't so insane after all
CPAC Audience: Legalize It!
CPAC Immigration Debate Stacked 3-to-1 with Pro-Amnesty Panelists
CPAC Immigration Panelist: ‘Latino Voters Are the Reagan Democrats of Today’
CPAC MAKES NO ROOM FOR PRO-LIFE PANEL
CPAC Update: Sarah Palin shines, Rand Paul wins piece of straw
CPAC Welcomes Gay Rights Groups After Years of Exclusion
CPAC chairman: Christie will likely be invited this year
CPAC to Palin: ‘Run, Sarah, Run!’
CPAC un-invites American Atheists
CPAC-alypse 2014: Overdosing On Conservatism, A Contradiction In Terms?
CPD: Gang ring investigation leads to arrest of 'most dangerous criminals in Hamilton County'
CPS report highlights stolen funds, fake vendors, ‘ghost students’
CRIMEA RIVER
CRISES IN CLIMATOLOGY
CRITICAL Questions about CNN, MSM Executive Producers, and Benghazi. (Vanity.)
CRUZ STORMS GOP ESTABLISHMENT STRONGHOLD IN SUNSHINE STATE WITH RECORD-SETTING CROWD
CRYSTALLOGRAPHY
CSGV turns out 15 to lobby against NRA at a VISA office
CT Cop to Gun Owning Patriot John Cinque: “I Cannot Wait to Get the Order to Kick Your Door In”
CT Cop to Gun Owning Patriot: “I Cannot Wait to Get the Order to Kick Your Door In”
CT Gov to Gunowner: ‘You Lost,’ Gun Control Proponents Won. (Talk about arrogance!!!!)
CT Governor Dannel Malloy to Gun Owners: “Your Side Lost,” Get Over It
CT Obamacare Exchange, Praised in Rose Garden, Gave Wrong Info for Every Single Individual Plan
CT Patriot Gp. Fights Against Confiscation: ‘We're Armed… & Familiar w/Finer Points of Marksmanship’
CT Sends Out Letters to Gun Owners: “Surrender, Destroy or Sell” Your ‘Assault Weapons’
CT cop will be glad to break down door of legal gun owner.
CT health exchange hopes to 200,000 enrollees(118K in Medicaid)
CT lawmaker proposes ban on plastic bags
CT:Courant could be shown costs of calling for arrests of ‘undocumented gun owners’
CTA: City Threatens Tactical Store with Jail Time for AR-15 Sign
CTA: City Threatens Tactical Store with Jail Time for AR-15 Sign [video only]
CU Employee On Leave For Phone Sex Business, Soft Core Videos (Cultural diversity coordinator)
CU-led study says Bering Land Bridge a long-term refuge for early Americans
CUOMO’S GLASS HOUSING - His HUD closet is full of skeletons.
CURL: God making a comeback in Hollywood
CURL: Into Year 6, Obama admits he’s clueless
CURL: We completely overhauled American health care — to insure 4.2 million people?
CVS Becomes First Drugstore to Yank Controversial Product From Its Shelves
CVS Caremark plans to stop tobacco products sales
CVS tobacco ban just the start. Next: soda
CVS’s decision isn’t really about smoking
Ca. Sen. Leland Yee codefendant granted bail, but not freed (RAT Keith Jackson)
Cabela’s Announces Plans for Bowling Green, Ky., Cabela’s Outpost Store
Cabela’s Announces Plans for Fort Mill, S.C., Store
Cabela’s Inc. Announces Passing of Richard N. Cabela, Co-Founder and Chairman Emeritus
Cabela’s® Announces Plans for Noblesville, Ind., Store
Cabela’s® Announces Plans for Three New Stores (Idaho, Virginia and Georgia)
Cabinet to Approve Benefits to Residents of South
Cable Nets Cut Away from Obama to Cover Christie Bridgegate Press Conference
Cable News Audience Tapering Off, Online News Video Growing
Cable News Ratings for Thursday, December 5, 2013
Caddell Bombshell: GOP Establishment Wants the IRS to Go After the Tea Party
Caddell: Establishment Republicans Want IRS to 'Go After' Tea Party
Cadillac ELR: Mary Barra’s First Embarrassment?
Cairo campus set ablaze as protesters, police clash
Cairo court bans Hamas activities in Egypt
Cake Shop Owner Files Appeal After Judge Rules He Must Sell Wedding Cakes for Same-Sex Ceremonies
Cal. State Senator Kevin de Leon displays a laughable ignorance about guns
Calculating the health care individual mandate penalty
Caldara: Colorado’s terrible election law has real-world consequences
Cale McLellan, Son of San Jose Sharks Head Coach Todd McLellan, Sinks Back-to-Back Holes-in-One
Caleb Jacoby (student, age 16) missing from Brookline, MA since Monday morning, Jan. 6.
Caleb Jacoby, teenage son of Boston Globe columnist Jeff Jacoby, is missing
Calif. Leaders Push For Smartphone ‘Kill Switch’
Calif. Seeks Appellate Hearing On High-Speed Rail
Calif. Senate Urges Congress To Revisit Vote On NSA Surveillance
Calif. State Senate Votes To Suspend SoCal Lawmakers
Calif. Supreme Court Rules Law School Data On Race, Attendance, Grades Should Be Available To Public
Calif. Unemployment Dips, 30K Jobs Lost In January
Calif. [Catholic] diocese settles 2 abuse suits for $3.8M
Calif. couple strike $10 million gold-coin bonanza
Calif. high school student charged after fight with teacher
Calif. lawmaker convicted of voter fraud, perjury
Calif. schools prepare for transgender rights law
Calif. state Senator Yee case: 'Shrimp Boy' Chow's criminal history
Calif. state Senator Yee's arrest adds to Democrats' scandals
California 'lifers' leaving prison at record pace
California AG Appeals Ninth Circuit Concealed Carry Ruling
California Adopts Failed Venezuelan Model Of Energy Management
California Asian-Americans show strength in blocking affirmative action revival
California Asks Obama to Welcome Illegal Aliens to ObamaCare
California Assembly elects new leader
California Bill Seeks To Put Warning Label On Soda, Sugary Drinks
California Bishop Removes ‘Openly Homosexual’ Priest from Berkeley Campus Parish
California Counters Arizona With Anti-God, Anti-Heterosexual Legislation [SATIRE!]
California Couple Finds $10M Buried Treasure in Back Yard
California DMV Says no Evidence of Computer System Breach
California Democrat Decries 30-Caliber-Magazine-Clip-Guns in Stunning Display of Idiocy
California Democrats Push 'Comprehensive' Background Checks for Ammo Purchases
California Democrats intent on damage control after Leland Yee arrest (gun-running Dem a downer)
California Democrats will push background checks for ammunition
California Driver’s License Program Hits an Unexpected Hurdle
California Driver’s License Program Hits an Unexpected Snag (Illegals don't trust govt)
California Farmers Hire "Water Witches" to Find Water
California Firm Recalls Unwholesome Meat Products
California Forcing Guns Off the Market
California GOP seeks return to Reagan blue (take back color, label the Dems as red)
California Highway Patrol Officer Arrests Chula Vista Firefighter at Scene of Accident
California Hijack Call Leads Police to 12 Tons of Pot
California Lawmaker Proposes Bill To Regulate 3D Printed Guns
California Legalized Selling Food Made At Home And Created Over A Thousand Local Businesses
California Lottery official: Sole winner of $425M February Powerball jackpot comes forward
California Man Confesses to 40 Killings
California Man Walloped With 14-Year Sentence for Shining Laser at Helicopter
California May Pass Law to Protect Black People from Soda
California Mosque with Collapsing Ceilings, Raw Sewage, Claims Freedom of Religion
California Officially Working To Protect Fictional Environment
California Opening New DMV Office -- For Illegal Aliens ONLY
California Public University Pays Employees To Learn Spanish
California Republican Tim Donnelly releases one of the strangest ads ever (María Conchita Alonso)
California Seeks to Redefine Consensual Campus Sex as Rape
California Senate erases websites of 3 lawmakers, including Leland Yee
California State Sen. Leland Yee charged with promising guns, missiles from Muslim group...
California State Sen. Yee's Arrest Partner
California State Senate deletes website, online archives of 3 disgraced Democrats
California State Senator Denies Hypocrisy
California Students File Constitutional Challenge to Teacher Firing Practices
California Supreme Court Rules That Illegal Immigrant Should Get License to Practice Law
California agrees to compensate 14 raped sex workers
California almond farmers face tough choices
California bartenders must now wear GLOVES under new state law
California bill seeks to extend subsidized health care to illegal immigrants
California bishop urges faithful to sign up for health insurance
California bus crash: 5 students among 10 killed; at least 30 injured
California city OKs parade despite gay exclusion (Westminster)
California city declares Sriracha maker a nuisance [time to stock up on Rooster Sauce?]
California college borrower numbers soar
California couple finds $10 million in rare coins while out walking dog
California couple finds $10M in gold coins buried in their yard
California couple in $10M gold find may owe gov’t about half, report says
California court lets undocumented immigrant practice law
California doctors, insurers face off over reimbursement rates
California drought: Obama to visit state to highlight crisis (FResno Friday FReeP Opportunity?)
California drought: Scientists puzzled by persistence of blocking 'ridge'
California drought: Scientists to probe cause
California energy companies are getting the heck outta’ dodge and moving to Texas
California extends payment deadline for Obamacare policies to Jan. 15
California farmers hire dowsers to find water
California farmers won't get federal water
California gov. Jerry Brown will seek re-election
California grants law license to immigrant [Illegal Alien]
California gubernatorial candidate Tim Donnelly defends ad
California gun parts store refuses to turn over customer list to federal officials
California gun shop drops the smart gun after furious backlash
California health exchange callers suffer hang-ups as deadline nears (Waah)
California health exchange shares data without permission
California health insurance exchange struggling to enroll Latinos
California illegal immigrants can get law license, state Supreme Court rules
California inmate dies while awaiting execution
California kids enlist in Mexico militias to rout a drug cartel
California law proposal would put health warning labels on soda
California lawmakers reconsider bare-hand food ban
California lawmakers suspend three disgraced senators with pay
California lawyers say Mississippi’s state flag must go
California leaders outline 'kill switch' bill
California man falls off Bay bridge after allegedly attempting to throw wife over
California man swept out to sea during Sunday baptism
California mulls how to regulate ‘driverless cars’
California positively gets a negative from Tesla on battery factory
California senator unveils bill to give health care to undocumented immigrants
California sheriff who says $276,000 pension not enough fuels push for reform
California sisters fighting back after professor steals graphic pro-life sign
California spends $1.37M on ObamaCare web stream featuring Richard Simmons
California state Senator Leland Yee: Part-time politician, full-time arms dealer
California store’s sale of smart guns prompts furious backlash
California student files claim over racial abuse
California students file suit aimed at tenure law
California students forfeit constitutional rights to Mexicans
California students sue over teacher tenure
California students sue state over ineffective teachers
California teen recovers devastating coma thanks fish oil
California teen sells pot brownies to buy prom dress, may get deported to Mexico
California to open facilities for ONLY illegal immigrants’ driver’s licenses
California's 'wall of debt' is only a slice of its liability problem
California's Anti-GMO Hysteria
California's Brownshirt Anti-Semitism Comes to Vassar
California's Drought Isn't Due To Global Warming, But Politics
California's employment picture: Good news and bad news
California's transgender law allows male high schooler to make girls' softball team
California's — And America's — Pension Debacle On Its Way: Watch Your Wallets
California, Hawaii: Apply for Carry Permits Now
California: "the past century has been among the wettest of the last 7,000 years."
California: A View of America's Immigration Future
California: Before And After The Drought, And Why It's Only Going To Get Worse
California: By the way, that bullet train isn’t actually going to be as fast as we said it would be
California: CEOs Rate It Worst U.S. Business Climate For 8 Years Running
California: GOP incumbents may be harmed by party abandoning immigration deal in D.C.
California: Lawsuit over mandatory teachers union dues moving ahead
California: Mexican Wrestler Battles ‘Border Patrol’ Bad Guys for Illegal Alien Audience (Video)
California: Obamacare Turning Cancer Patients Away
Californians Upset Over Lack Of Doctors Under Obamacare
Californians scrambling to make Monday deadline to sign up for health insurance
California’s Brown hears fracking gripes
California’s Health Exchange Removes Its Physician Directories Because of Errors
California’s Obamacare Scandal
California’s Two Droughts: The wages of nature and folly combined.
Call No Man Father
Call Now to Thwart Attack on Faith-Based Homeschooling (in VA)
Call a Constitutional Convention, Already! Article V: A gift from the founders.
Call a liberal one of these and they might actually agree with you...
Call climate change what it is: violence
Call for independent counsel better late than never but false premise continues
Call girl tell-all: Eliot Spitzer liked to choke me, was into ‘struggle’
Call made for slavery reparations from abroad
Call the Hypocrisy Police: Michelle Obama Praises Free Speech on China Trip That Banned Journalists
Call to action NE Freepers. Tell your state reps to vote NO on LB1058 (National Popular Vote)
Callaway, a Georgian Visionary
Caller's Experience with Covered California
Callers Help Officials Track Loose Moose in Eastern Iowa
Calling A Swastika A Swastika
Calling Condoleezza Rice, Calling Condoleezza Rice.
Calling His Bluff
Calling a Spade a 'Garden Implement' Doesn't Make it a Hoe
Calling attention to slaughter of white farmers in South Africa is racist
Calling sentence disparities unfair, Obama pardons 8 crack offenders
Calling the Global Warming Charlatans Nazis
Calling the Global Warming Charlatans “Nazis”
Calls mount to end ban on oil exports as US production booms
Calls on Airliners Are Annoying, but Must We Legislate Them?
Calumet Township Trustee's office in Gary raided by FBI
Calvin Turnquest for Congress
Cambridge police: Mass Ave sucker puncher not.....
Camel Wrestling ... Yes, It's a Real Thing
Camel bones suggest error in Bible, archaeologists say
Camel escapes, attacks man in Southern California
Camel in a Can and 6 More Weird Canned Meats
Camera Captures Sucker Punch Attack On Cambridge Sidewalk
Cameron Baird, killed in Afghanistan, is awarded the Victoria Cross
Cameron to Shoot 3 'Avatar' Sequels in New Zealand
Cameron to shoot 3 'Avatar' sequels in New Zealand
Cameron’s EU plan to scrap ‘ever closer union’ and limit migration
Camille Paglia: A Feminist Defense of Masculine Virtues
Camp Pendleton: Marine claims court reps unfit - UCI
Campaign Finance Law Enables IRS Harassment of Conservatives
Campaign Urges West Virginia Governor to Sign Bill Banning Abortions After 20 Weeks
Campaign against UN Women to decriminalise pimping, buying sex
Campaign to save dog in Arizona mauling (Dogs of Peace-Facebook pro pitbull fans support dog)
Campbell Brown: Unions Won’t Support Bill to Keep Sex Predators Out of Classrooms
Campbell Co. Girl Asked to Leave School Because of Boyish Appearance
Campbell sheriff: Teen kills attempted abductor
Campobello woman gets 20 years in breast milk homicide of daughter
Campus Chaplain Defends Muslim Prayer Room At Christian University ( Texas )
Campus brownshirts rising
Can A Person Intentionally "Up" Their Tolerance To Alcohol To Avoid The Sin Of Drunkenness?
Can Angela Merkel prevent a new Cold War?
Can Elon Musk -- and Save Taxpayers Billions of Dollars?
Can Europe wean itself from Russian natural gas?
Can George P. Bush trade on his name and ethnicity?
Can Government Help Workers by Making Them More Expensive?
Can Governors use their pens & phones & deport "Dreamers" anyway? (Or ignore federal laws?
Can Handguns Be Banned In Oklahoma?
Can Israel Say No to the Kerry Peace Plan?
Can MIT Help Solve the Mystery of Bigfoot?
Can Mitch McConnell survive so many hits?
Can Obama Rise To Carter's Level?
Can Obama dig himself out after the Obamacare plummet?
Can Obamacare Avoid a Consumer Rebellion?
Can Obama’s Legal End-Run Around Congress Be Stopped?
Can Privatization Save the Treasures of Ancient Greece?
Can Quiet, Efficient 'Space Elevators' Really Work?
Can Racist Love Jesus?
Can Rep. Joe Wilson be Vindicated Now?
Can Rick Perry Get A Second Chance With GOP Voters In 2016
Can Samantha Power wage a war on atrocities in Central African Republic
Can States Require Proof of Citizenship for Voting?
Can The ObamaCare Enrollment Numbers Be Believed?
Can This Man Feed the World? Billionaire Harry Stine's Quest to Reinvent Agriculture -- Again
Can We Have a Priest and a Non-Catholic Minister at Our Wedding?
Can We Lose Our Salvation?
Can We Make Lust Taboo?
Can We Save America? Do You Want The Truth?
Can We Save the Catholic Church? (Preface to Hans Kung new book)
Can We Save the Soul of the GOP?
Can We Talk About Impeachment?
Can You 'Recuperate' Your 'Subjectivities'?
Can You Be Good Without God?
Can You Even Keep or Afford Your Medicine Under Obamacare?
Can You Guess Who I Am I? Shocker (Video)
Can You Spot the Snipers in These Photos?
Can a "Holiday" cookie really take you out of commission for an entire day?
Can a Baby Conceived by Rape Be Aborted? Megachurch Pastor Chris Oyakhilome's Response Sparks Debate
Can a Blind Person Be a Racist?
Can a Catholic Ever Elope?
Can a Louisiana Tea Partier beat the GOP establishment choice?
Can a gun protect India's women from rape and violence?
Can a lawsuit by nine students topple teacher tenure?
Can a puppet be a terrorist? In Egypt, this is a serious question
Can anyone recommend any good books on American foreign policy?
Can exorcisms help soldiers with PTSD?
Can government 'create' gay rights?
Can immigration reform transform the housing market?
Can of fermented fish, stuck in roof eave, is raising a cabin's roof
Can someone explain UVB-76 for me?
Can state weather Patrick administration's priorities
Can tear-jerkers turn you liberal? As Good As It Gets and The Rainmaker make you soppy, says study
Can the Federal Reserve Prevent Market Bubbles?
Can the Jews Be Destroyed? A Message For All Those Who Say Israel Has No Future
Can the Supreme Court duck the central issue in the Hobby Lobby case?
Can the indie movie, 'God's Not Dead' relive its early success this weekend?
Can we as Christians know who will "endure until the end" as Jesus said? No.
Can we parody President Ego’s self-parodying Mandela tribute? Yes. We. Can! [Photoshops]
Can whites escape post-Mandela bloodbath? ('...evidence of government incitement to genocide')
Can you guess the army's nationality by its ration pack?
Can you pass this test?
Can you say “busing” boys and girls?
Can your technology withstand the pace and level of regulatory strain?
Can “privatized” marriage work?
Can't connect my other computer to internet with U-Verse
Can't keep you doctor under Obamacare? Try simply finding a doctor in California
Canaan (CT) woman asks Dunkin Donuts to donate its leftovers
Canada Takes Its Place at the Table
Canada Takes its Place at the Table
Canada and Russia battle for the Arctic
Canada beats Sweden to win hockey gold
Canada has possible Ebola case: health officials
Canada headed for budget surplus in 2015 election
Canada high court strikes down all restrictions on prostitution
Canada is so cold residents are experiencing loud booms caused by 'frost quakes'
Canada is so cold residents are experiencing loud booms caused by 'frost quakes' R
Canada loses patience on Keystone XL, tells U.S. to decide
Canada more business-friendly than the United States now
Canada patient tests negative for Ebola
Canada plans claim that would include North Pole
Canada plans claim to resource-rich Arctic, including North Pole
Canada split over hijab-style Muslim police uniform
Canada to phase out home mail delivery to cut big losses
Canada's former Defense Minister says that aliens exist walk among us
Canada, the Rahn Curve, and the Size of Government
Canada: Jihad Mass Murder Plotter Was Canadian Idol Contestant
Canada: Martial arts class separated by gender to accommodate Muslim man
Canada: Muslim Cabbies Refuse Blind With Dogs
Canada: Palestinian Refugees—Fleeing Hamas
Canada: Physician Knowingly Funded Jihad, Says Prosecutor
Canadian Avalanche Rescue Cat Association {it is to lol}
Canadian Education & America’s Regression
Canadian Government slams the door in the face of Goliath enviro-supporting Rockefellers
Canadian Judge Awards $7 Million in Iranian Bank Assets to Victims of HAMAS and Hezbollah Terrorism
Canadian News Anchor Gives Warning To American Gun Owners
Canadian PM Harper is latest to fill leadership vacuum
Canadian Supreme Court strikes down prostitution laws
Canadian bishops will continue to oppose prostitution despite ruling
Canadian court strikes down anti-prostitution laws
Canadian dollar falls as housing starts slow
Canadian fighting with al-Qaeda-linked rebels killed in Syria
Canadian group pitches Alaska rail line for oil sands
Canadian gvmt canceled Nigerian president’s visit after he signed homosexuality law
Canadian navy ship adrift in heavy seas off Hawaii after engine room fire
Canadian ob/gyns, rads target entertainment ultrasound
Canadian rehab center installs crack pipe vending machine
Canadian sailor found dead during shore visit in the Seychelles
Canadian soldier on Afghan mission: 'I'm proud'
Canadian woman develops Scottish accent after concussion
Canadians with US citizenship required to file with IRS
Canal Boulevard business robbed at gunpoint, NOPD says
Cancel All Reality-TV Shows : They’re boring, unfunny, and across-the-board lame.
Canceled In California: People Eye Health Plans Off Exchange
Canceled! Airlines scrap record number of flights
Cancelled DishTV, changed mind, now they dont want me back
Cancer Patient Forced To Remove Hat at Nashville Restaurant
Cancer Survivor Killed By Hit & Run Driver
Cancer patient kicked out of Morton's Steakhouse for wearing beanie hat
Cancer patient: I'm devastated over Obamacare
Cancer patient’s treatment put on hold over ObamaCare
Cancer’s Ray of Hope
Candidate Col. Rob Maness Blasts Landrieu for Voting for Cop-Killer Defender
Candidate Doug Truax problem with the "AMERICAN WORKER"
Candidate Scott Lively shocks politicians and audience at Ma. LGBT gubernatorial debate.
Candidate for GOP Co. Chair arrested for fight outside Early Voting Site (TX)
Candidate for MA Attorney General Says He Will Use Executive Order to Req
Candidly speaking: Putin, Ukraine and the Jews
Candy Crowley: If I’m Unemployed or on Minimum Wage, ‘Why Would I Become Republican?’
Candy Crowley: ‘Why Would I Become a Republican' If I'm Unemployed or on Minimum Wage?
Canned Food Gone Bad
Canned Garands
Cannon resigns as mayor, faces federal corruption and bribery charges [NC]
Canon Fire: Burke vs. Wuerl
Canon Law and Consummating a Marriage
Canon Law and Fraudulent Marriages
Canon Law and Non-Infant Baptism
Cant Rush get better commercials than "Final Trim " or "AF Plus" (vanity)
Cantor Fitzgerald to Settle 9/11 Lawsuit Against American Airlines
Cantor Releases Updated Report on ‘Imperial Presidency’
Cantor in a pickle on voting rights
Cantor rival Mike Dickinson compares Tea Party to al Qaeda, Palin to bin Laden
Cantor sabotages conservatives in quest for speakership
Cantor's 'Pledge' At Center Of Secretive Immigration Push, Chairman Says
Cantor's Camouflage Conservative Cant (every Freeper should read this one!)
Cantor’s Big Business Agenda Sparks Primary Challenge
Cantor’s caucus problem
Capital One says it can show up at cardholders' homes, workplaces
Capitalism Calls Viral TSA Blogger Out of the Closet
Capitalism’s Carping Critics
Capitol Hill Feels Pains of Obamacare Sign-Up Troubles - now it's personal
Capitol Hill Staffers are Still Concerned About Obamacare's Impact on Them
Capitol Hill staffers hit errors galore as they try to sign up for ObamaCare
Capt. WILLIAM FRANCIS REICHERT, USA,
Captain & Tennille are getting divorced
Captain & Tennille file for divorce (love won't keep them together)
Captain America: Red, White, and False: Hollywood politics with fake patriotism.
Captain Cook's cottage vandalised with anti-Australia Day slogans for second year in a row
Captain and Tennille Getting Divorced
Caption Obama filling burritos
Caption Pelosi and Boehner
Caption This: What is Lincoln saying to Obama?
Caption Time
Caption the Clintons!
Caption the Obamas and their mad-capped Christmas elves
Caption the scene from the new Hollywood agenda
Caption this Photograph ("O-Care premiums to skyrocket")
Caption this photo of Bush looking annoyed with Obama
Caption this photo of Obama and Biden jogging (yes, jogging)
Caption this photo of Obama applauding France's president
Caption this photo of Obama getting a "checkup" from this kid
Caption this photo of Obama pushing a big red button with Zach Galifianakis
Caption this photo of Obama with his foot on the Resolute Desk
Caption this photo of Putin and smug Obama
Caption this photo of an uncharacteristically happy Hillary Clinton!
Caption this picture of "baby" Obama
Caption this picture of Obama in a mysteriously silly pose...
Caption this picture of our President!
Caption this portrait of a future Democrat
Caption this weird looking photo of Obama bowing his head and clasping his hands...
Car Bomber Blows Self Up Because He Forgot to Adjust Watch for Daylight Savings [Darwin Awards]
Car Chase Ends With Police Shooting Woman Dead
Car Dealers Are Terrified of Tesla’s Plan to Eliminate Oil Changes
Car bomb detonated outside Bank of Greece in Athens
Car bomb kills five in Hezbollah Beirut bastion: ministry
Car coolant rejected by Daimler is safe, say EU scientists
Car crashes into the Lodge in Canberra (official residence of Australian Prime Minister)
Car dealer fighting back against union
Car dealer sues Fenton man over repair YouTube video
Caracas-based blogger: Venezuela has imploded, video shows cops shooting civilians
Carbon Benefits Exceed Costs By Up to 500:1
Carbon Nanotube Energy? New Patent Filed by Seldon Technologies
Carbon-centric Climate Models fail consistently
Card. Meisner cites Pope Francis: No Communion for divorced, remarried
Cardinal Burke also removed from Congregation for Cause of Saints
Cardinal Burke opposes Cardinal Kasper's proposal for divorced/remarried Catholics
Cardinal Burke out; Wuerl in at Congregation of Bishops
Cardinal Burke stresses Catholic media’s 'supreme importance'
Cardinal Burke: Obama’s policies are ‘progressively more hostile toward Christian civilization’
Cardinal Burke: Pope Francis has spoken unambiguously on abortion, contraception, marriage
Cardinal Defends Publication of Blessed John Paul's Private Notebooks
Cardinal Dolan says "Bravo!"
Cardinal Dolan says "Bravo!" (to Gay Football Player Michael Sam)
Cardinal Dolan sets term limits that oust pastor of Our Lady Star of the Sea on Staten Island
Cardinal Dolan’s Religious-Liberty Win
Cardinal George resumes chemotherapy, cancels Rome trip for canonizations
Cardinal Joseph Bernardin Helped Hide Priest Abuse in Chicago, Documents Show
Cardinal Kasper says Church will soon give Communion to divorced, remarried Catholics
Cardinal Kasper says Pope Francis will soon instruct souls to disobey Church
Cardinal Kasper's Speech and "Die Zeit" -- Impressions of Strategic Planning
Cardinal Kasper’s New Approach to the Remarried has Shaky Historical Foundations
Cardinal Koch: “Putting Christ’s Seamless Garment Back Together” Interview About Church Unity
Cardinal Maradiaga: "One May Also Criticize This Pope, But With Love"
Cardinal Müller: Most Catholics are clueless about marriage
Cardinal O’Malley, Female Methodist Pastor Team Up on Ritual
Cardinal Schönborn: Pope Francis has already changed church
Cardinal outlines possible paths to Communion for divorced, remarried
Cardinal outlines possible paths to Communion for divorced, remarried - Catholic Caucus
Cardinal, bishops to celebrate Mass at border fence
Cardinals delve into divorce-remarriage debate
Cardinals try to manage expectations on divorce
Care for poor rooted in Gospel, not communism, Pope affirms
Careful. Maybe he's carrying a concealed gun
Careless: Gov Brown Is Harming California’s Seniors and Disabled… and the People Who Care for Them
Carey Institute To Explore "What If" Of Palin Presidency
Carey Wedler turns on Obama
Caribbean Payback: Europe's Former Colonies Battle For Slavery Reparations
Caring Enough to Say NO to Minimum Wage Madness
Caring for undocumented dialysis patients at UMC
Caring, Working and Strengthening
Carl Icahn says sellers ‘completely misinterpreted’ Apple’s results
Carl Paladino: The street fighter
Carlos Lopez-Cantera named Florida's lieutenant governor [Hispanic Republican]
Carlos Santana reunites with homeless former band member
Carlos Slim rakes it in with N.Y. Times (he loan sharked the old gray lady)
Carlsbad Corn Dog Company Files for Bankruptcy (Hot Dog on a Stick)
Carney Brushes Off Russian Threat of Nuclear Armageddon 'People say crazy things on TV all the time'
Carney Explains President’s “God’s Will” Comment
Carney Spends Nearly 5 Mins Struggling to Explain its Use of Misleading Gender Gap Stats
Carney Suggests Republicans are like Racists
Carney bristles at 'Lie of the Year' designation
Carney jeers, sneers at study saying Obama ignored Obamacare developer
Carney on Death of U.S. Teacher in Benghazi: ‘We Expect the Libyan Government to Investigate This’
Carney: 'Nobody spoke to the president' while issuing statement about Obama's uncle
Carney: ObamaCare enrollment errors 'a very small percentage'
Carney: Obamacare ‘Absolutely Worth It’ if Dems Lose the Senate
Carney: WH Wage Gap 'Better Than the National Average'
Carnival holiday may take heat out of Venezuela crisis
Carol Costello Doubles Down on CNN Declaration of No Climate Change Debate
Carolina Reaper pepper crowned the world's hottest pepper
Carolyn McCarthy, Mike McIntyre to retire
Carpenter's Wife Returns to Megachurch He Rebukes Christian Leaders Who Supported Divorce
Carr for Senate Launches Major Statewide Radio Buy: Hits Lamar on Amnesty, Obamacare, and the Debt
Carr's big boost
Carr: Deval Patrick should do Chris Christie dance
Carr: John Kerry is ‘totally oblivious’ and totally loving it all
Carrie Underwood sounds off on 'mean people' post-'Sound of Music'
Carrier Forrestal headed for scrap heap
Carrier USS George H.W. Bush staying in Mediterranean
Carrying On a Presidential Tradition, One Leisurely Round at a Time
Carrying a Tablet (Kindle, Ipad, Nexus,etc) While Male.
Carson on TCM: Gov Ronald Reagan - Saturday 10:15am - 10:30am
Carson tells Kingsport audience, 'Courage is what we need in America'
Cartel hitman testifies to 800 murders, daily quotas at kingpin's trial
Carter Blames Catholic, Southern Baptist Churches For Abuse of Women Around World
Carter Blames Catholic, Southern Baptist Doctrine For Abuse of Women Around World
Carter Blames Jews for Obama’s Snubs
Carter dismisses Clinton's State work [“took very little action”.....]
Carter says Obama doesn't call him for advice
Carter: 'My own communications are probably monitored'
Carter: Mandela belongs next to MLK, Gandhi and Mother Teresa
Carter: Obama couldn't stop Russia
Carter: ‘Inappropriate’ for U.S. to Block Member of Terrorist Group from Entering Country
Carthaginians sacrificed own children, archaeologists say
Cartoon I made of Obama at Mandela Funeral
Carville Hired by Fox News (Faux's rapid descent into irrelevancy)
Carville: Cruz or Perry Will be GOP Nominee
Carville: New York Times Will Win Pulitzer on Benghazi Story
Carville: O-Care a winning bet for Dems
Carville: Ted Cruz Would Make Great Candidate for Conservatives
Cary, Illinois woman charged with financial exploitation of elderly woman in her care
Case of accused arsonist highlights nuclear safety concerns in SC
Cash for Kidneys: The Case for a Market for Organs
Cash prizes for signing up for Obamacare?
Cashing In
Casino Royale: License to Chill
Casring Off The Cords...Psalm 2 pt 3
Casselton North Dakota Train Wreck Shows Keystone XL Need
Cassidy: “Landrieu Supports (Obama’s) Agenda 97% of the Time” (Interview w/FReeper abb)
Cast A Giant Shadow (1956 movie)
Casting a Fire Ant Colony with Molten Aluminum
Castro blasts Cruz, says Texans won’t stand for Obamacare repeal
Castro gets debate challenge in Twitter spat
Castro requests funds to pay World Heritage dues
Castro, Mandela, Obama: Which Doesn’t Belong and Why?
Cat Attack
Cat Lovers Outraged by the Use of Kittens to Sell Obamacare
Cat on a Sochi tin roof? Feline collapses Olympic arena ceiling
Cat parasite found in Arctic Beluga (global warming blamed!...?)
Cat rescuers scramble to save kittens from drain pipe, struggle to find donations and homes
Cat shot in head 17 times recovering after surgery
Cat vs Dog!! ( Kittah V Pitbull wrestle)
Cat vs Dog: A Trick Contest [video]
Catalina Island’s Bison Benefit From Birth Control
Catechism: you don’t know squat (Catholic Caucus)
Caterpillar 797 vs Landcruiser
Caterpillar avoided $2.4B in taxes, charges Sen. Levin
Catfight! Police hunt for two women who sparked huge Black Friday mall brawl… (Annapolis Mall)
Cathedral service marks millennium of Brian Boru’s death
Catherine Engelbrecht's Testimony at House of Representatives (video)
Catherine Stefani, head of Cali Moms Demand Action, is just another professional gun grabber…
Catholic Capitalist Replies to the Pope
Catholic Caucus: Euthanasia in Belgium - Its True Name
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 01-05-14, SOL, Epiphany of the Lord
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 01-12-14, Feast, Baptism of the Lord
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 01-19-14, Second Sunday in Ordinary Time
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 01-26-14, Third Sunday in Ordinary Time
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 02-02-14, Feast, Presentation of the Lord (Candlemas)
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 02-09-14, Fifth Sunday in Ordinary Time
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 02-16-14, Sixth Sunday in Ordinary Time
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 02-23-14, Seventh Sunday in Ordinary Time
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 03-02-14, Eighth Sunday in Ordinary Time
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 03-23-14, Third Sunday of Lent
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 03-30-14, Fourth Sunday of Lent, Laetare Sunday
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 12-08-13, Second Sunday of Advent
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 12-15-13, Third Sunday of Advent (Gaudete Sunday)
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 12-22-13, Fourth Sunday of Advent
Catholic Caucus: Sunday Mass Readings, 12-29-13, SOL, The Holy Family of Jesus, Mary and Joseph
Catholic Caucus: The Immaculate Conception of Mary helps us to see how God’s grace is revealed
Catholic Caucus: The Message of Lourdes
Catholic Caucus: What I Gave Up By Not Being A Priest
Catholic Caucus; Daily Mass Readings, 01-10-14
Catholic Caucus; Daily Mass Readings, 01-11-14
Catholic Caucus; Daily Mass Readings, 12-20-13
Catholic Chaplain’s Conviction[for Sexual Assault] Overturned
Catholic Church and non-sex birth control?
Catholic Church blasts Venezuela for 'brutal repression'of protestors
Catholic Church in North Nigeria Set Aflame [Where Is Obama Statement?]
Catholic Common Core Removes Books Celebrating Same-Sex Parents from First-Grade Unit Plan
Catholic DePaul University Invites Partial Birth Abortion Judge: 14,000 Pro-Lifers Protest
Catholic Diocese Under Fire for Refusing to Sell Property to Gay Couple (Here we go again)
Catholic Diocese of San Jose in tiff over Oratory Chapel
Catholic Fallacies: Private Interpretation
Catholic Group Slams de Blasio for Transition Team’s ‘Insult’
Catholic Groups Exempted from Contraceptive Mandate
Catholic Groups Win First Amendment Victory Over ObamaCare
Catholic League Calls For Boycott of Guinness, Sam Adams
Catholic League calls boycott
Catholic League's Bill Donohue Files Application to March in Gay Pride Parade
Catholic League's Bill Donohue Won't Be Marching in NY Gay Parade With 'Straight Is Great' Banner
Catholic League’s Bill Donohue calls for boycott of Guinness over St. Patrick’s Parade flap
Catholic Nuns Back Obamacare Contraception Access
Catholic Priest Target of Retaliation by Feds, Complaint Claims
Catholic Priests Who Become Non-Catholic Ministers
Catholic Program on Gays in Santa Rosa Draws Criticism
Catholic Sacraments - Explained without Protestant Bias
Catholic Sacraments - Richard Bennett (Former Roman Catholic Priest, Now a Calvinist)
Catholic School Teacher Fired Over Pregnancy [Montana]
Catholic Schools Pressed to Give Up Morality
Catholic Schools in U.S. Court China’s Youth, and Their Cash (secular source)
Catholic Univ. of America Professors Release ‘Catechism for Business’
Catholic University Leaders Reject Criticism of Koch Grant
Catholic archbishop leads boycott of businesses building Planned Parenthood abortion facility
Catholic bioethicist advises caution in Jahi McMath case
Catholic church in Mandeville (LA) mulls its options after appeals court ruling (denies zoning)
Catholic church will name 50+ priests who abused 100s of children in state
Catholic coach fired for work at Planned Parenthood
Catholic diocese settles suit over abuse allegations
Catholic flash mobs fill pews, lift prayers at NY churches
Catholic groups ask court to halt health care law
Catholic high school suspends teacher following sexual abuse allegations
Catholic leader brands immigration policies 'inhumane'
Catholic leaders stand with governor, mayor to call for minimum wage hike
Catholic parishes chartering Boy Scout Troops risk scandal
Catholic patriarch steels Ukraine for war while diplomats seek to breach impasse with Russia
Catholic priest ran cult-like 'Charlie Brown' group to sexually abuse young girls
Catholic school leader: Common Core ‘has a very utilitarian twist on education’
Catholic schools to rally outside abortion clinics across the U.S. this Friday
Catholic university to host ‘rainbow prom’ promoting same-sex ‘marriage’
Catholic university will give platform to pro-abortion peace activist who urged ‘beating’ pro-lifers
Catholic woman awaiting execution for blasphemy under sharia pleads with Pope Francis for support
Catholic word of the Day: GENEVA BIBLE, 12-05-13
Catholic word of the Day: HEROIC ACT, 03-22-14
Catholic, Are You Born Again?
CatholicFiction.net Seeks to Help Spread the Catholic Fiction Revival
Catholicism Growing in Heart of Muslim World
Catholicism growing in heart of Muslim world
Catholicism, Islam, and the Perils of Arguing from Authority
Catholics 'divided on issues such as divorce and birth control'
Catholics and Democrats in Chicago: Hanging on for Dear Life
Catholics and Muslims Fasting and Praying Together for Asia Bibi and Sawan Masih
Catholics mount legal challenge to Obamacare
Catholics on the Front Line
Catholics priests have rights, too! (Catholic Caucus)
Catholics wake up! It’s “Good Democrat” or “Good Catholic” you can’t be both
Catholics, Evangelicals Press GOP on Immigration
Cato's Tanner: 9-in-10 Obamacare Sign-Ups Are for Medicaid
Cats Slapping And Punching Dogs
Cats Stealing Dogs Beds
Cats and dogs fight for beds and sofa - Funny animal compilation (new stuff)
Cats that Look Like Hitler
Cats ‘domesticated in China over 5,000 years ago to prey on rodents’
Cattle Call: LeAnn Rimes & Eddie Arnold Red River
Caught On Cell Phone: LA Cop Punches Special Needs Girl In The Face On A Bus!
Caught in Yet Another Lie, Obama Forced to Admit He Lived With His Illegal Alien Uncle
Caught on Camera: Break-In at Santa Clara Electronics Company
Caught on Video: Wendy Davis' Attack Team Openly Mocks Greg Abbott For Being in a Wheelchair
Cause of Obesity Exposed: You May See “Fat” But All I Can See is Racism. Everywhere.
Cause of death released in teen shot by police with Taser
Caution: You’re Entering The Obamacare Spin Zone
Cautiously Looking Beyond the Fed
Caveat on Nelson Mandela
Caves found in Patagonia may unlock secrets of how continents formed
Cavuto: Obamacare Actual New Enrollees = 1.2 Million
Cayman Racer Snake Devours Iguana
Cdl Caffarra on Communion for "Remarried": Approval Would Mean Complete End of "Catholic Doctrine..
Cease Operations Order Issued to Freedom Industries (West Virginia Chemical Spill)
Cedar Hill homeowner shoots suspected would-be burglar on Christmas Eve
Cedar Hill mayor reflects after stepson killed breaking into home
Celebrate Conformity! (Mark Steyn)
Celebrate Gay Marriage—or Else: Why is Government Coercion Necessary?
Celebrate New Year’s at Applebee’s — for $375 Per Person
Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with Barry Beer!
Celebrate the year of Ted Cruz with 74 of his best quotes of 2013
Celebrating A Lost Son's Birthday
Celebrating Mediocrity At The Expense Of Merit
Celebrating National Clown Day: We’re all Bozos on this Bus
Celebrating Voter Fraud
Celebrating all things kitteh!
Celebrating the dignity of the disabled in a culture that advises aborting them.
Celebration: Obamacare 'Enrollees' Pass Three Million* Mark
Celebrities That Look Like Mattresses (photo gallery with descriptions)
Celebrities Who are Surprisingly Part Black (John Boehner's Grandmother Was Black)
Celebrities' SAT scores revealed amid controversy over regrading
Celebrity Hypocrites
Celebrity Snake Handler Acquitted
Celente Warns Of Coming Riots: “The Collapse Is Engulfing The World”
Cell Phone Camera Pet Peeve
Cells' Molecular Motor Diversity Confounds Evolution
Celtic Woman / Chloe Agnew - ''O Holy Night''
Cemetery creates first lesbian-only burial area (Berlin, Germany)
Cenk Uygur Blasts Greg Abbott for Campaigning with ‘Sexual Predator’ Nugent (2014 Dem talking point)
Census office survey scandal grows as inflation stats faked
Census: D.C. Suburbs Dominate Wealthiest List; Falls Church, Va
Censusgate: When and what did Labor know?
Center for the Study of Individual Rights
Central African Republic cannibal drags Muslim off bus and eats his leg 'to avenge murder of his...'
Central African Republic peacekeepers save Muslim group from violent crowd
Central African Republic's capital tense as ex-leader heads into exile
Central African Republic: UN launches human rights probe
Central African Republic: Where have all the people gone?
Central Banks Were Aware of Currency Rigging Eight Years Ago
Central Corridor train derails on icy patch in downtown St. Paul
Central Europeans want U.S. gas to cut dependence on Russia
Central Planning & U
Centralizing organ removal may benefit transplants
Centuries Before China's 'Great Wall,' There Was Another
Century of Violence: What World War I Did to the Middle East
Ceremony marks end of Task Force Helmand
Ch. 10: Obama sees no connection between Pollard and NSA spying...
Chadian peacekeepers kill 30 civilians in Central African Republic capital, officials say
Chairman Of Joint Chiefs: US Ready For "Military Response" In Ukraine
Chairman Salmon on Latest Benghazi Report
Chaka Fattah-linked non-profit investigated by Justice Dept
Chaldean Patriarch and Grand Mufti: Christians and Muslims Together for Peace in Iraq
Challenge your friend, be generous to your foe: Part one of a series on cultural dialogue
Challenger hopes to score off McConnell's campaign foul
Challenger to John Cornyn Brings NDAA Controversy into Texas Race
Challengers for US Texas Senate Seat Claim Support for Immigration Enforcement Controls (Cornyn MIA)
Challenging Alcoholic's Anonymous As The Leading Form Of Addiction Treatment
Challenging the Governments Arbitrary Closure of Privately-Funded Parks During the Shutdown
Chamber CEO: U.S. Needs More Low-Skill Immigration Since Americans Are Not 'Qualified" or 'Willing'
Chamber President: Nuclear Option Will Accelerate Unprecedented ‘Avalanche’ of Federal Regulations
Chamber of Commerce Ads to Run in Idaho, W.Va. (Chamber of Amnesty Alert...)
Chamber of Commerce Declares 2014 the ‘Year of Immigration Reform’
Chamber of Commerce Launches $50 Million War on Tea Party
Chamber of Commerce backs Cornyn in primary (Update: Will formally endorse Cornyn in Texas on 2/21)
Chamber of Commerce launches ads for Rep. Simpson and a former Democrat
Chamber of Commerce launches ads for establishment Republicans (Chamber of Amnesty)
Chamber of Commerce, Big Business to Boehner: 'Failure to Act' on Amnesty 'Not an Option'
Chamber of Commerce: Conservatives the 'Problem' in Amnesty Battle
Chamber of Commerce: Only Permanent Democratic Party Rule Can Solve Entitlements Crisis
Chamber spent $50 million on lobbying amid push for immigration reform
Chamber to 'pull out all the stops' to pass immigration reform in 2014 (Chamber of Amnesty)
Chamber will support establishment candidates against Tea Party
Chamber: McConnell 'True Champion for Free Enterprise'
Champaign County To Issue Same-Sex Marriage Licenses Early [Illinois]
Champions of Corruption Race [Map: Cost of Sochi Olympics]
Chancellor Fariña Announces Schools Are Open Today
Chancellor: Programs taken out of context (USC-Upstate)
Chang'E 3 Landing Full Video in HD (Rectified Version)
Change one word in this to "government" and this would be excellent advice for liberals...
Change to Westminster Dog Show gives stage to mixed-breed dogs
Change your passwords: Comcast hushes, minimizes serious hack
Change.org Crashes After 1.5 Million People Sign Petition To Overturn Olympic Figure Skating Result
Change: Obama Craters in New Harvard Poll of Young Americans
Changes in the Pacific: A Return to the 1930s
Changing The Narrative (Real Activism)
Changing from Oil to Propane? Freeper Input Needed.
Channeling Ronald Reagan in 2016
Channeling Will Rogers
Chaos in Spanish city as protesters rally against costly boulevard plan (VIDEO, PHOTOS)
Charge rage on rise over lack of Silicon Valley car charging stations
Charge £10 for A&E (ER) visits, say a third of GPs: Doctors want to impose basic fee…(UK)
Chargers Pitch New Downtown San Diego Stadium Plan, But Will Keep Eye On LA
Chargers’ Te’o Says He’s Ignored On-Field Flack Over Girlfriend Hoax
Charges Dropped Against Head of NAACP in South Carolina
Charges Filed in Nine More Potential Voter Fraud Cases [Iowa]
Charges Filed in Two Potential Cases of Voter Fraud in Muscatine County
Charges: 'Bigger gun' robbers hid overnight in woods with pregnant woman
Charges: Woman tried to set ex's house on fire with bacon
Charismatics in Context
Charity Gets No Respect
Charity by Force: Jesus vs. Marx (dispute between Rush Limbaugh and Pope Francis)
Charity offers to pay for 7-year-old's lifesaving treatment; drug maker still refuses
Charla Nash, victim of Travis the chimp, pleads for right to sue Connecticut
Charlemagne's bones are (probably) real
Charles Barkley to interview President Obama during All-Star weekend
Charles Barkley: 'Thug,' 'Street Cred' New 'N-words'
Charles Finney: “How to Overcome Sin”
Charles Haddon Spurgeon :: Morning and Evening
Charles Haddon Spurgeon :: Morning and Evening--26 March 2014
Charles Haddon Spurgeon: Morning and Evening-7 March 2014
Charles Koch Fights Back: Not with character assassination, but a formula for liberty
Charles Koch: I'm Fighting to Restore a Free Society
Charles Krauthammer proposes two-tiered minimum wage
Charles Schumer: Supreme Court ruling makes IRS less intimidating to Tea Party donors
Charles Seife's Jihad Against Human Space Flight Defies Scientific Conclusions
Charlie Cook:...one of the most dramatic shifts in a generic congressional ballot I’ve ever seen
Charlie Crist befuddled on why Sarah Palin wouldn’t pay more attention to him in ’08
Charlie Crist calls for end of Cuban embargo, Gov. Rick Scott responds
Charlie Crist invokes Jeb Bush on condition of GOP
Charlie Crist opening his campaign's first field office in Broward
Charlie Crist: God Bless Barack Obama!
Charlie Crist: God Bless’ Obama for Obamacare
Charlie Crist’s message to Democrats: I’m just like Barack Obama
Charlie Daniels to Piers Morgan: 'You Wouldn't Last Five Minutes' in the Duck Dynasty Swamps
Charlie Daniels: ‘Only People With Guts To Face Down Obama Is A Group Of Catholic Nuns’
Charlie Rangel and the Democrats' race obsession
Charlie Rangel: "Our community’s 9/11"
Charlie Rangel: The Tea Party “Cult” is Suffering from an “Illness”
Charlie Rose Wonders If Extreme Cold Snap 'Definitely Connected to Global Warming'
Charlie Sheen Blasts ‘Duck Dynasty’s’ Phil Robertson for ‘Unforgivable’ Comments
Charlie Sheen Who? Duck Dynasty Media Leach
Charlie Sheen unloads on 'Duck Dynasty' star’s comments on homosexuality
Charlie Wilson's War
Charlie ‘as conservative as you can get’ Crist to argue in new book that wingnuts hijacked the GOP
Charlize Theron convinced new boyfriend Sean Penn to give up his 65 guns
Charlotte Catholic High School students attack Catholic Sister faithful to Magisterium
Charlotte Mayor Patrick Cannon arrested, faces corruption charges
Charlotte [NC] Catholic High calls meeting for parents after uproar over [sister's] speech
Charlotte bishop: “Shocked at the lack of charity and respect” (Chastises trouble-making parents)
Charlotte diocesan, school officials apologize for controversial presentation on homosexuality
Charlotte diocese backs nun who gave school talk promoting Church teaching on homosexuality
Charlotte fallout: nun cancels all speaking engagements, takes leave from teaching
Charlotte mayor arrested just SIX MONTHS into job for allegedly taking $50,000 in bribes
Charlotte mayor arrested on federal corruption charges (North Carolina)
Charlotte mayor arrested on federal public corruption charges
Charlotte, NC, mayor facing corruption charges
Charlotte’s Arthur Smith, who wrote ‘Dueling Banjos,’ died Thursday at 93
Charming: Pelosi Calls Pro-Lifers "Dumb" While Accepting Planned Parenthood Award
Chart Of The Day: US Labor Force Declines By 25K Despite 2.4 Million Rise In Employable Americans
Chart of the Day - The Exploding Labor Intensity of Shale Drilling
Chart-topping Missouri nuns to release Lent album
Chart: Does Your Choice Of Booze Reveal Your Politics?
Charter Schools Serve More Low-Income Students Than Conventional Districts
Charter school success ignored and stymied by U.S. Senators
Charts of the day, world manufacturing output, 2012
Chase limits debit card use for customers at risk in Target breach
Chase-ing Bitcoin: Is JPM Preparing To Unveil Its Own Electronic Currency?
Chasing the Dream of Half-Price Gasoline from Natural Gas
Chattanooga among cheapest markets for ObamaCare (TN)
Chaudia Tenney ‘getting closer’ to challenging (ultra-RINO) Richard Hanna for House seat
Che Guevara SI!—Tea Party NO!
Cheap Emergency Foods We Often Overlook
Cheap Gun Opportunity in Opa-locka Florida, June 2014
Cheap Shot: ABC Invokes Sarah Palin in Story on Violent Little League Coaches
Chechen Leader Kadyrov Offers to Send Troops, Peacekeepers to Ukraine
Chechens ready to keep peace in Crimea - Kadyrov
Chechnya leader inaugurates new mosque in Israel
Check Out New Trailer for Dinesh D’Souza Film ‘America’
Check Your Debit, Credit Card Statements For “BLS WebLearn” Scam Transactions
Check out these enrollment numbers [email from nobama]
Checks, Balances, And Checkbooks
Cheerio! British Elitist Piers Morgan Out at CNN
Cheerios Brings Back Biracial Family for Super Bowl Ad (MSNBC race-baits conservatives)
Cheerios Brings Back Interracial Family For Its First Ever Super Bowl Ad
Cheers! To Champagne Entrepreneurs
Cheese and an 'enhanced experience': White House goes showbiz on the State of the Union address
Chefs Don't Agree With New California Law Requiring Gloves During Food Preparation
Chelsea Clinton says gay rights have made progress
Chelsea Clinton: Gay Rights the Primary 21st Century Human Rights Issue
Chelsea Handler to Piers Morgan: You're "Terrible," "This is Why Your Job is Coming to an End"
Chemical Spill Fallout (West Virginia)
Chemical in baby wipes 'causes scaly, itchy rashes on children's faces' study reveals
Chemistry teacher sets students on fire in science experiment disaster
Chengdu Aircraft Industry designing more advanced J-10C fighter
Cher: Obama Let Us Down
Chernobyl cap could be casualty of Ukraine crisis
Chesapeake, Encana face criminal antitrust charges in Michigan
Chess and True Freedom
Chester W. Nimitz Papers
Chet Curtis, longtime Boston TV news anchor, dies at 74
Chevrolet Sells 1,210 Volts In February, Off 26% From 2013
Chevrolet Showcases Gay Families In Olympics Opening Ceremony Ad
Chevrolet Volt Sales Flat In March
Chevron Takes Battle To Radical Environmentalist Lobby
Chevron vs Big Green: Capitalism Finally Grows a Pair
Chevy Camaro ZL1 owner fights dealership that totaled his car
Chevy Volt Electric Range Drops to 20 Miles in Cold
Chicago After Illinois Finally Passed Concealed Carry Law
Chicago Catholics to See Letter on Abuse This Sunday
Chicago Credit Rating Now Lower Than Any Major City Except Detroit
Chicago Extreme Cold: Weather in 'Chiberia' Colder Than South Pole
Chicago Fights Gun Rights, and Loses
Chicago Fraternal Order of Police Chicago Lodge #7 - Mayhem
Chicago Grassroots React to State of the Union--Obama
Chicago Loses Olympic Bid; CNN Freaks Out: "WHAT! [Flashback to Hilarity!]
Chicago Man Uses Kickstarter to Fund His Chipotle Burrito
Chicago May Double Property Taxes to Pay for Pensions
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel may look to California for strict rules on gun sales
Chicago PD Believes It Can See The Future, Starts Warning Citizens About Crimes They Might Commit
Chicago Police, members of Ex-Mayor Daley’s family sued for manslaughter cover up
Chicago Postal Workers To Protest Outsourcing of USPS Services to Staples
Chicago Sun-times First Major US Paper to Accept Bitcoins
Chicago Teachers Union Demands Schools Close Monday Due To Weather
Chicago Tribune Columnist: Wendy Davis Getting 'Swift-Boated' for Lying
Chicago crime heading down overall but plagues some neighborhoods
Chicago pension crisis called worst in nation
Chicago police underreported aggravated assaults, batteries in 2012
Chicago preacher James Meeks dumps Dems, backs GOP gubernatorial candidate
Chicago reverses course, cancels school on Monday
Chicago unions call for tax hikes instead of pension cuts (women, people of color hardest hit)
Chicago voters want gun limits, no taxi fare hikes
Chicago) Archdiocese agrees to pay up to $2.1 mil. to settle sex abuse suit
Chicago-area school officials don't like 'no guns' stickers that picture guns
Chicagoland: Where Bar-Going Tigers Are More Common than (Legal) Guns
Chicago’s Ukrainian community prays, mourns deaths of protesters
Chick-Fil-A to feed homeless every Tuesday this month (Columbia, SC)
Chick-Fil-A values (its Christian principles lacerated by Democrat bullies)
Chick-fil-A Takes KFC's Chicken Crown Even With Fewer Stores and Closing on Sundays
Chick-fil-A feeds stranded drivers
Chick-fil-A gives free food to motorists stranded in Southern snowstorm
Chick-fil-A in Chicopee draws 'First 100' crowd in line for $30,000 in free food
Chick-fil-A, One Year Later
Chicken Kiev or, Where Are Champions of Palestinians or "Indegenous" People Now?
Chicken conservation plan likened to mafia extortion ( Kansas )
Chicken from China? Your Seafood is Already Being Processed There
Chicken police? [When bunnies go bad] - Video
Chickens Come Home to Roost for Obama
Chickens Mob Gates of French Parliament (Protest Against Gay Marriage)
Chickens Roosting in the Crimea
Chickens Run Wild After Big Rig Crash in California
Chief Justice Roy Moore Wants U.S. Constitutional Amendment to Ban Gay Marriage
Chief Rabbi of Ukraine Urged Jews to Flee Kiev After Attack on Students
Chief economist’s apparent suicide is the latest in a series of bizarre deaths ...
Chief: LA Officers in Manhunt Shooting Will Return
Chief: Minneapolis apartment fire injures 13, 6 of them critically (Religion of Peace alert?)
Chief: Two suspects at large, one dead, in Forest Acres (SC) home invasion
Chihuahua Mama Adopts and Saves the Life of Tiny Kitten
Chihuahua takes owner’s car for joyride and crashes into stunned driver [w/video]
Child Sexual Abuse Case Involving Du Pont Heir Resurfaces
Child Shooter Backlash Hits Social Media
Child Who Survived Itamar Massacre: Why is Israel Releasing Murderers?
Child attempts suicide after being bullied at school for being a fan of My Little Pony
Child harassment charges dropped against 2 foreign officers at Fort Leonard Wood (muslims)
Child officials told to protect [Catholic] Church
Child transporter takes troubled — and unwilling — youth to chance for fresh start
Childless couples ‘have the happiest marriages’…but mothers are happier overall than anyone else
Children Sing Praises of Affordable Care Act
Children and Fatal Gun Accidents
Children at Risk
Children of rape offer support for Michigan abortion insurance bill: 'We are not exceptions'
Children seized after swearing toddler video release
Children who watch too much TV may have 'damaged brain structures'
Children's pastor pleads guilty to sexual abuse
Children’s patients may be at risk of infection after colonoscopies
Chile just had a 5.2 earthquake where that last 8.0 was today
Chile soccer club shirt offends local Jews (“Palestino” shirts show all of Israel as “Palestine”)
Chileans worry over string of 300 quakes in north
Chill Out
Chilling Call from Adam Lanza to Radio Show Year Before Sandy Hook
Chilling video: RT's correspondent plunges into icy waters on Epiphany (VIDEO)
Chills Down My Spine Caused by Global Warming
China Abuses American Academy
China Accelerates Bad Debt Writeoffs
China Again Deploys The Rare Earth Weapon
China Blames [Islamic]Uighur Separatists for Deadly Train Station Attack
China Conducts First Test of New Ultra-High Speed Missile Vehicle
China Demands Malaysia Turn Over Satellite Data
China Drinks the Most Red Wine in the World: Report
China Expands ‘Flanker’ Family
China Fields New Intermediate-Range Nuclear Missile (Gertz)
China Halts Bank Cash Transfers
China Has Satellite Images Of What May Be The Missing Malaysia Airlines Plane
China High-Speed Missile To Dominate U.S. Defenses
China Honors Mao Amid Growing Public Discontent
China Is Playing 'Chicken' With US Warships In The South China Sea
China Is Using US Research to Take the Lead on Thorium Reactor Development
China Lands On Moon While U.S. Shuttle Sits On Museums
China Might Actually Seize Japan's Southern Islands
China More Conservative Than US on Abortion, Homosexuality?
China Paper Says US Ship Harassed China Fleet
China Plans To Seize South China Sea Island From Philippines, Says "Battle Will Be Restricted"
China Poised to Grab the Gold (Bar)
China Says No To Bitcoins, But Yes To Russian Ruble
China Seizes An Insane $14.5 Billion Worth Of Assets From Family Of Former Security Official
China Sells Second-Largest Amount Of US Treasurys In December: And Guess Who Comes To The Rescue
China Shows New Mobile ICBM on Internet
China Splits With Russia Over Ukraine
China Starts To Make A Power Move Against The US Dollar
China Students' Alumni Urges Countrymen Not to Condemn Malaysia
China Threatens Military Action Against Japan
China Wal-Mart surprise: How did fox meat get into donkey products?
China backs North Korea on human rights
China banned from Sochi Olympics after figure skater tests positive for homosexuality (satire)
China bitterly attacks Japanese prime minister over air zone remarks
China building its own aircraft carrier: party official
China cancels Thailand rice deal amid probe
China cites Australia in carbon market baulk [considers environment tax - easier]
China claims victory in battle of first ladies
China cloning on an 'industrial scale'
China considers Manned Moon Landing following breakthrough Chang’e-3 mission success
China developing 11,0000 ton 'super aircraft carrier' to rival US naval power
China draws 'red line' on North Korea, says won't allow war on peninsula
China exports hobbled by data distortions
China going cold on carbon market? Cites Australia and US
China halts poultry trading after new H7N9 cases
China has new images showing object in southern Indian Ocean, Malaysia says
China is now the world’s largest net importer of petroleum and other liquid fuels
China issues report on US human rights
China makes 'giant leap' with Jade Rabbit moon rover landing
China on the radar, India invites Japan for Indo-US Malabar naval war games
China paper slams West's "Cold War mentality" over Ukraine
China plans the world's longest undersea tunnel
China plans to build 4 carriers, including nuclear: report
China poised for unmanned Moon landing [reporting beginning - livestream]
China pollution grounds hundreds of flights, prompts severe health warning
China rejects shipments of genetically modified corn
China reports 10 new H7N9 human cases
China seeks out Russia over North Korea strategy
China seeks strategic foothold in Israel
China starts televising the sunrise on giant TV screens because Beijing is so clouded in smog
China steals a march on Russian arms
China to Overtake U.S. As World's Top Trader
China ups military spend by 12 percent. Are the gloves coming off?
China warns of dangerous Russia sanctions 'spiral'
China warns of dangerous Russia sanctions 'spiral' (if West tries to punish Russia)
China's 'Jurassic Park' yields feathered dinosaurs, earliest swimming mammal & strange salamanders
China's BYD pledges to sell cars in America
China's Bill for Cleaning Air Pollution Mounts; State TV Promotes Benefits of Smog
China's Detained Bishop Ma 'Given Political Lessons'
China's Great Wall of Credit Begins to Crumble
China's Jade Rabbit Lunar Lander May Be Out of Luck
China's New Hypersonic Missile Can Scream Past US Air Defenses
China's Neway Valve (Suzhou) to be Listed On Friday, First in 14 Months
China's Newest Fighter Jet J-16 Revealed Online (Another Reversed Engineered American Facsimile)
China's Renewables Industry Headed for Crash
China's Xinhua says West must stop 'meddling' in Ukraine's affairs
China's exports linked to western U.S. air pollution
China's lunar probe soft-lands on moon
China's official crackdown on graft brings a happy New Year – for sharks
China's plan to build £25bn rival to the Panama Canal across Nicaragua
China, Japan Boost U.S. Bond Buying to Record Highs
China, US move towards co-operation in space
China: 5000 Attend “Underground” Bishop’s Funeral in Shanghai
China: Christianity’s sleeping giant
China: Economy Expanding, Military Might, Going to Moon...USA? Not so much
China: Gold Price Decline Premeditated; US Has Started a Currency War
China’s Aircraft Carrier Could Be a Ticking Steam Bomb
China’s Central Bank Governor: PBOC Won’t Ban Bitcoin
China’s Common Core
China’s Deceptively Weak (and Dangerous) Military
China’s Got a Supergun: Beijing’s new infantry weapon is cheaper and simpler than the American..
China’s Housing Market Is Looking Ugly, Which Is Scary for its Financial System
China’s Modern Martyrs: From Mao to Now (Part 3)
China’s Newest Maritime Dispute
China’s Yutu Moon Rover Unable to Properly Maneuver Solar Panels
China’s largest coal company to learn shale in U.S. deal
China’s president heads cybersecurity body
Chinese Activist Raises Awareness of Chinese Labor Camps
Chinese Anger Mounts Over Missing Plane
Chinese Citizens May Sue the Canadian Government After Slashing IIP
Chinese Consulate In San Francisco Damaged In Arson Attack
Chinese Critic: 'Our First Lady Is So Graceful And Elegant, Leaving Michelle Far Behind'
Chinese Exports Collapse Leading To 2nd Largest Trade Deficit On Record
Chinese Herbal Medicines Help Control Diabetes, Study
Chinese IBM workers erupt in protests over layoffs, Lenovo deal
Chinese Icebreaker Trapped After Helping in Antarctic Rescue
Chinese Journalists Face Ideology Exams
Chinese Martyrs Brigade take credit for downed plane - why has the MSM ignored this?
Chinese Naval Vessel Tries to Force U.S. Warship to Stop in International Waters
Chinese Naval Vessel Tries to Force U.S. Warship to Stop in International; Waters Landing ship
Chinese Navy (PLAN) 2014 Update
Chinese Navy (PLAN) Commissions 1st Type 052D Destroyer
Chinese Navy exercise it's aircraft carrier battle group
Chinese Official Made Job Plea to JPMorgan Chase Chief
Chinese T-Shirt Crackdown? Great Wall Shops Reportedly Ordered to Keep Obama-Mao Apparel Away
Chinese Tycoon Wants to Buy New York Times
Chinese Tycoon Wants to Buy The New York Times
Chinese Unmanned Spacecraft Lands On Moon
Chinese archaeologists uncover 4,000-year-old fortifications
Chinese billionaire ups reward for whoever can make daughter straight
Chinese donkey meat recalled at Wal-Mart after found to contain fox
Chinese employer ties year-end bonuses to how much workers could drink
Chinese girl, 11, had mouth stitched up with fishing cord and head dipped in boiling water
Chinese going for broke on thorium nuclear power, and good luck to them
Chinese group claims responsibility for flight MH370 (Chinese Martyrs' Brigade)
Chinese hacker cracks Safari, wins $40K, praises Apple's security
Chinese helicopter to airlift passengers on stranded Russian ship in Antarctica
Chinese iron trade fuels port clash with Mexican drug cartel
Chinese journalists face Marxist ideology exam
Chinese lady angry that her car is going to get towed does something most probably wouldn't
Chinese lunar rover makes first tracks on moon, state media reports
Chinese man fights for life after woman falls to her death in a shopping mall and lands on him
Chinese media outlet uses racial slur at US envoy (It takes hacks to spot a hack)
Chinese military reacts angrily to Japan swelling defence force
Chinese money rushing into U.S. residential real estate
Chinese plead for Canada to let them immigrate
Chinese ridicule Malaysia’s recruitment of (Muslim)‘witch doctor’ to track missing plane
Chinese rover diorama shows Europe being nuked
Chinese satellite finds object that might be Flight 370
Chinese scientists urged to develop new thorium nuclear reactors by 2024
Chinese ship searching for MH370 detects 'pulse signal'
Chinese ships sail through disputed waters: Japan Coast Guard
Chinese site may show plane debris images
Chinese-Americans wooed by the GOP over anti-affirmative action in public universities.
Chipotle Warns It Might Stop Serving Guacamole If Global Warming Gets Worse
Chipotle says global warming could force guacamole off its menus
Chipotle says it could remove guacamole from its menu due to climate change
Chobani yogurt not allowed into Russia
Chocolate and red wine can help stave off diabetes (Antioxidants regulate blood glucose)
Choices Have Consequences. A Lenten Meditation on a warning From Moses.
Choosing American Workers over Amnesty: Senator Sessions issues a call to action
Chorus of Israeli voices renews calls for Iran strike
Chris Christie - The Liberals New Distraction
Chris Christie - good precedent
Chris Christie 2016: A Bridge to Nowhere
Chris Christie Asks Obama for More Sandy Aid as Evidence of Misuse Grows
Chris Christie Calls for Bipartisanship as Democrats Pack Panel to Bring Him Down
Chris Christie Dealt Himself Fatal Blow When He Walked Arm-in-Arm with Obama
Chris Christie Fires 'Stupid' and 'Deceitful' Staffer, Apologizes to New Jersey
Chris Christie Is an Amateur: Left's political methods make Gov. Christie look like Little Bo Peep
Chris Christie Plans Inaugurtion Party In New York
Chris Christie Replaces Top Port Authority Appointee Amid Growing Scandal
Chris Christie Takes Veiled Shot at Ted Cruz
Chris Christie Will Sign ‘Dream’ Act...
Chris Christie and Rick Perry: 'They just don't like each other'
Chris Christie and the politics of jerks in office
Chris Christie attacks N.Y. Times, David Wildstein - Mike Allen and Maggie Haberman - POLITICO.com
Chris Christie calls Jewish towns in Judea and Samaria 'occupied territories'
Chris Christie faces probe for alleged misuse of Sandy funds
Chris Christie has problems, but he’s still atop the 2016 GOP presidential field. For now.
Chris Christie leaves Bridgegate heads to Texas to help GOP - Rick Perry, Greg Abbott send regrets
Chris Christie press conference on #bridgegate controversy (video)
Chris Christie signs bill granting in-state tuition to N.J. immigrants (N.J. Illegal Aliens)
Chris Christie to Speak at CPAC Amid Scandal
Chris Christie to skip dinner with President Obama
Chris Christie to speak at CPAC
Chris Christie trumpets signing of Dream Act in Union City
Chris Christie's Hispanic High Wire Act Could Pay Off or Prove Fatal
Chris Christie's Loss is [Someone's] Gain: We asked leading conservatives to fill in the blanks
Chris Christie's New Jersey Is Least Solvent State
Chris Christie's officials lied about GWB scandal. Did the governor? (Pres ambitions dying...)
Chris Christie: Opponents of In-State Tuition for Illegal Aliens are 'Cold Hearted'
Chris Christie: Republicans don't get anywhere complaining about the mainstream media (RINO Suckup)
Chris Christie: ‘People will be held responsible’ (Update)
Chris Christie’s Accidental Argument For Limited Government (And Against Himself)
Chris Christie’s conservative problem
Chris Hayes Blames Fox News for 2013's Most ‘Over-Covered’ Story ("Knockout Game")
Chris Hayes MSNBC Promo: 'I'm There To Do Politics—Not Talk About It'
Chris Kluwe Says He Wants Priefer To Get Help (short headline)
Chris Kluwe blasts Vikings organization, accuses them of bigotry
Chris Mapp Statement (Cornyn opponent)
Chris Matthews Accuses Obama Opponents of 'Scorched Earth' Tactic; Predicts Clinton, Paul Face Off
Chris Matthews Devotes Entire Christmas Eve Show to Mercilessly Attacking 11 Conservatives
Chris Matthews Elated By Obama: "He Came To Us Today, He Came Amongst Us" (video)
Chris Matthews Still Claiming Benghazi Attack was a Spontaneous Movie Review
Chris Matthews and Joy Reid Think Benghazi and Fast & Furious are HILARIOUS
Chris Matthews on Leno
Chris Matthews on his Obama interview: “He came to us. He came amongst us.”
Chris Matthews to Obama: ´Everyone Knows´ Republicans Want to Stop Minorities From Voting
Chris Matthews: 'Pissant' Of Boehner To Blame Inaction On Divided Government
Chris Matthews: At Least the ‘Thrill Up My Leg’ Came From Obama, Not Palin
Chris Matthews: Conservatives Beck, Cruz, Lee, Levin and Paul Are Like Kim Jong Un Killing His Uncle
Chris Matthews: Doesn't Donald Rumsfeld Look Like a Car Bomber?
Chris Matthews: It's Been a 'Terrible Year' for Obama
Chris Matthews: I’m Going to Ask Obama ‘Some Easier Questions’
Chris Matthews: Let’s face it, Democrats are going to lose the Senate
Chris Matthews: Minimum wage is “a great way to screw the other side”
Chris Matthews: Obama Biggest Political Loser of the Year
Chris Matthews: You’re ‘Racist’ If You’re Against Raising the Minimum Wage
Chris McDaniel Endorsed By Citizens United Political Victory Fund (MS Senate)
Chris McDaniel Surging in Mississippi
Chris McDaniel’s Quest (to Unseat Cochran MS)
Chrissie Hynde's daughter 'superglued herself to fellow fracking protester'
Christ All in All
Christ's Temptation and Ours (An explanation of the three temptations) [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
Christian 'Martyr' Deaths Double in 2013, North Korea Most Dangerous Nation
Christian Alternative to Boy Scouts Launches On New Year's Day With Close to 500 Troops
Christian Arabs Persecuted for Joining IDF
Christian Arabs: Historical myth
Christian Automotive Dealership Seeks Exemption from Obamacare Abortion Pill Mandate
Christian Catholics???
Christian Churches Attacked in Kenya on Christmas
Christian Couple in Pakistan Sentenced to Death for ‘Blasphemy’
Christian Group Plans 100-Foot-Tall Jesus Statue in Muslim-Dominated Nazareth
Christian Iraqi: American Is Who I Became
Christian Leaders Grieved by World Vision's Decision to Hire Employees in Same-Sex Marriages
Christian Leaders to Obama: Thanks for Standing Up for Religious Freedom Abroad; Please Protect
Christian Militia Could Wipe Out Central African Republic's Muslim Population ...
Christian Mobs Attack Muslims in Central African Republic
Christian Programming Is Being Blocked From Your TV Lineup
Christian Rapper Responds To Macklemore’s “Same Love”, Gets Death Threats From LGBT Community
Christian Rapper Responds to Gay Agenda in Mainstream media
Christian School Drops Nickname – Cites “Offensive” to Muslims
Christian School Raffle at Gun Show
Christian Singer Mandisa Skips Grammys 2014 Because of Faith, Wins 2 Awards Anyway
Christian artists skip, walk out of ‘satanic’ Grammy Awards show
Christian bakery guilty of violating civil rights of lesbian couple
Christian based healthcare alternatives to Obamacare (HSM exemption)
Christian college drops 'Crusaders' nickname in bow to 'global society'
Christian college in Wisconsin drops crusader name/mascot
Christian college slapped with Title IX claim for denying transgender female room
Christian counsellors ban therapy aimed at 'converting' gay patients
Christian leader open to run for Vitter's seat (FRC's Tony Perkins)
Christian sentenced to death for blasphemy in Pakistan
Christian stars Kirk Cameron, Natalie Grant blast Grammy Awards
Christianity 101: The Laying on of Hands
Christianity already being forced out in Russian-controlled Crimea
Christians Increasingly Misled into Interfaith Ties With Islamists
Christians Protest 'Jesus Is Muslim' Billboards in Ohio; Call Ads 'Attempt to Lure Uninformed
Christians could end abortion now - but it’s clear we don’t really want to
Christians form human shield around church in 'China's Jerusalem' after demolition threat
Christians having generational curses debunked. Hucksters out of a job.
Christians in Israel to EU: “Stop Christian Ethnic Cleansing in Arab Countries”
Christians in Pakistan Sentenced to Death Over a Text
Christians outraged over Team Obama's assault on German homeschool family
Christians persecuted by Islamists, says Prince Charles
Christians to EU: Israel is Our Safe Haven
Christians vow civil disobedience if home-school family is deported
Christians' throats slit in pagan slaughterhouse
Christians' throats slit in pagan slaughterhouse (Video reveals systematic execution of victims)
Christians, Don’t Give Up on the Homosexuality Debate
Christie Abandoned by Conservatives
Christie Agrees to In-State Tuition for Undocumented Immigrants
Christie Ally Resigns In Wake of George Washington Bridge Controversy [last month]
Christie Controls $100 Million to Support Fellow GOP Govs
Christie Faces Scandal on Traffic Jam Aides Ordered
Christie Has History of Bullying, Petty Attacks
Christie Inaugural Set for Ellis Island
Christie Knew About Bridge Lane Closings, Port Authority Official Says
Christie Not Sure When He Learned of Bridge Lane Closures
Christie Proposes Education Changes (incl after-school dinner)
Christie Saga Makes Clear Republicans Still Don't Know What They're Up Against
Christie Says He Couldn't Pick Fort Lee Mayor 'Out of a Lineup'
Christie Scandal May Strengthen Jeb Bush for 2016
Christie Slides, Jeb Bush Rises
Christie Will Either Veto Magazine Restriction Bill, Or Kiss His Presidential Aspirations Goodbye
Christie acknowledges federal subpoena
Christie and Hillary Clinton neck and neck
Christie and the IRS - Contrast the Governor's contrition with Obama's lack thereof
Christie bridge scandal continues as U.S. Attorney issues subpoenas
Christie bridge scandal: Woman died after traffic delayed medics (Christie's Mary Jo Kopechne...)
Christie cancels inauguration party over polar vortex storm (RINO Amnesty party cancelled)
Christie declines to defend N.J. gun laws, sparking criticism
Christie faces political fallout over traffic jam
Christie facing GOP donors as bridge scandal boils
Christie on Guns (2008 flashback)
Christie on “Bridgegate”: I knew nothing.
Christie proposing longer school day amid scandal
Christie reaches immigration deal with N.J. Democrats
Christie scandal means Hillary Rodham Clinton should never be president: James Varney
Christie still oddsmakers' favorite to win GOP nomination
Christie to sign version of ‘Dream Act’ into law
Christie to the rescue, again...(VANITY!)
Christie's Ellis Island feast donated to Jersey City churches after postponement
Christie's chief of staff warned that closures had broken law HOURS after traffic lanes were opened
Christie's proposed e-cigarette tax is for public health, state treasurer says
Christie, Cruz and Paul — CPAC’s distinct trio
Christiequiddick
Christie’s Crucial 24 Hours: GOP Presidential Favorite Finds His Front-Runner Status Imperiled
Christie’s Waterloo
Christie’s tea-party problem (Mind-numbingly wrong)
Christine O’Donnell: I was a victim of the IRS
Christine Todd Whitman: Yes, the EPA Has the Power to Stop Climate Change
Christi’s Story: Sexually Abusive Boyfriend Forced Her to Get Seven Abortions
Christmas
Christmas Carols
Christmas Day Bombings in Iraq's Capital Kill 37
Christmas Eve robber beaten, stripped of clothes
Christmas Food Court Flash Mob, Hallelujah Chorus - Must See!
Christmas Holiday, Islamic Horror
Christmas Lights? Electricity Price Index at All-Time High in U.S.
Christmas Medley
Christmas Message from Snowden: ‘A Child Born Today Will Grow Up with No Conception of Privacy’
Christmas Midnight Mass: Jesus is the light who brightens the darkness
Christmas Miracles
Christmas Really Isn't about Christ - Why I'm not Celebrating Christmas Even Though I'm a Christian
Christmas Sales Decline at Target in Wake of 40 Million "Compromised Credit"
Christmas Terror Bombings In Middle East Highlight Israel As Safe Haven For Christians
Christmas Vanity
Christmas Versus Toxic Tolerance: Even Charlie Brown Had the Guts to Make a Christmas Play
Christmas Visitor [Publix commercial]
Christmas Without Tinsel: Unemployment Really is a Zero Sum Game, Nancy
Christmas a day of terror for Christians in Iraq, say human rights groups
Christmas celebrations coming back to some American schools
Christmas decorations cause controversy
Christmas in Krakow Poland
Christmas in the Bakken Formation: North Dakota city sees growth from fracking industry
Christmas message from Heads of Churches in Jerusalem
Christmas message of His Holiness Patriarch Kirill of Moscow and All Russia
Christmas night melee erupts at Jacksonville movie theater
Christmas with the GIs: How American soldiers proved a huge hit with British families during WWII
Christmas: The tour and the pilgrimage
Christmastime and the Family Structure
Christopher’s Law Finally Made it This Year: “This is an umbrella of protection” (Maryland)
Chronic fatigue syndrome from vagus nerve infection: A psychoneuroimmunological hypothesis
Chronicling Higher Education’s Disarray
Chrysler dealers upbeat about purchase by Fiat
Chrysler orders 93 rare, early Vipers to the crusher
Chrysler's Ram gains ground on Silverado
Chubby and ‘The Twist’—Clinging to Racism in the Age of Obama
Chuck Hagel to shrink Army to pre-World War II levels, report says
Chuck Norris Epic Christmas Split! Take that Van Damme!
Chuck Norris answers the Van Damme Volvo 'split'
Chuck Norris smokes marijuana debate
Chuck Norris' Personal Code of Ethics/Principles for Life
Chuck Schumer Call on IRS to Crack Down on Tea Party Funding:
Chuck Schumer Calls For The IRS To Stop The Tea Party
Chuck Schumer Pushes Plan To Wipe Out Tea Party
Chuck Schumer Wants Immigration Compromise - Pass Law Now, Enact In 2017
Chuck Schumer to unveil Avonte's Law, to put tracking devices on autistic kids
Chuck Schumer, Lamar Alexander might have solution to fixing Senate
Chuck Schumer, Paul Ryan talking on immigration
Chuck Schumer: I Was For The Koch Brothers Before I Was Against Them
Chuck Schumer: No Urgency on Immigration
Chuck Schumer: Tea Party Opposes Immigration for Making America 'Less White'
Chuck Todd, NBC Compare Barack Obama to an Injured War Hero
Chuck Todd: Sen. Landrieu’s numbers just “don’t add up” for her anymore
Chuck-U Schumer Speech Signals Democrats Will Run Against Me... Again
Chupacabra found alive in Texas? (photos and video at link)
Church Closings in Limbo as Rome Overrules Bishop
Church Council of Norway says no to same-sex marriage. [Vanity]
Church Displays Bleeding Trayvon Martin Nativity Scene
Church Hopes to Expand Reach of Joseph Smith Movie on Hulu [Smith-smitten 'Smithmas' on Hulu]
Church Members Mistreat Homeless Man in Church, Unaware It Is Their Pastor in Disguise
Church Nativity Scene Replaces Jesus with Bloody Trayvon Martin [Why Not Trayvon As Young Mohammed?]
Church Releasing Sex Abuse Files on Chicago Clergy
Church Responds to Anti-Gun Critics … By Giving Away Another Modified AR-15
Church Shelters Muslims from Central African Killing
Church in Russia Closed for Holding “Unregistered” Sunday School Classes
Church must reconcile divorce and remarriage, German cardinal says
Church of England Bishops: We Agree on One Thing – that We Can't Agree on Homosexuality
Church of England Rejects Blessings for Gay Marriages
Church of England removes devil from christening service
Church of England “Waters Down” Baptismal Rite?
Church of Scotland Minister Loses Role as School Chaplain After Calling Homosexuality a 'Disorder'
Church replaces Jesus with Trayvon Martin
Church teaching must change on sexual morality, says German bishop
Church teaching on immigration is a 'humane position'
Church tithes stolen from Lakewood
Church to Launch “Because of Him” Easter Initiative {mormons co-opt Easter}
Church-state battle envelops school choirs (MT)
Church? I Haven’t Been to Church in Fifty Years
Churches being forced to preform gay marriage.
Churches in America Fall Short When It Comes to Multicultural Congregations
Churches using GPS to keep track of Baby Jesus
Chutzpah:Obama Organizing F Action collecting for the poor while Obama's creating more poor people
Chávez charm void filled by Maduro muscle as Venezuela votes
Cicada 3301: The web's toughest and most creepy crypto-puzzle is BACK
Cigarette Smuggling Still Rampant in Michigan, Nation
Cinthya Garcia-Cisneros, sentenced in Forest Grove fatal crash, exchanges
Citi Bike big quits as program struggles for cash (Bankruptcy for Bloomberg NYC bike share?)
Citi hit by fraud in Mexico unit, cuts 2013 profit
Cities Mull Using Eminent Domain To Seize Mortgages
Cities Take Snow Emergencies To New Restrictive Level
Cities, other agencies must raise contributions in two years
Citing EU, Italy Orders Journalists to Promote Homosexual Agenda
Citing Growth, Fed Again Cuts Monthly Bond Purchases
Citing UN Treaty, Scotland Assigns Overseer to Every Child
Citizen Files Ethics Complaint Against Wendy Davis
Citizens Film Illegal Aliens Brazenly Crossing Rio Grande in Makeshift Raft (Video)
Citizens United and Hobby Lobby
Citizens United endorses Ortman in Minnesota
Citizens of Iceland Overthrow Government Over Bank Fraud
Citizens take law into own hands after cash-strapped Ore. county guts sheriff's office
City & County Settle New Mexico 'Anal Probe' Lawsuit (Stop Sign Runner Recieves $1.6 Million)
City College Too "Messed Up" to Boycott Israel
City Council bans Styrofoam, bars e-cigarettes as Speaker Christine Quinn makes tearful exit
City Council candidate: 21 arrests do not disqualify me from holding office
City Councilman Bids to Ban Criminal Background Checks
City Councilman Resigns in Klingon
City Of Bremen Calls For A Green Police – To Enter Private Homes And Eliminate Electric Heaters
City ignored pleas to ax ‘lunatic’ principal
City of Dearborn Apologizes for Arresting Christians...
City of Little Rock encourages participation in Earth Hour
City to end some police cooperation with immigration officials
City to pay Corona mom $2.5M for son’s death
City vs. Country: How Where We Live Deepens the Nation's Political Divide
City wants cabbies to clean up their act, speak some English
City with 36% Unemployment Rate Now has Highest Minimum Wage in California
City's MLK prayer breakfast turns into Democratic rally (economic justice in Chicago)
City’s high school grads at CUNY needing remedial education
Civil Emergency Message (for Atlanta as of Thursday AM 1/30/14)
Civil Rights Lawsuit Alleges Deputies Burned Man's Genitals With Taser
Civil War within the Virginia Republican Party
Civil rights leaders slam Obama on judicial picks
Civil rights, Tea Party activist enters race against Horsford
Civilian Fatally Shoots Sailor Aboard U.S. Navy Destroyer (USS Mahan, NS Norfolk)
Civilian guard on leave as Navy boosts base security
Civilian who killed Sailor at Naval Station Norfolk identified
Civilization Jihad, the Global Islamic Insurgency and Shariah Compliant Finance
Civilization and the Knockout Game
Claim: Sarah Palin’s father harassed by IRS since 2008
Claims of virgin births in US near 1 percent, study finds
Clair deLune, Moonlight Serenade, Tonight Tonight, others?
Claire McCaskill: '$17 Trillion Debt Is Irresponsible'
Claire McCaskill: I wouldn’t invite Obama to campaign with me this year
Claire McCaskill: Rand Paul remarks ‘infuriating’
Claremont should be wary of water takeover plan
Clarence Thomas is right about race
Clarence Thomas: 'Northern Liberal Elites' Treated Me Worse Than Southerners
Clarence Thomas: Society is overly sensitive about race
Clarence Thomas: ‘Northern Liberal Elites’ Treated Me Worse Than Segregated South
Clarence Thomas’s Disgraceful Silence (They're mad because he's effective behind-the-scenes)
Clark Clifford Republicans
Clarksdale man's home torched and tagged
Clash over worldviews: An analysis of the Ham/Nye debate
Clashes in Ukraine as Putin stays defiant [Obama Invites Ukraine Rebel To White House]
Class Action Filed Against Electronic Arts Over Battlefield 4
Class action suit slams city’s property tax system as discriminating against blacks, Hispanics
Class and Amnesty (GOP caving on illegal immigration)
Classic American Muscle Cars-Part 1: Dodge, Plymouth (34 Pics)
Classic American Muscle Cars-Part 2: 1955-57 Chevy (59 Pics)
Classic Obama: FY2015 budget would hike taxes by $100 billion on the one thriving industry
Classic Science Fiction
Classical Music Lovers: Stravinsky "Rite of Spring" Piano Duet (Extraordinary)
Claude Smadja: The year the West lost leadership
Claudia Schiffer Turned Down Arab Prince's £1Million Indecent Proposal Offer - Another Took It!
Claudio Abbado, a Conductor With Global Reach, Dies at 80
Clawson confronts opponents at news conference
Clay Aiken Having Sort Of Like .. Trouble? With His Slogan? About For From His Campaign. Stuff.
Clay Aiken Mulls Run for Congress (Report)[North Carolina]
Clay Aiken Preparing Congressional Bid in North Carolina [Homosexual American Idol Runner-up]
Clay Aiken announces run for Congress in North Carolina
Clay Aiken dazzles at Di'lishi
Clay Aiken for Congress?!? Here the perfect slogan for his campaign...
Clay Aiken officially joins NC Congressional race
Clayton Kershaw agrees to seven-year, $215-million deal with Dodgers
Clean Air Act: EPA'S Charade To Justify War On Coal Plants
Cleaner Mistakes $14K Worth of Art for Trash, Tosses It
Clear Channel moves Rush in LA, SF
Clear Channel moving Rush Limbaugh from KFI to revamped KTLK
Clear Your Calendars: Viking Apocalypse Scheduled for Saturday (February 22, 2014)
Clear and Helpful Teaching on the Evil of Pornography from Arlington Va. Bishop Paul Loverde
Clearlake man reportedly shoots home intruder
Clemson graduates first class of disabled students (from 2011)
Clergy Should Defy Church's 'Morally Outrageous' Gay Marriage Ban, Says Bishop [Anglican]
Clerk with gun thwarts Knox convenience store robbery
Cleta Chronicles: IRS scandals, part 1
Cleta on the Cummings case
Cleveland Browns to fire Chudzinski...rumor
Cleveland Clinic CEO: 3/4 Of Obamacare Signups Will Face Higher Premiums
Cleveland Indians Changing Primary Logo From Chief Wahoo to ‘Block C’
Cleveland group to run 1,000 miles to reach the Boston Marathon (TN)
Cleveland pays out settlement in gun lawsuit, will review law over weapon seizures
Clever Upside-Down Ads Reveal The Subtlety Of Depression
Cliff jump gone wrong (Liveleak video in Moab, Utah plus personal pics)
Climate Activists Uncaged
Climate Alarm - Climate science moves in one direction, the AAAS moves in the other.
Climate Alarmists Never Called Out For Spreading Fear
Climate Bullies, the Surrealists of Science
Climate Change "Denialists" Should Be Imprisoned
Climate Change Affects Ultrasonic Bat Signals For Better, Worse
Climate Change All-Night Session Set for Monday
Climate Change Allows Scottish Wine to Debut
Climate Change Could Mean No Guac For You — At Least At Chipotle
Climate Change Groups Seek New Leadership as Green Movement Loses Momentum
Climate Change Implicated In Polar Bear Stress
Climate Change Scammers' Worst Week Ever
Climate Change Takes Its Toll on Baby Deer in France
Climate Change Task Force Meets at White House as Snowstorm Shutters Federal Offices in DC
Climate Change Will Cause Rape and Murder and Assault and Robbery and Larceny and Make People...
Climate Change, Mr. Secretary?
Climate Change: A Serious Threat to Science
Climate Change: Causes and Implications of "the Pause" (My Quotation Marks)
Climate Change’s Inherent Uncertainties
Climate Consensus Con Game
Climate Craziness ... : only the ‘cooler’ models are wrong – the rest say 4ºC of warming by 2100
Climate Craziness of the Week: Fish living near the equator will not thrive in future warmer oceans
Climate Extremists Will Help Write the New Food Nutrition Guidelines
Climate Forecast: Muting the Alarm
Climate Parasites: The Answer to 'Climate Change Deniers'
Climate Scientist Fights Back - Calls Global Warming Alarmists "Global Warming Nazis"
Climate Scientist: Liberals Will Use Carbon Tax to Make Government Bigger
Climate Scientists Explain Why Global Warming Theory is False
Climate Summit Trap: Capitalism’s March toward Global Collapse (euro-doomage)
Climate a bright spot in China relationship
Climate adaptation faces funding crisis warn UN officials [Carbon Market Collapse]
Climate at Bartram High raises concerns about safety, education
Climate change (hoax) debate ready to heat up
Climate change affecting Rio Grande water supply (clueless gov. bureaucrats, media lapdog)
Climate change brings more crime
Climate change could cost more than $100 billion a year
Climate change expert sentenced to 32 months for fraud, says lying was a 'rush'
Climate change expert's fraud was 'crime of massive proportion,' say feds
Climate change is new enemy for Kerry in Vietnam
Climate change protesters get through tight security to disrupt Stephen Harper during event
Climate change threatens Winter Olympics
Climate change warning labels on gas pumps?
Climate change warning: Killer winter storms for next THIRTY years
Climate change: Conditions worse for Dems than in 2010
Climate change: The case of the missing heat
Climate hysteric suggests arresting 'deniers'
Climate impacts 'overwhelming' - UN
Climate meeting to discuss future of fossil fuels
Climate scientist will say ‘global warming Nazis’ until they drop ‘denier’ label
Climate scientists refuse to debate global warming ‘skeptics’ in the media
Climate scientists slam Obama science czar’s ‘pseudo-science rambling’ on global warming
Climate to be 2014 battlefield
Climate trends don't back up alarmist claims: Guest opinion
Climatologist:Strong Winds Cause Dip In Global Warming Temperatures (Barf!)
Climatology Fail
Climatology, Sundered By Ideology, Struggles To Remain A Discipline
Clint Eastwood Heimlich Maneuver Saves Life of Choking Golf Director
Clint Richardson - Common Core, Agenda 21
Clinton Camp: Obama’s Record, “Just Words” [Flashback to 2008, Still Applies TODAY!]
Clinton Documents Released
Clinton Foundation Keeps Tight Leash on Papers from Bill Clinton’s Tenure As Governor
Clinton Says She's Still Considering Future Plans
Clinton Unable to Save Sink from Obamacare in FL Election
Clinton Unable to Save Sink from Obamacare in FL Election [Feel Good story of the Day]
Clinton advisers sought to soften her image
Clinton makes case for Grimes as being better for middle class and fixing Affordable Care Act
Clinton pushes for jobless aid extension
Clinton tells Dems: Deal with ObamaCare drama
Clinton wants 'mass movement' on climate change
Clinton warns new Iran sanctions could upend talks
Clinton-McCain friendship blossoms (again)
Clinton: I Liked Being the First Black President, But Obama ‘Deserves It’
Clinton: Immigration Reform ‘Only Way to Keep Our Country Growing’
Clinton: Mandela Helped Me Forgive GOP For Impeachment
Clinton: Obama Administration Has Willingly Negotiated with Equivalent of Nazi Germany
Clintons keeping revenge list of enemy Dems who backed Obama
Clintons to Boost Bill de Blasio’s Swearing-In Ceremony
Cliven Bundy Ranch Dispute: Huge Difference Between Coverage by Conservative and Liberal Me
Close Encounters With a Komodo
Close Encounters of the Mythic Kind
Closed testimony appears to bolster claims Benghazi response inadequate
Closest U.S. Ally in Asia Caves to Muslim Radicals After Massacre- Grants Amnesty
Closing arguments in the Ray Nagin corruption trial present the former mayor as predator, or prey
Closing arguments set in Julie Corey trial (cut baby out of murdered woman)
Closing the 'free will' loophole: Using distant quasars to test Bell's theorem
Closing the door on Windows: A guide to changing operating systems
Closing the gap-America’s labour market has suffered permanent harm
Cloud mystery solved: Global temperatures to rise at least 4°C by 2100
Clovertons' Christmas Cover of Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah" (with lyrics)
Clovis Says Braley Cuts To Military Benefits Is Immoral
Club for Growth Backs Sullivan in Alaska Race (U.S. Senate primary)
Club for Growth Now Working With GOP Establishment (who's surprised??)
Club for Growth endorses Dan Sullivan in Alaska Senate race
Club for Growth gives Ted Cruz, Mike Lee perfect marks
Club for Growth hires blacklisted firm
Club for Growth hits Amash primary challenger (our side fighting back!)
Club for Growth hits Cochran in two new ads
Club for Growth mocks Republican committees for banning Jamestown Associates
Club for Growth pans Lankford, Cole for Coburn seat (Bridenstine may run)
Club for Growth wants Sen. Cochran to meet the Tea Party
Club for Jesus, a Gospel-Filled Nightclub, Aims to Share Christ With Seekers, Sinners Alike
Clueless American Leaders Shocked by Putin's Attempt to Reassemble Soviet Union
Co-pilot of MH370 tried to make a call from his mobile phone AFTER the aircraft 'vanished'...
Coakley-Kayyem: That's the bold ticket Democrats need
Coal Must Embrace All-Out Battle with Eco-Bullies
Coal to the Rescue, but Maybe Not Next Winter
Coastal Fats: Millionaires Defaulting On Mortgages In Record Numbers While Others Struggle
Cobalts Were Seen as Lemons From Start, State Data Shows
Coburn Endorses in Competitive Nebraska Senate Primary
Coburn endorses Sasse in Nebraska Senate race
Coburn likely to back Lankford as successor (the senate choosing its own membership again!)
Coburn's Principles
Coburn:The only way to fix Washington is to have a Convention of the States and limit their power
Coca Cola Life - Ser Padres HD
Coca Cola Life - Ser Padres HD (The best pro-life commercial)
Coca Cola's 'America the Beautiful' Super Bowl commercial angers conservative pundits
Coca-Cola Celebrates Parenthood.
Coca-Cola Super Bowl Ad Blog (Needs some serious freeping)
Coca-Cola says information-packed laptops were stolen and retrieved
Coca-Cola's America: Is It Yours?
Cochran Faces Toughest Test in 30 Years
Cochran Proves the Establishment Isn't Always the Bad Guy
Cochran challenger questions time spent in state
Cochran ties Alexander for low ACU score
Cochran's Tea Party challenger raises $500K in 10 weeks
Code Chaos Another nightmare for doctors, courtesy of the federal government
Code Pink Co-Founder Says Egyptian Security Forces ‘Brutally Assaulted’ Her and Broke Her Arm
Code Pink Leader Medea Benjamin Allegedly Attacked By Egyptian Police, Then Deported to Turkey
Code Pink Leader Medea Benjamin Makes Good on Threat to ‘Make a Scandal’ for Egypt if Deported
Codgers Freaking Out
Cody Wilson signs book deal after creating 3D printed gun, finalizes Dark Wallet Bitcoin anonymizer
Coercing Conformity: A government that creates the climate for bullying is the worst of the bullies.
Coeur d'Alene cops release shooting video
CofE removes sin and the devil from new christening rite: Rewrite of centuries-old passage…
Coffee, Tea or Mach 3—Would You Like to Fly in a MiG-25 Business Jet?
Coffeecare
Cohen: Kind words for Hillary Clinton show Sarah Palin’s smarts
Cohen: Thanks, Obamacare — my health costs spiked
CoinSummit Live Video Stream and Agenda
Coincidence?Billy Graham&Nelson Mandela Born 4 Months Apart.Graham Now In Grave Condition.
Coke Defiantly to Air Longer Version of ‘America the Beautiful’ Ad
Coke returns to the ‘Jews Out!’ movement
Col. Cassius Fairchild
Col. Oliver North: 'There is no strategy' to the defense budget that reduces military to pre-WWII...
Cold Case Arrest: San Antonio murder suspect captured in Canada[Illegal Alien]
Cold Case Posse Asked Orly to Stand Down
Cold Snap Has Chilling Impact On Economy
Cold War II
Cold War Redux: Margaret Thatcher Look Alike Meets With Russian Rebels
Cold Weather
Cold Weather Feeds Global Warming Hysteria
Cold and snow returns after brief period of warmth
Cold dis-comfort: Antarctica set record of -135.8
Cold fusion continues to progress stealthily into the mainstream
Cold fusion may have revolutionary potential
Cold war spy Kuklinski movie premieres in Warsaw (SEE TRAILER)
Cold weather puts Duck Tours on ice (Boston)
Cold weather slams U.S. factory output, spurs growth fears
Coldest October-March In The US In 102 Years
Coldest Winter in 35 Years?
Coldwater Creek Files for Bankruptcy
Colin Powell Pitches Single-Payer Health Care in US
Colin Powell endorses gay marriage
Colin Powell, Once GOP Dream President, Is Socialist (Good article)
Colin Powell: ‘Certain elements’ in Republican Party ‘demonize’ minorities, women
Colin Powell: ‘Elements’ in GOP ‘Demonize People Who Don’t Look Like the Way They’d Like’
Collectors work crowds at gun buyback events for rare finds
College Football BCS College Rankings - Final 2013
College Football and Capitalism
College Movement of Voter Registration
College Settles Lawsuit Filed by Constitution-Loving Student
College Spending Results Questioned: More money doesn't yield better results
College Students Fail to Name a Single U.S. Senator
College Students Learn Common Core Math (video)
College Students Sign Petition to Imprison All Registered Gun Owners
College Students Sign Petition to Imprison All Registered Gun Owners!
College accuses black professor of racial harassment against white students
College athletes can unionize, federal agency says
College group cancels diversity 'happy hour' after excluding white staffers
College is a Right and My Parents Better Pay for It
College mentor returns to Roseland 'to give out hope'
College offers to pay students to take year off
College professor: “Jail climate change deniers!”
College students being bribed with credits to embrace the radical ‘white privilege’ theory
College suspends student for asking questions about gun control [during a public forum]
College textbook paints Ronald Reagan as sexist, conservatives as pessimists
College to award annual Trayvon Martin Award for Social Justice
College wrestling: Penn State puts beating on Hawkeyes
Colleges Trim Staffing Bloat - Amid Tuition Backlash, Cuts in Subsidies, Schools Target Efficiencies
Colleges and Congressmen Are Why Your Degree Is Worthless
Collin Raye's 'Voice' Sounds Off on Country Music's Decline, the Power of Faith in the Arts
Collins manages to insult, offend Utahns with comments on Bundy roundup
Colo. Marijuana Businesses Embrace New Drug at Center of DEA Crackdown in Calif
Cologne Germany: Aggressive Muslims disturb Protest against Persecution of Christians
Colombian President Wets Pants During Re-election Campaign Speech
Colombia’s vice president has a great excuse for refusing office: His dog
Colonel Who Vowed to Disarm Americans Works With Homeland Security
Colonoscopies to be replaced by camera that comes in a PILL
Color Blind: Chait’s look at race during Obama era is missing one thing: black Americans
Colorado (RAT) Senator's Office Accused of Bullying Over ObamaCare Numbers
Colorado 6-year-old suspended for kissing a girl
Colorado Concealed Carry Renewal Reform
Colorado Democrat fires gay aide allegedly for visiting Republican office
Colorado Democrats Lie About Guns… Again
Colorado Democrats blamed for $80M hit to economy by pushing out gun firm Magpul
Colorado Dems blamed for $80M punch to gut with Magpul pulling up stakes
Colorado Hates Hillary; Udall in danger of getting smashed by the ‘stache #COSen
Colorado Health-Care Exchange Director Indicted in Montana Housing (Fraud & Theft) Case
Colorado Health-Exchange Director Indicted for Fraud, Theft
Colorado Hispanics Resist Obamacare Sign-up Efforts
Colorado Man Could Sue Divers Who Saved Him From Submerged Car
Colorado Obamacare exchange pays private lawyers up to $575/hour
Colorado School Shooter Appears to be Anti-Gun Socialist Based on Reports
Colorado Seen Trending Republican After Democratic Resignation
Colorado Senate Close, Hickenlooper grows lead
Colorado Senate Seat Becomes Potential Pickup for GOP: Cory Gardner throws curve ball at Mark Udall.
Colorado Senate: Udall (D) 42%, Gardner (R) 41%
Colorado Sheriff: We Have Not and Will Not Enforce New Gun Control
Colorado airport installs 'amnesty' boxes for pot users
Colorado baker discriminated by denying gay couple wedding cake: judge
Colorado bill may prevent use of food stamps money to buy pot. Wait… what?
Colorado bill would use tax credits to offset ObamaCare penalty
Colorado boy, 6, suspended, accused of sexual harassment for kissing girl on cheek
Colorado city appoints illegal immigrant to its Human Relations Commission
Colorado firestorm: Administration bars scribes from public meeting
Colorado health-exchange director on paid leave after being accused of embezzlement in Montana
Colorado high school to students: No celebrating America. But Cinco De Mayo is just fine.
Colorado judge rules in favor of holding drone-hunting vote after legal fight
Colorado legislators propose repeal of anti-gun laws as local district ends ban on open-carry
Colorado on pace for record year in gun-purchase background checks
Colorado pot shops likely targets of cartels, say experts
Colorado proposal would require pre-marriage education classes
Colorado revolt: 55 of 62 sheriffs refuse to enforce new gun laws.
Colorado school district flooded with calls after 6-year-old suspended over kiss
Colorado school shooter's parents: 'Shattered' and mystified
Colorado school shooting: Armed guards the answer?
Colorado shop owners can't keep marijuana edibles in stock
Colorado teenage gunman had 'very strong beliefs about gun laws' and Republicans
Colorado to Consider Controversial Vaccination Law: Is Not Wanting to Vaccinate a Parental Right?
Colorado triple homicide: Police arrest convicted sex offender
Colorado woman vanishes after returning home from trek around the world
Colorado: New Gun Laws Didn't Stop the Shooting
Colorado: Young people apparently not swayed by Bro-surance, Ho-surance ad campaigns
Colorado’s Pot Shops Say They’ll Be Sold Out Any Day Now
Colorado’s gun restrictions go to trial
Coloring book paints Ted Cruz as folk hero
Colossal cost of Cover Oregon prompts lawmaker to call for end to spending ($200M spent/0 Enrolled)
Colt .45s – Big and heavy worked and still does
Colt Commando
Colts owner Jim Irsay charged with DWI, four felony counts of possession
Colts: Jim Irsay voluntarily checks into rehab
Columbia (SC) man accused of jumping on moving fire truck, yelling at passers-by
Columbia Credits Fox
Columbus Police Officer Admits To Child Porn Charges
Columbus Police Officer Fatally Shoots Family Dog
Columnist: Offer Marijuana to Young People Who Sign Up for Obamacare
Combat! - 'A Day in June' -
Combative Bench Grills IRS in Halbig v. Sebelius (ObamaCare)
Comcast Cable Miseries!
Comcast Management CHOOSES to Destroy the Company through Subscriber Attrition
Comcast Named America's Worst Company in Annual Consumerist Poll
Comcast Reportedly Set to Acquire Time Warner Cable in $45.2B Deal
Comcast Set to Acquire Time Warner Cable for $45 Billion
Comcast To Buy Time Warner Cable For $45bn
Comcast's big bucks to minority groups may aid merger
Come On FReepers & FRiends! We Need to Get This Done Today! [FReepathon Thread XLI]
Come To The Waters [charismatic caucus]
Come Up Here!...Rev 4-6 pt 3
Come Week Of April 1.Will They Claim That 7 Million People Have Signed Up?
Come and Go with Me, to My Father’s House – A Homily for the 3rd Sunday of the Year
Comedian Accuses LA Comedy Club of Canceling Purim Show ‘Because They Don’t Want to Support Israel’
Comedian Bob Newhart cancels show for Catholic group after gay activist pressure
Comedian David Brenner dies at 78
Comedians have psychotic personality traits, study finds
Comedy as a Weapon of the Left [Herb Block]
Comedy legend Sid Caesar dies at age 91
Comer to launch 5 pilot projects to grow hemp, including testing of cannabinoids for medicinal...
Comic Chelsea Handler "Goes Alex Jones" on Piers Morgan, Kicks His As*
Comic relief: Ted Cruz brings down the house in Palm Beach – Trump’s house
Comical Thread:If You Were Darrell Issa,What Questions Would You Asked Of Lois Lerner?
Coming 'oil glut' may push global economy into deflation
Coming Around Again: Giant Sunspot Makes Third Trip Across the Sun
Coming Soon to Gaza: Lashes in Criminal Code
Coming Soon: Free Internet From Space
Coming Soon: Higher Obamacare Premiums
Coming To A School District Near You?
Coming in 2014 to a Vet Near You: Tail Vaccinations
Coming soon to New York: Mandatory state-run parenting classes?
Coming soon...the 'Star Wars' phone that lets you talk to holograms of your loved ones
Coming to America: foreign chain restaurants in the U.S.
Coming to Grips with Rise of The Machines
Coming up next: ObamaCare taxes and fees -- Assuming you can get signed up, of course.
Commander-in-Chief Of Ukraine Navy defects, pledges allegiance to Crimean Republic (Video)
Commander: Enemies Unable to Wage War on Iran (says capable of targeting US and Israeli interests)
Commanders fired in nuke missile cheating scandal
Commandment #2 – Never Attack What You’re Not Willing to Kill
Commemorating the Obama Regime: It’s A WONderful Life: The Coloring Book...and The Movie???
Commentary: A failure nearly ended my oil & gas career, and then drove me to success
Commentary: Keystone XL — the cost of politics and illusion
Commentary: Russia and the Ukraine — The Energy Angle
Commentary: The Duck Dynasty Double Standard
Commentary: Tyson's 'Cosmos' has not been impressive
Comments about Homosexual Acts cause National Catholic Reporter to Shut Down All Comments
Commercial [space] cargo mission launched from Virginia
Commie Keith Ellison: Americans Work Way Too Much & CBO Report Says They Will Be Able to Cook Dinner
CommieCore Math
Commission Finds ‘No Compelling Medical Reason’ To Exclude Transgender Americans From Military
Commission summoned over religious image on fire truck (citizen has filed an informal complaint)
Commitment 2014: Gwendolyn Chapman (JACKSON, MS)(VANITY)
Committee Chairman Deals Blow to Immigration Push
Committee approves bill naming 'Mount Reagan' in Nevada
Committee to DOJ: IRS Official Denied Conservative Groups ‘Due Process and Equal Protection’
Committing Citycide: From New York to Seattle, Voters Embrace Fiscal Destruction
Common Core
Common Core 'architect' deals blow to opponents with SAT revamp. (same guy behind both)
Common Core Architect Brings in OFA Workers to Target 'Low Hanging Fruit'
Common Core Architect Now Dumbing Down SAT
Common Core Assignment Makes Parents Identify Whether They Are ‘Liberal’ or ‘Conservative’
Common Core Is Not Catholic Education
Common Core Just Another Progressive Education Program
Common Core Lesson Teaches Children Obama Is A Messiah
Common Core MATH teaches that Abraham Lincolns's religion was liberal.
Common Core Opposition Sparks Rally
Common Core Reading Comprehension Assignment Pushes Global Warming
Common Core Rooted in Math Class Social Justice Indoctrination
Common Core Sexualizes American School Children
Common Core Writing Assignment: Think Like a Nazi and Explain Why Jews Are Evil (Video)
Common Core advocates beg Obama not to mention them in State of the Union address
Common Core again threatens to make little kids pee their pants
Common Core and the EduTech Abyss
Common Core emerges as potent election issue for fed-up parents
Common Core is Uncommonly Bad Ed. Policy
Common Core is worse than we thought
Common Core says Lincoln's religion was "liberal," and here's why we should let it slide...
Common Core sex education materials deemed pornographic even in America’s prisons
Common Core spawns widespread political fights
Common Core: A Straw House for Straw Men
Common Core: Anatomy of a Failure
Common Core: Epic Fail
Common Core: It Lives!
Common Core: It's a Trap
Common Core? What's that? Louisiana residents say
Common Core’s Anti-Gun Lessons on Sandy Hook
Common Core’s Uncommon Opponents
Common Misconceptions about the Consumer Price Index: Questions and Answers
Common crop pesticides kill honeybee larvae in the hive
Common illicitly homemade submachine guns in Brazil
Common illicitly homemade submachine guns in Brazil (pictures)
Common sense survival. The return of natural selection
Communism Best for Fighting Global Warming
Communism and the pope [KGB-influence in S. America]
Communism, socialism, and Christianity: One of these does not belong
Communist Guerrilla Leader ‘Wins’ El Salvador Elections
Communist Imagery Makes a Big Comeback at Sochi Games — Take a Look
Communist Party Of Russia set to open its branch in Crimea
Communist Party USA to Push Obama’s Agenda at Convention
Communist Party head shows banner at Sochi games
Communist Storm Clouds Gather in South Africa
Communists Sue Democratic Party For Stealing Platform
Communities Come Together to Support the Smith Family(A Portrait of Real America)
Community Organizers Chase Trader Joe's Out of Portlandia
Community Organizers Push Out Trader Joe's and Jobs
Community Suggests Gun Possession Is Illegal For Residents
Community gathers for gun violence prevention panel
Community gathers on Trayvon Martin’s birthday
Companies Must Justify Their Workforce Decisions Under Obama’s Latest Rewrite
Companies Say Goodbye to the 'Burbs
Companies recruiting undocumented immigrants who came to U.S. as children
Company Makes Good on Leaving Colo. Over Gun Laws.
Company founder's elegant take-down of ranting Thanksgiving customer leads to record sales boost
Company involved in W.Va. chemical spill files for Chapter 11
Company overcomes major obstacles to complete lengthy interstate drill
Company parts ways with PR exec after AIDS in Africa tweet
Company plans to beam free Wi-fi to every person on Earth from space
Compassion at center of meeting on anti-discrimination legislation[Lds state sen. 'hero to gay UT']
Compassion: Anti-Obamacare cancer patient smeared by Reid now receiving death wishes from liberals
Compelling Evidence of the Forgery of Obama’s Birth Certificate Lodged with the US Supreme Court...
Competence questions threaten Obama's executive push [public sours on performance - honesty]
Competency Transfer Bias And President Obama
Competition between North Korean Elites over Jang’s Treasure
Competition for thee, but not for me
Competitive ice fishing catching on
Compilation: The Best Pajama Boy Photoshops
Complaint causes VA medical center to pull Duck Dynasty products (Bible-haters win again)
Complaint: Cell phone stuffed in bra and stolen from bar patron (SC)
Complete List of Republicans Who Voted in Favor of Clean Debt-Ceiling Hike
Complete Microsoft EMET Bypass Developed
Complete Reversal: Home-Schooling German Family Unexpectedly Allowed to Stay in U.S.
Complete Spring Gardening Seed Source Guide
Complex punishing tenants for late rent by taking away front doors
Complte this sentence
Composite Historicl Documentaries in the Age of Obama-Sundance Film Review #1: Afronauts
Comprehensively Yours
Comptroller to de Blasio: Don’t get involved in arrests (Banana Republic of NY)
Comptroller to de Blasio: Don’t get involved in arrests (socialist schooled again)
Computer Pioneer Alan Turing Pardoned of Violating Law Forbidding Homosexuality
Computer Security Expert: Obamacare Website Security ‘Much Worse Off’ Than Before
Computer help viewing this site
Computer help, please (vanity)
Computer system could help deaf Catholics make confessions
Computing with slime: Logical circuits built using living slime molds
Comrade Carney And The Case Of The Disembodied Digit
Comrade De Blasio Takes Over (2nd Detroit)
Comrade Mandela’s Secret Life
Comrade Media is puzzled: The economy is improving comrades, so why don’t you worship Our Leader?
Comrade de Blasio’s smashing blows to New York City will show America what the Democrats are about
Conceal carry law a maze of possession rules
Conceal carry permits — It’s a Downstate, collar county thing
Concealed Carry Means Fewer Murders, Says New Study
Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act has Wicker, Cochran Support
Concealed carry group takes message door-to-door on south side
Concealed-carry Milwaukee gunman who claimed self-defense is sentenced
Concealed-weapon permit applications flood O.C. Sheriff's Department
Concealed-weapons applicants say they want protection
Concealed-weapons ruling challenged (CA)
Concealing Evil
Concentration of power: Hitler, Mao, Obama
Concerning Duck Dynasty's Phil R. : What happened to "While I may not agree with what you say..."
Concerning the use of music in church services: what "styles" are Biblically permitted?
Condi Rice Blasts Obama on Weakness, Leadership
Conditional release of 5 suspects of missionary murders provokes strong reactions
Condoleezza Rice Takes on Obama
Condoleezza Rice urges Republican party to be more inclusive (on immigration - shuddup)
Condom Research: Great Moments in Wasteful Spending…or Great Moments in Bizarre Regulation?
Condom piercer loses Supreme Court of Canada appeal
Condors thriving before new CA lead ammo ban
Confederate flag firefighter's ax leads to changes
Confederation: An Off-Ramp For The Ukrainian Crisis
Confession: I oppose Obama because he's Black
Confession: Why Do We Go to Confession? [Catholic Caucus]
Confessions of a Senator Lindsey Graham Telephone Town Hall Meeting Participant
Confessions of a ‘Greenpeace Dropout’ to the U.S. Senate on climate change
Confident Hollywood on Display at Oscars
Confidential Obamacare Navigator training manual uploaded online
Confirmation for No. 2 Homeland Security Job Moves Ahead (in dead of night vote)
Confirmed! Crop Circle Mystery Solved
Confirmed: Americans Searched Without Warrants
Confirmed: MSNBC pretty darned ignorant about Christianity and Scripture
Confirmed: Obama Bundler Caught Working with al Qaeda Linked Group
Confirmed: Obama Inaugural Donor In Charge of Dinesh D’Souza Prosecution
Confirmed: Obama to Miss February Budget Deadline (Anyone surprised?)
Confirmed: The United States Is the Chief Facilitator of Christian Persecution
Conflicts Unchanged in Birthplace of WWI
Conformity Part 2
Confronting Presidential Power Grabs
Confronting Putin’s Russia
Confused Japanese tourists trigger highway pursuit in Utah
Confused little girl meets her dad's twin for the first time [Video]
Confusing reporting rules will bite the IRS: Nasty surprises in store for taxpayers.
Confusion as faithful Catholic order is brutally disciplined while dissidents left to fester
Confusion of girl, seven, who calls lesbian stepmother 'mum and dad' after......
Confusion, chaos, and outrage reign as DOT suddenly decides to close Bonner Bridge (NC OBX)
Congratulations to Michael Voris: He is now thinking like Mark Shea
Congregation Collects Marlboro Miles, Decorates Church
Congress Blocks Slaughtering Horses For Meat In U.S.
Congress Critters can propose new amendments RIGHT NOW, why are we afraid of the States? ~ Vanity
Congress Defends Religious Freedom for the Troops
Congress Do Your Job - The Benghazi Murders are Still on our Frontburner
Congress Has a Way of Making Witnesses Speak: Its Own Jail(For Bush/Meiers,that is)
Congress Holds Hearings On Space Aliens
Congress Is Now Mostly A Millionaires’ Club (more than half are now millionaires)
Congress Must Ask Barra Why GM Hasn’t Recalled Saturn Ions with Power Steering Loss
Congress Must Take Back Its Constitutional Powers
Congress Presses NASA Chief on Domestic and Foreign Space Threats
Congress Questions Plan to Pay for 11-Carrier Navy
Congress Spent Your Money on Some Crazy Things Last Year. Will 2014 Be Any Different?
Congress Strengthens Religious Freedom For The Military
Congress Turns Its Back on the Military Again
Congress Unplugged: Rep. Peter Roskam (R-IL) says Lois Lerner Committed Felonies
Congress Warned About Evolution of Jihadist Networks
Congress and staff are exempt from income limits for Obamacare subsidies that apply to everyone else
Congress approves five-year farm bill
Congress baffled by missing plane - Rep Peter King: Malaysia "done nothing right so far"
Congress doesn't work for us
Congress double-crosses military retirees
Congress grants Obama 'free rein for martial law'
Congress is deceiving the American people about the federal budget: Bill White
Congress letting 55 tax breaks expire at year end
Congress must take action now on immigration reform
Congress on God
Congress promises to lift 800m people into middle class, new rights(India)
Congress pushes for Russia sanctions, Ukrainian aid
Congress secretly approves U.S. weapons flow to 'moderate' Syrian rebels
Congress seeks to jack up fees on home heating oil in midst of frigid winter
Congress should protect states' right to define marriage
Congress to hold hearing on SEAL Team 6 crash
Congress unveils $1.1 TRILLION spending bill in bid to avoid another government shutdown
Congress wants answers on health impacts of Japan disaster relief (Fukushima/USS Reagan crew)
Congress, watchdogs stonewalled in probes of administration
Congressional Budget Office sends death blow to ObamaCare
Congressional Budget Office: Wage hike would lift pay but cost jobs
Congressional Extortion
Congressional Hearing Explores Costs, Benefits of Small Business Bitcoin Use
Congressional Leaders, Foundation Praise FinCEN Guidance [Bitcoin]
Congressional Probe of Cover Oregon
Congressional Report Warns of Potential Bitcoin Threat to US Dollar
Congressional Republicans Reveal Secret Love for Obamacare
Congressional Study: Murder Rate Nearly Halved from 1994 as Gun Ownership Soared
Congressional negotiators unveil $1.1T spending bill
Congressman Blake Farenthold: "I Don't Think Mr. Holder Should Be Here"
Congressman Endorses Lee Bright (Steve Stockman endorses Graham challenger)
Congressman Fred Upton on immigration reform, health care and what's ahead for 2014
Congressman George Miller Announces Retirement After 40 Years
Congressman Gohmert: I got into politics to stop paying poor women to have kids
Congressman Ron Paul Coming to Bay Area
Congressman Stockman calls out Lindsay Graham and John Cornyn
Congressman Thomas Massie Endorses Lee Bright for U.S. Senate
Congressman Threatens to Throw Reporter Off Balcony - on Camera
Congressman Tried to Shut Down a Tea Party Leader at Thursday’s Hearing
Congressman Upset His $174,000 Annual Salary Not Enough To Live 'Decently' In D.C.
Congressman calls Obama ‘the Socialistic dictator’ on House floor
Congressman from New York to marry same-sex partner
Congressman to Constituents: Proceed on Healthcare.gov At Your Own Risk
Congressman's $200,000 loan (amnesty cheerleader)
Congressman: Hillary busted in monster 'lie'
Congressmen Want to Bring Obama to Court for Not Faithfully Executing Laws
Congresswoman Argues for End to “Welfare” as We Know It
Congresswoman Proposes Expedited Legislative Procedure
Congresswoman: Obama admin rule change lets insurance companies keep more profits, pay less for care
Congress’ Contempt Power & Enforcement of Congressional Subpoenas: Law History Practice & Procedure
Congress’ Real Problem: They’re Letting Regulators Become Legislators
Congress’s Last Chance to Avoid a Fiscal Disaster
Conn. Cop: I Will Kick Down Doors To Confiscate Guns
Conn. court: Horse owners must prevent injuries (claims horses “naturally vicious”)
Conn. officer says woman sounds 'anti-American' for questioning gun control law
Conn. officials tell gun owners to relinquish or destroy banned assault weapons
Conn. shooter's dad: 'You can't get any more evil'
Connecticut Bill Would Impose 20-Year Prison Sentence On People Who Commit Crimes With Drones
Connecticut Democrats and the SEIU
Connecticut Gun Confiscation, LawMakers List.
Connecticut Gun Grabbers Exposed
Connecticut Gun Owners Fail to Register; Officials Push “Amnesty”
Connecticut Gun Owners: “Come and Get Them!”
Connecticut Gun Rights Rally
Connecticut Man Posts Video Of His Marijuana Garden Online, Gives Name And Address, Gets Arrested
Connecticut May Be First to Lower Movie Volumes
Connecticut Police to Begin Door-to-Door Gun Confiscations
Connecticut Republicans applaud Jeb & McMahon gets award
Connecticut Senator Charges Congress with Gun Violence 'Complicity'
Connecticut Shouldn't Be Surprised That "Fewer People Than Expected Have Registered Weapons"
Connecticut State Police say: "Surrender now, or we will send somebody this ugly to your door to
Connecticut activists ready to ‘ramp up the pressure'
Connecticut burglar steals one banana after driving into Citgo station
Connecticut could be 1st state to curb loud movies
Connecticut gun owners revolt: Widely flouted registration law puts legislators in a bind
Connecticut halts plans to round up firearms after finding most cops in the state are on the list
Connecticut halts plans to round up firearms:Satire with a Point
Connecticut insurers ordered to provide sex-change coverage
Connecticut labor advocates and businesses clash over low wage workers bill (Fines for "low pay")
Connecticut law requiring permit or certificate for sale, transfer of long guns takes effect
Connecticut marketplace enrolls thousands on deadline
Connecticut sends out the first confiscation letters
Connecticut throws 'assault weapon' registration party, (almost) nobody comes
Connecticut, The Coming Storm, Part 2: Who Are The Police?
Connecticut...refusing to register their “assault weapons” and “high capacity” magazines
Connecticut’s Epic Fail
Connecting More Dots (McConnell working to undermine Sasse in Nebraska)
Connecting the Dots in the IRS Scandal
Connecting the dots on the recent arrests/indictments of so many “protected class” Democrats
Connections Between Iraq Terrorists and Syrian Civil War - Translated from Arabic
Conner Mertens Makes Groundbreaking Announcement [Football Player "I Like Dudes"]
Conor Oberst Urged to Drop Libel Suit Against Alleged Rape Victim
Conrad Black: What would Woodrow Wilson say?
Consecrated life is a gift from God, Pope reflects
Consecration—Temporal Equality—Selfishness to Be Overcome—Resurrection—Return to Jackson County...
Consequences of killing in post collapse world
Conservatism vs Liberalism debate between Govs. Walker and Shumlin
Conservative 'Dump the Leadership' launches six-figure campaign
Conservative Activist James O’Keefe Claims Cuomo Is Trying to Run Him Out of NY
Conservative Battle Cry on Immigration: Remember the Farm Bill
Conservative Budgeting Helps Some Teachers Get Cash Back
Conservative Christians Selectively Apply Biblical Teachings in the Same-Sex Marriage Debate
Conservative Critics of Government Are 'Freaks' Who 'Will Need Kevlar'
Conservative Group Backs State Lawmaker Over Bob Barr in Georgia
Conservative Group Bucks Team Mitch, NRSC by Hiring Blacklisted Consulting Firm
Conservative Group Endorses Kansas Challenger (Kansas)
Conservative Group Hammers Mitch McConnell in New Ad Calling Him a ‘Bully’ and ‘Desperate’
Conservative Group Takes Sides in Michigan G.O.P. Primary (Amash)
Conservative Group: Obama's Now an 'Empty Suit'
Conservative HOT LINKS~
Conservative Leaders For Jeb Bush?
Conservative Merkel ally criticizes German foreign minister over Russia
Conservative NYT Columnist on What to Expect When Gay Marriage Becomes Legal in 50 Sates
Conservative New Year's Resolutions
Conservative Predictions for 2014, Including – Surprise! – More Liberal Failure
Conservative Principles and the Common Man
Conservative Pundits Weigh In on Cuomo ‘No Place in the State’ Controversy
Conservative Putin & the Western Media
Conservative Scouting For Girls?
Conservative University of North Carolina professor wins promotion and 50k in discrimination case
Conservative Women's Group Finds 'Gentleman of the Year'
Conservative activist O'Keefe claims Cuomo targeting his group
Conservative activist launches boycott of Firefox browser
Conservative author and pundit Dinesh D’Souza charged in campaign finance case
Conservative filmmaker behind anti-Obama documentary indicted for violating election law
Conservative firebrand Ted Cruz launches political convention with crowd-pleasing demand(X IRS)
Conservative grassroots shocks Team Cantor in his own district with surprise intra-party victory
Conservative group calls for Boehner’s head
Conservative group endorses Kansas challenger
Conservative group pushes to topple GOP leaders in Congress
Conservative group tags McConnell for rising healthcare costs, debt
Conservative group to open 5 offices in Kentucky to help Bevin beat McConnell
Conservative group touts McConnell's work with Paul
Conservative groups attack Lankford, back Bridenstine to replace Coburn
Conservative insurgents strike blow against GOP Establishment
Conservative launches 'Cruz' missile to torpedo GOP bigwig
Conservative leader Bill Gothard on leave following abuse allegations
Conservative legend Thomas Sowell turns on Ted Cruz
Conservative media is unintentionally protecting Obama
Conservative of the Year: Rep. Darrell Issa
Conservative party descends into civil war as 100 Tory rebels prepare to defy Cameron on EU
Conservative poll has Michigan Republican Senate candidate up 8 points
Conservative prof who was denied promotion wins First Amendment lawsuit
Conservative prof who was denied promotion wins First Amendment lawsuit (Mike Adams wins!)
Conservative to Wisconsin prosecutors: Shut down secret probe or face civil rights lawsuit
Conservative website shuttered after libel ruling [Free Dominion]
Conservatives Embrace Fancy Book Learnin’!
Conservatives Mock Obamacare's Pajama Boy Because They're Scared of Him
Conservatives Must Break the Establishment’s Rules
Conservatives Need to Clean House
Conservatives Say Utah Polygamy Ruling Confirms Their Worst Fears
Conservatives Warn 'Playground Bully' Obama
Conservatives Win Big! (Texas)
Conservatives deserve what is happening to them
Conservatives freak out over ‘pajama boy’
Conservatives lay out vision for the future
Conservatives may pull support from Baker’s campaign
Conservatives oppose Boehner on immigration
Conservatives outnumber liberals in 47 states (Sorry to say but BS)
Conservatives revolt over lack of cuts
Conservatives target vulnerable Democrats over ObamaCare support
Conservatives,Your"Top 10 Things",Our President Forgot To Bring Up Last Night.
Conservatives: GOP needs to stand on principle
Conservatives: Obama's State of the Union Immigration Reform Appeal Fell Flat
Conservatives: Obama's s of u Immigration Reform Appeal Fell Flat (Ryan backstabber alert)
Conservatives: We’re ‘under attack’ on Hill
Consider free cash from feds
Considering a New Rifle: Mini14 or SR556? (VANITY)
Consistory: Cardinal Kasper addresses the Cardinals
Conspiracy Theory: Asian VIP Behind Missing Malaysian Airliner, Claims Kuwaiti Activist
Conspiracy theories spiral around MH370’s disappearance
Constitutional Carry Bill Introduced in Colorado
Constitutional Carry Considered in South Carolina
Constitutional Convention Delegates Wanted Detroit Pensions To Be Fully Funded
Construction of Arak plant makes 87% progress: AEOI
Consultant Who Stumped for Cruz Targets Sessions
Consultants: Detroit could increase parking fines, crack down on non-payers, to raise revenue
Consumer Groups Fight $5 ‘Obama Phone’ Fee In Georgia
Consumer Reports: Wiping your old electronics clean
Consumer Sentiment Dips in March
Consumer bureau data-mining hundreds of millions of consumer credit card accounts, mortgages
Consumer confidence falls in February
ConsumerWatch: Some Doctors Surprised To Be On Covered California Provider List
Consumers Beware: Not All Health Plans Cover A Doctor's Visit Before The Deductible Is Met
Consumers Get $10B In Subsidies For Health Coverage, Study Finds
Consumers Hit With Surprise Tax in Obamacare Premium
Consumers Save $240 Annually From Electricity Competition in Illinois
Consumers pay high-tech price in privacy for perks
Contaminated Skittles Probed After 2 Hospitalized
Contemplative Practices Gaining with Youth, Young Adults
Contemporary American Classics: *Rhapsody In Blue* (good video 16:25 mins)
Contemporary “War Of The Roses” Among Academics Over Claimed Richard III Remains Discovery
Continental CEO Sees U.S. Drilling Slower And Orderly
Continental basks in shale glory
Continuing Russian Roulette: The Invasion of Ukraine #17
Contraception Disrupts 'Language of Love,' Bishop Conley Teaches
Contraception Mandate Trampling Religious Freedom?
Contractors Wary Of Looming Calif. Home Improvement Law
Contrary to Report, Charter Schools Get Less Money Per Pupil Than Conventional Schools
Contributions to Rove groups plummet after taking aim at tea party
Controller 'Missing' as Flight Heads for Landing
Controversial Black History Month Lunch Menu Prompts Concord School To Apologize
Controversial Charlton Heston USPS Stamp Not Yet a Done Deal
Controversial Float Spurs Call to Boycott 'Tournament of Roses' Parade (Video)
Controversial blogger says ad contains secret code about upcoming Muslim Brotherhood attack
Controversial execution in Ohio uses new drug combination
Controversial paper linking conspiracy ideation to climate change skepticism formally retracted
Controversial pastor links Obama's gay marriage endorsement to...the future rise of the AntiChrist
Controversial preacher Harold Camping dies at 92
Controversy After Viral Video Shows What Happens When You Pour Molten Aluminum Down Ant Hill
Controversy Surrounds Lunch Menu at Concord High School
Controversy as challenge Georgia Right to Life for National Right to Life affiliation
Controversy in Detroit: What's a Fair Settlement of Bondholder and Pension Obligation Claims?
Controversy over Facebook photo of baby holding rifle (Yes, It's Getting This Bad)
Convention of States Project Scholarship Contest winners
Conversation with an Englishman on Silencers
Converted and Converting [St. Paul]
Convicted Felon Turned in at Gun Show (so much for that oft talked about "loophole")
Convicted Terrorist Worked as Obamacare Navigator in Illinois
Convicted rep brought to Statehouse in handcuffs
Convicted state lawmaker introduces crime bill (Dem)
Conway and Beshear's split on appeal decision causes strong emotions
Conway won't appeal Judge Heyburn's ruling on same-sex marriage, but Beshear will
Cook County GOP Chief: No Regrets About Threats to Ex's Boyfriend
Cook County Judge Once Found Insane Wants Back On the Bench
Cookie Boycott Continues After Girl Scouts' Halfhearted Apology over Wendy Davis
Cooking Oil is the New Snake Oil
Cooking With Conifers: An Evergreen Trick That's Newly Hip
Cooling Kills: Governments Must Shift to Cold Preparation
Cooling pump fails on International Space Station; six-man crew OK
Cop Killer Mumia Abu-Jamal's Lawyer To Top DOJ Post
Cop Kills Schizophrenic Teen After His Family Asks for Help
Cop Shoots Service Dog During Kid's Birthday Party
Cop arrives at traffic accident, shoots Air Force airman’
Cop cuffs fireman in crash site dispute
Cop on Disability for Stapled Finger Seen Firing Gun at Range (NJ)
Cop ruptures 16-year-old’s testicles during frisk (VIDEO)
Cop tells student filming him: ‘You just lost your free speech rights!’ [VIDEO]
Cop's 'Heart Sank' on Realizing Shots Fired at Minivan Full of Kids (NMSP Shooting w/video)
Cop-Killer Abu-Jamial’s Attorney Debo Adegbile to Head Obama’s Justice Department’s Civil Rights
Cop-Killer, Communist, Terrorist Pen Nightmarish Blueprint for 'Socialist USA'
Cop: I'd Love to 'Bang down Your Door and Come for Your Gun'
Copenhagen Zoo Kills Four Healthy Staff Members To Make Space For New Employees
Copenhagen Zoo met with online rage after putting down healthy giraffe to stop inbreeding
Copper Is Getting Smoked After Bad Chinese Data
Copper Is In Full Meltdown Mode Again In Shanghai (Dr Copper)
Copper Sinks on Weaker Chinese Data
Cops Beat a Deaf Man for Seven Minutes Because He didn’t Respond to Their Yelling
Cops Gone Wild: Police Issue Citations to Obama Protesters — For Displaying U.S. Flag! (Video)
Cops bloody old man — for jaywalking
Cops expect dismissal of charges vs. activists seeking Obamacare signups
Cops find cocaine 'in plain view' at Justin Bieber's mansion ....
Cops flee from station as family dumps goblin (Zimbabwe)
Cops flush with leads in Fort Pierce toilet lid attack
Cops must face justice in killing of homeless man (found not guilty)
Cops search for Hasidic men in ‘bias’ attack
Cops to Use Portable Drug Test at New Year's DUI Checkpoints
Cops: 5 in custody for Temple attacks (Hate crimes near campus)
Cops: Brutal babysitter responsible for 4-year-old killed tot
Cops: Buford man killed outside Hall Co. bar shot in self defense
Cops: Burglar shot to death by homeowner on West Side
Cops: Day after finishing 15-year prison term, man robs the same Toms River shoe store once again
Cops: Man Hit Girlfriend With Anger Management Book
Cops: Man Robbed of Rock Salt at Gunpoint (Crooks Tape Themselves)
Cops: Man robbed of rock salt at gunpoint
Cops: Off-duty sergeant fatally shoots teen during robbery
Cops: Off-duty sergeant fatally shoots teen during robbery (Chicago, video of incident)
Cops: Teen's death linked to cell use
Cops: WMD Found at Russian National's House During Pot Bust
Coral Gardening in Fiji
Coralville man learns his daughter is alive after 18 years of searching
Corbett supporters challenge petitions of GOP primary rival (GOPe goes after Tea Party candidate)
Corey Booker’s Newark: a real New Jersey scandal for the media to ignore
Corker-Warner GSE Reform Similar To Single-Payer Healthcare (It Won't Work Either)
Corn Prices Are Popping
Corn dog crash in Louisiana closes interstate Tuesday morning
Corn: Why Obamacare Means Life and Death…for Both Political Parties
Corned Beef and Cabbage: As Irish as Spaghetti and Meatballs
Cornel West Warns Against the ‘Santa Claus-ification’ of Nelson Mandela on CNN
Cornell: Pranksters Skewed Landmark Gender Study
Cornerstone University Brings Christian Perspective on Immigration Reform
Corning: Sapphire Is Heavy, Environmentally-Unfriendly, and It Actually Does Break
Cornyn 'encouraged' by immigration talk (April 14, 2013)
Cornyn Challenger Dwayne Stovall Gets a Tea Party Endorsement [U.S. Senate Race-Texas]
Cornyn Loves Obamacare (Compelling)
Cornyn Loves Obamacare (Great website!! Documents Cornyn's Treachery!)
Cornyn Perfects Bait-And-Switch
Cornyn Stumbles as Chief Fundraiser for GOP Senate Candidates
Cornyn a triple dipper; received three public pensions plus salary in 2012 (Oct 3, 2013)
Cornyn backers set benefit with Rove, McCoy
Cornyn crushes Stockman in Texas primary
Cornyn declares Cruz a threat to nation, has ‘no regrets’ about voting to raise debt limit
Cornyn downplays latest split with Cruz as primary approaches (+ Chamber of Amnesty endorsement)
Cornyn for the GOP nomination (LSM Endorsement)
Cornyn optimistic about primary - Calls primary campaign 'strange'
Cornyn plans campaign stop in Longview (Cornyn rally with Karl Rove is TODAY Feb 16)
Cornyn plans campaign stop in Longview (with Karl Rove)
Cornyn tamps down expectations for Tuesday primary
Cornyn to showcase financial literacy curriculum at Estacado HS
Cornyn unveils bill to fund sex trade battle during Longview stop
Cornyn votes against raising the debt ceiling
Cornyn votes for Debt Limit Cloture. Texans: vote against him beginning 2/18
Cornyn wants U.S. taxpayers to fund Mexican development (July 13, 2006)
Cornyn won’t pay a price for defying Ted Cruz on budget ceiling vote
Cornyn's Campaign: Stockman '3rd Least Conservative' Rep. In Texas
Cornyn's record out of step with Texas conservatives
Cornyn, Rove attend Tyler panel on immigration (2007 Flashback)
Cornyn, Sessions appear to thwart tea party foes
Cornyn: 2014 and beyond about ‘mitigating Obama policies’ (from yesterday's Cornyn-Rove rally)
Cornyn: Immigration Reform Not Out of the Question in 2014
Cornyn: We have a moral obligation to deal with our debt
Corona Family Looks to the Public for Help in Identifying Girl’s Attackers
Coroner: Man Found Dead in Santa Cruz Driveway Stabbed Himself
Coroner: Mummified body found under home possibly missing woman
Corporate Welfare Agency Has 52 Employees Who Earn More Than $100K
Corporate backing is helping Obamacare go mainstream
Corporate religion? Hobby Lobby, the Supreme Court, and the science behind emergency contraceptives
Corporate-Welfare Queens: Conservatives Need to Take Them On
Corporation Carte Blanche: Will US-EU Trade Become Too Free?
Corrections investigating rap video reportedly made by SC inmates
Corrosive Conformity [Mozilla]
Corrupt AG's Feigned Outrage Shouldn't Be Distraction
Corrupt Pennsylvania officials caught in sting are all black Democrats
Corrupt Politicians, Organized Crime, and Citizen Disarmament
Corrupt ‘Kids for Cash’ judge ruined more than 2,000 lives
Corruption Still Plagues Ukraine as West Pumps in Aid
Corruption across EU 'breathtaking' - EU Commission
Corruption, U.S.A.: Creeping ObamaCare and Our Dangerously Uncontrolled Home-Based Piano Teachers
Corsi: It’s Time to Elect Stockman to the U.S. Senate in Texas and Retire Cornyn
Corsi: Obama Gun Grab Shifts into High Gear
Cory Booker Claims He Drove To Hawaii as a Teen With His New Jersey Drivers License
Cory Booker bets cookies against 2016 bid
Cory Booker: My dinner with Ted Cruz
Cory Gardner In For Senate, Ken Buck Switches To House Run
Cory Gardner to run for Senate in Colorado(GOP gets its man)
Cosgrove expected to be named G(overnor) G(eneral) on Monday (conservatism marches on in Australia)
Cosmetic tweaks to AR-15 thwart New York's 'ban' on assault rifles
Cosmic Newsflash: God Controls the Climate, Not Man!
Cosmos Scrubs Religion's Positive Influence from the History of the Scientific Revolution
Cosmos with Neil deGrasse Tyson: Same Old Product, Bright New Packaging
Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey - The Review (Got History Wrong)
Cost of Being Mayor? $650 Million, if He’s Rich
Cost of First Lady's Beijing Hotel Was Deemed 'Prohibitive' for Biden
Cost of an appendectomy? Reddit user posts $55,000 bill
Cost of breakfast going up
Costa Concordia Trial: Court Hears Schettino’s Now Famous Call with Coast Guard
Costas In Context: His critics owe no apologies
Costco January same-store sales beat expectations
Costs, legal battles cast cloud over cat rescue
Cotton outraises Pryor in 4th quarter
Could 2014 be the “Year of the Tea Party Democrat”?
Could A Pro Pot Lesbian Become The Next Governor Of Maryland?
Could Bill Clinton help (exempt NC RAT) Sen. Kay Hagan’s campaign?
Could Bitcoin Surpass Google’s $369 Billion Market Cap?
Could Bitcoin Surpass Google’s $384 Billion Market Cap?
Could Christie pull an Obama-Rev. Wright & say Kelly & Wildstein "aren't the persons that I knew"?
Could Citizens United and a semi-colon undo Obamacare?
Could Connecticut Gun Laws Spark Another Waco?
Could Donetsk go in the same way as Crimea?
Could Ebola now be airborne?
Could GPS Rockets Put an End to High-Speed Police Chases?
Could Justin Bieber be deported if charged, convicted of pelting eggs?
Could Los Angeles withstand a “megaquake’?
Could NY-23 Dem candiate have (gasp) lied about GOP cyberattack?
Could Oakland Become the Next Silicon Valley?
Could Particle ‘Spooky Action’ Define The Nature Of Gravity?
Could Russia Send Troops to the Crimea?
Could The GOP Fall One Agonizing Vote Short In 2016?
Could This Be the Real Reason the New NYC Mayor Vowed to Ban Horse Carriages in NYC?
Could This New Congressional Resolution Lead to Impeachment of Obama?
Could US lose access to Keystone oil? Canada moves to Plan B
Could We Really 'Repeal and Replace' Barack Obama?
Could Women Ever be Ordained Deaconesses?
Could YOU live without toilet paper? Meet the women who choose to wipe with a reusable piece..
Could You Survive Lost in the Wilderness?
Could a Christian support abortion
Could a State make calling someone 'Homophobic' a Hate Crime? (Like using the 'N' word)
Could it be the SR-72? ..mysterious object photographed flying over Texas is spy plane..
Could nanoprinting kick-start a world of versatile home manufacturing?
Could newly discovered gold coins be the haul stolen by ... San Francisco Mint employee in 1901?
Could newly discovered gold coins be the haul stolen by SF Mint employee in 1901? [GOLD COINS]
Could the smell of your EARWAX reveal where you’ve been, what you’ve eaten and even if you are gay?…
Could the universe collapse TODAY? Physicists claim that risk is ‘more likely than ever’…
Could this be the end of Boehner’s Speakership?
Could this be where the Synod on the Family is headed?
Could tipping baristas become the norm?
Could we condemn criminals to suffer for hundreds of years? ...
Could you pass a US citizenship test?
Coulter: A Bridge Too Far-Fetched
Coulter: Liberals talk race and crime – and hilarity ensues!
Coulter: Mitt Romney in 2016; "Cruz A Disaster On Illegal Immigration"
Coulter: New Obama Promise: If You Like Your Life, You Can Keep It
Council on Foreign Relations Caught Lying About Cuba-North Korea Arms Smuggling
Council passes e-cig ban in public places
Council places limits on number of rideshare drivers
Councilwoman Blames 'Knockout' Attacks on Tension Between Blacks and Jews
Countdown for Obamacare signups (Deadline Tomorrow)
Countdown to State of the Union--2013: Obama Opens Second Term with With List
Countdown to lightbulb tyranny!!!
Counter Putin with Natural-Gas Exports - Obama should ignore the green lobby and expedite exports...
Counting Obama's wimpiness 6 ways to Sunday (literally!)
Country Singer Ray Price Dead at 87
Country contraband: Banned tunes (Country music)
Country music legend Ray Price leaving hospital for Mount Pleasant home, leaves final message...
Country remains polarized with more differences on the horizon
Country star Toby Keith sparks outrage after banning GUNS from his new Virginia restaurant
Country’s first gun store to sell smart guns quickly reverses course
County Board Calls Patriots Cop Killers
County Commissioner Will Take Jail Over Being Denied Her Religious Rights
County Renames Easter Bunny as ‘Spring Bunny’ in Parks’ Egg Hunt Promotion
County office bans criticism of Obamacare
County to pay $1 million to 3 detectives in sex-harassment case
Couple 'allowed their 2-year-old son to smoke pot FIVE times
Couple Arrested In Murder Of Aspen Socialite
Couple Awarded $50 Million in ‘Wrongful Birth’ Suit After Son Born With Disabilities
Couple Charged with Ripping Off Minnesota for Welfare Benefits from Yacht in Florida
Couple In Car Clipped By FedEx Truck In Orland: ‘It Was Like A 3D Movie’
Couple Lived On $1.2m Yacht In Palm Beach While Collecting Welfare And Food Stamps
Couple Marks 66th Anniversary With $15.75 Waldorf Astoria Hotel Room
Couple Stumbles Upon $10 Million in Rare Coins
Couple That Found $10 Million in Gold Coins Will Have to Hand Over HOW MUCH in Taxes?
Couple Wins $50M in Biggest “Wrongful Birth” Suit, Doc Didn’t Suggest Aborting Disabled Baby
Couple feel 'robbed' by 25% interest TD car loan (Canada, eh?)
Couple has been living under a rock, literally
Couple shot, man killed at Grove 16 movie theater in Wesley Chapel, FL
Couple spend £40,000 transforming the first floor of their terraced home into a Boeing 737
Couple who are just friends allowed to adopt, judge says in landmark ruling
Couple who found $10m hoard of gold coins could have broken law
Couple who received pre-marked voter registration card fears gov’t retribution
Couple who were seriously injured in Boston Marathon bombing get married in a fairytale wedding...
Couple's paid-off home foreclosed mistakenly
Couples have sex in a box, then talk about it, on new WE show
Courageous Priest
Courant demands on gun enforcement present dilemma for state(CT gun ban)
Court Delays Mississippi's First Execution of Female Inmate in 70 Years
Court Grants Secrecy for Memo on Phone Data
Court Orders Utility To Address Wind Turbine Noise Problems
Court Rejects Claims by Family Members of U.S. Drone Strike Victims
Court Rejects Obama Admin Exec Priv...Judge dings admin for ‘cavalier attitude’ toward transparency
Court Rejects Obama Admin Executive Privilege Arguments
Court Reschedules Executions of Two Oklahoma Inmates after State Can’t Find Supply of Killer Drugs
Court Reverses Philadelphia Monsignor's Conviction
Court Rules Lesbian Chef Is Owed $1.6M After Boss Prayed to 'Cure Her of Her Sexuality'
Court Rules Off-The-Grid Living Is Illegal [Florida]
Court Rules Public University May Discipline Professor for Religious Speech
Court To Consider California’s DNA Collection Law
Court Weighs Police Role in Coercing Confessions[NY]
Court Will Decide if Husband Can Kill His Unborn Child by Removing Mom’s Life Support
Court affirms Mass. murderer's right to get sex change in prison
Court deals new blow to birth-control mandate
Court denies gun rights cases
Court overturns county gun permit rules (San Diego)
Court revives transgender widow’s legal fight (TX)
Court rules Fla. universities can't regulate guns
Court rules bias at University of North Carolina-Wilmington against conservative professor
Court rules lesbian chef is owed $1.6M after boss prayed to 'cure her of her sexuality'
Court ruling overturns Net Neutrality, threatens online access, experts warn
Court sides with Catholic schools, hospitals against HHS mandate
Court skeptical of IQ scores in deciding execution
Court strikes California law limiting concealed weapons
Court strikes down net neutrality
Court warns Obama that he is abusing Executive authority with ObamaCare contraception mandates
Court-Martial Set To Start For Navy Supervisor In Connection To 2 Divers’ Deaths
Court: 2012 Fla. voter purge was illegal
Court: Bloggers have First Amendment Protections
Court: Gov. Nikki Haley, SC officials can be sued for Occupy arrests
Court: NYC can ban church service in public school
Court: Notre Dame must adhere to ObamaCare birth control mandate (goes to Supremes)
Court: Obama Admin “Doesn’t Have the Right” to Impose HHS Mandate on Christian Colleges
Court: School can ban US flag shirts for safety
Courtney Love claims to have found missing plane (Malaysia)
Cover Oregon misses another deadline
Cover Oregon: If you haven’t heard from us by Monday…you should probably look for alternate coverage
Cover Your Eyes for the Final Obamafication of America
Cover-up: Media hide key fact in school shooting (...sudden turn after gunman's politics revealed)
Cover-up? Army historian says report on deadly Afghan battle was altered to absolve faulty gun
Coverage Expansion Fail: Less Than One-Third Of Obamacare Exchange Enrollees Were Previously
Covered CA website is a mess
Covered California (ObamaCare) gave consumers' contact info to agents (so they can spam people)
Covered California Help Closed for Cesar Chavez Day--on Obamacare Deadline
Covered California Invades Californians' Privacy
Covered California Nightmare Stories (Sign-up Volume High for California)
Covered California Sends Out Voter Registration Cards Pre-Marked for Democrat Party (Video)
Covered California clients have trouble finding doctors
Covered California website stymied by software problems
Covered Employment Update: Employment vs. Federal Spending
Covington police officer who arrested football referees suspended, demoted
Covington, GA City Judge resigns (PC violator)
Cow Injures Two in Escape From Abattoir
Cowardice Blocks Pew’s Chance To Tell The Truth About Islam
Cowboys Management Comments On Dez Leaving Game Early
Cows and Illegal Aliens
Cox Communications to lay off 500 in San Diego (Plus 150 more in Orange County)
Coyote Attacks Woman Walking Dog in Rockland County ( NY )
Coyotes On The Prowl in San Francisco
Cpl. Clifford Wooldridge - His Navy Cross citation :
Crack In Ivory Curtain
Crack in 1 Columbia River dam affects others (Washington State)
Crackdown on Muslim Brotherhood as it is declared a terrorist group by Egyptian government
Cracker Barrel Backtrack: Duck Back On Menu
Cracker Barrel Backtrack: Duck Back On Menu; "We made a mistake, we listened to you, we apologize."
Cracker Barrel Bails on Phil's Products
Cracker Barrel is now on my banned list. How about you? (Vanity)
Cracker Barrel pulls 'Duck Dynasty' merchandise
Cracker Barrel puts back Duck Dynasty merchandise on shelves
Cracker Barrel reportedly pulls Phil Robertson merchandise from stores
Cracker Barrel: A Tale of Two Press Releases
Cracker Barrel: We screwed up big time
Cracks in Obamacare support: (Ditzy) Dean calls for repeal of mandate
Cradle-to-grave debt load leaves no Chicagoan free
Craig James files religious discrimination complaint against FOX
Cramer: Has the decline stopped in its tracks? (Wednesday PM) (Cramer top-ticks it AGAIN)
Crane operator saved from blazing inferno by daring helicopter rescue
Cranston looking into allegations of police retaliation
Crashing and Burning in 2013
Crazy Boat Racing
Crazy Emergency Braking With A Leopard Tank
Crazy Feminists Want Their "Period" to Bleed "Freely" and Feminize Wikipedia
Crazy Radio Host: I Hate Homosexuality Because I Love Black Men
Crazy Steve Stockman Could Force Senator Cornyn Into Runoff in TX GOP Primary
Crazy about Open Carry
Crazy thought and question about Barack Obama
Creation of a tough & resilient Japanese Ground Self-Defense Force (video)
Creation-in-Depth- "Information Theory—part 2: weaknesses in current conceptual frameworks"
Creationists go nuts over Cosmos, demand "equal time"
Creative Freepers: The OFFICIAL Bulwer-Lytton Contest thread for 2014
Creative Toppings to Make Pizza a Work of Edible Art
Creator of Duck Dynasty Starred in Film About Gay Porn
Credit card belonging to missing Wall Street Journal reporter David Bird used in Mexico: report
Credit card hackers hit Neiman Marcus
Credulous and Tendentious on Benghazi: The New York Times’s slanted account of the killings.
Creepier Than Michael Jackson? His secret son?
Creepy Burglar Resembling Breaking Bad's 'Walter White' Leaves 'Selfie' on Woman's Cell Phone
Cremation gaining acceptance, study shows
Crest Industries Expanding Its Louisiana Presence
Crestwood Court(St. Louis): Dead Mall in its Final Days (A Walkthrough)
Crews Mop Up Oil Leak In Wilmington After Possible Pipe Rupture
Crews Work To Clear Great Lakes Shipping Pathways
Crews preparing to enter underground nuke dump (NM)
Cricket fan to be counseled over pig-smuggling
Crickets from White House as Venezuelans Risk All to Throw Out the Chavistas
Cries for help still heard in fatal mudslide near Oso
Crime Stoppers Chief Eats the Evidence
Crime crackdown compared to slave roundup
Crime is down, but NY neighborhood doesn’t feel it (Brownsville, Brooklyn)
Crime study: Handguns, not 'assault rifles,' used in most mass shootings
Crime wave spurs tobacco shop design rethink
Crimea Declares Independence
Crimea Offers Showcase for Russia’s Rebooted Military (Not Your Father's Red Army Alert)
Crimea Separation from Ukraine Best for Everyone
Crimea Through a Game-Theory Lens
Crimea Vote Gets Attention of Europe's Other Secession Movements
Crimea added to maps of Russia on presidential and government websites
Crimea and the Federal City Of Sevastopol switch over to Moscow Time
Crimea crisis: Putin adviser proposes division of Ukraine along Nazi-Soviet lines
Crimea dispatch: 'There will be no war. We're not going to point our weapons'
Crimea leader asks Russia's Vladimir Putin for help in restoring 'peace and calm'
Crimea leaders urges Ukraine’s Russians to fight Kiev
Crimea or NCAA Bracket...Which one is Obama focused on??
Crimea parliament head urges Crimeans to support state independence
Crimea referendum: Wide condemnation after region votes to split from Ukraine
Crimea seizure act of Russian 'weakness': Obama
Crimea threatens secession; U.S. imposes sanctions
Crimea to spark WWIII? Germans ‘don't care’
Crimea votes to join Russia, Obama orders sanctions
Crimea votes to join Russia, accelerating Ukraine crisis
Crimea, Sevastopol included in list of Russian constituent entities in Constitution
Crimea: Russia’s Next Afghanistan?
Crimea: all this virile cold war talk won't force Vladimir Putin to slink back
Crimean Army gets 49 fighter jets from Ukrainian air bases - official (defection from Ukrainian AF)
Crimean Independence Referendum Is 3/16/14; Ukraine May Have One; Scottish Referendum Is 9/18/14
Crimean P.M. mocks Obama in faked Russian uniform on Twitter
Crimean PM announces creation of regional Navy
Crimean Parliament delegation to leave for Moscow for consultations on accession to Russia
Crimean Parliament to Adopt Kremlin-Backed Constitution on Friday
Crimean Prime Minister receives Russian passport
Crimean chief prosecutor Natalia Poklonskaya ‘wanted’ by Ukraine's security service
Crimean referendum over, 93% vote for accession to Russia – exit poll
Crimeans vote on union with Russia as troops build up rapidly
Criminal Actions by Obama; Two Wrongs Make a Right
Criminal Charges Not Expected in IRS Probe (Tea Party)
Criminal Law and the Moral Panic on Campus Rape
Criminal standards of science including global warming fraud
Criminals Think They're Better Than You
Criminologist: 'More Youngsters Killed in Bicycle Accidents' Than with Guns
Crippling the Intelligence We Used to Get bin Laden
Crisis At Christmas – A Homily for the 4th Sunday of Advent
Crisis In Ukraine: Deeper And Darker Roots
Crisis Prayer Request-Homeless in 10 Days!
Crisis Reality: “Within An Hour the Stores Were Emptied”
Crisis in Ukraine: As Russia surges, is US still a 'superpower'?
Crisis in Ukraine: Propaganda war heats up in Russia
Crist accused of trading money for judges
Crist hires former Obama hand Omar Khan to manage campaign for governor
Crist memoir: Rick Scott is a 'terrible governor,' Sarah Palin 'different,' Karl Rove a 'jerk'
Crist to speak for Dems at Gridiron [squares off with Ted Cruz]
Crist: GOP Career Ended When I Hugged ‘Not Just a Democrat, [But] an African American’
Crist: ObamaCare has been ‘great’
Critical Mass is free, but Houston police may begin charging riders for escort [bicyclists]
Criticized by Benedict, liberation theology founder gets hero’s welcome at Vatican
Critics Ballistic Over Christian Film's Oscar Nod
Critics urge moving away from Maryland exchange (to Healthcare.gov site)
Critics: Facts don’t back up Meryl Streep’s Walt Disney bashing
Croatian Girls: Patriotic, Catholic- and Cute!
Crocodile Caught Wandering Around California Mall
Crocodiles turning up in Broward, Palm Beach
Cronut-crazed New Yorkers brave frigid temperatures for pastry
Crony Capitalism in America 2008-2012: Legal Predators
Crony Corporatism Shouldn’t Be Fast Tracked
Cronyism, Corruption, and D.C. Nepotism
Crooked Labs, Agencies and Prosecutors
Crooks Pay For Girl Scout Cookies With Counterfeit Cash In Rancho Cucamonga
Cross Purposes: Should Anti-Discrimination Laws Trump Religious Freedom?
Cross-dresser walks across two runways at Newark airport before wandering into terminal after a
Cross-state presidential rivalries building for 2016
Crossing Over: Q&A with Nabeel Qureshi [Muslim Who Became Christian]
Crossing the line to infanticide
Crossroads launches major ad buy for Thom Tillis in North Carolina (Rove's group)
Crouching Thugs, Hidden Machete: Bicycler Waylaid Just for Giggles
Crowd of "kids" ambush Bryan (TX) Convenience Store
Crowd of hopefuls lining up to take on Cornyn
Crowd-funding raises over $22,000 for rag-tag group of Inuit kids to go south and play hockey
Crowdfunding Services Launches A New Website and Successful Facebook Campaign
Crowding Out U.S. Workers
Crowds gather for reenactment of George Washington's daring 1776 Delaware River crossing
Crowdsourcing used to search satellite images for missing Malaysia Airlines plane
Crucial Radar Outage Scrubs US National Security and SpaceX Launches for Several Weeks from Cape...
Cruciphobia at Mt. Soledad: The Cross the Left Can't Bear
Crude from Colorado rides train to new railport
Crude oil inventories at Cushing down 29% over the past seven weeks
Crude oil reserves at start of 2013 reach highest level since 1976
Crude oil shipments up 83 percent on US railroads
Cruel, Heartless Obama Mocks his Most Loyal, Unquestioning Supporters
Cruelty of cock fighting just another gift of cultural diversity from Mexican illegals
Cruise ship w/ over 500 ill set to arrive in Bayonne, city officials on standby w/contingency plan
Crumble: Ohio poll shows Christie now trailing Hillary by as much as most other GOP candidates
Crush Phil Robertson, Crush Free Speech
Crushing People Into Tight Housing Won't Cut CO2 Levels
Cruz (Lee) bill stops Obama from 'forcing' gay marriage onto states
Cruz Aims at His Own Side — Again: He may be doing more damage to the GOP than are the Democrats
Cruz Backs Group Hoping to Oust McConnell, Roberts, Cochran
Cruz Blasts Budget Deal: 'Exemplifies What Is Wrong with Washington'
Cruz Calls For Missiles In Eastern Europe
Cruz Calls Out GOP Leaders as Dishonest on Debt Issue
Cruz Calls President ‘Dangerous And Terrifying’
Cruz Continues Push to Reverse Obama's 'Disastrous Missile Defense Policies'
Cruz Control
Cruz Control: Junior Senator is smart, so why can’t he resist picking so many losing fights....
Cruz Control: Stopping Islamic Terrorists at the UN
Cruz Debt Ceiling Move Puts Republicans, Red-State Democrats On the Spot
Cruz Does Boehner No Favors (Boo-hoo)
Cruz Fires Up Crowd {Denton County GOP}
Cruz Introduces Bill to Prevent Terrorists from Entering US as UN Ambassador
Cruz Legal Memo: Obamacare is 'Abusive View of Federal Power'
Cruz Makes Distinction Between Endorsement and Praise
Cruz Meeting With Hollywood Conservatives on IRS Scrutiny
Cruz SLAMS the ‘lawless implementation of Obamacare’
Cruz Senate Provocation Goes Unpunished as Tools Ineffective
Cruz Slams Obama for 'Dancing in the End Zone' on Obamacare
Cruz Statement on The Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act of 2013
Cruz Up Close: Texas Senator Nabs Claremont’s ‘Statesmanship Award’ [SNARKY ALERT]
Cruz Walks Out on Castro Speech at Memorial Service for Mandela
Cruz Warns of ‘Receding’ Global Power of U.S.
Cruz angers GOP colleagues - again (Susan Collins is very upset!)
Cruz appeals to several factions within GOP
Cruz at Churchill Dinner: Obama’d Also Like to ‘Send My Head Back to England'
Cruz calls Obama ‘lawless’ in speech at county 2014 Lincoln-Reagan dinner
Cruz calls it a 'circus': the State of the Union spectacle begins
Cruz calls on Obama to answer questions on IRS, NSA, Benghazi
Cruz claims shutdown vindication
Cruz lays out indictment of Obama encroachment on Texas' rights
Cruz looks beyond Keystone XL
Cruz on O-Care repeal: ‘We’ll do it in 2017’
Cruz revs up supporters with Fort Worth endorsement
Cruz seeks to refocus NSA debate on ‘bad guys’
Cruz speaks at Denton County GOP dinner, calls on Congress to focus on economy
Cruz steering Texas Republicans further right in primary fights
Cruz to CNN: Global warming not supported by data
Cruz to GOP: Stop obsessing over Keystone XL
Cruz to Hagel: Why is Pentagon Funding Algae Fuel, Wind Turbines, But Not More Combat Troops?
Cruz to Holder: Appoint an Independent Prosecutor in IRS Scandal
Cruz to conservatives: Keep fighting for cuts in debt limit talks
Cruz to get hero's welcome in Iowa and New Hampshire
Cruz to get hero's welcome in Iowa, NH
Cruz vs. Obama on foreign policy
Cruz wades into ugly Iowa Senate fight
Cruz will headline local GOP fundraiser
Cruz won't praise Gillespie after Va. entrance
Cruz won't promise to stay out of primaries
Cruz's demands ensnares GOP leaders on debt vote
Cruz, Cornyn Join Hobby Lobby in Obamacare Legal Fight
Cruz-Palin 2016: Seeking a Tea Party ticket (Article from 2013)
Cruz: "Every Human Life Is a Precious Gift from God"
Cruz: 'The Terrain Has Changed and I Believe We Will Repeal Obamacare'
Cruz: 'Thought police' silencing 'Duck' star
Cruz: 'We're Going to Repeal Every Single Word of Obamacare'
Cruz: All of America Needs to be a Real "Promise Zone"
Cruz: Embrace the American Energy Renaissance
Cruz: GOP Can Win by Fighting Crony Capitalists 'Suckling Off of Washington'
Cruz: GOP Should ‘Continue to Defend Life’ and ‘Defend Traditional Marriage’
Cruz: GOP senators think they have 'foolish, gullible constituents'
Cruz: GOP should seek spending reforms before raising debt ceiling
Cruz: Harry Reid thinks Koch brothers are the Grinch who stole Christmas
Cruz: Holder Should Be Impeached For ‘Defying Congress And The Rule Of Law’ In IRS Scandal
Cruz: House GOP Immigration Plan Amounts to 'Amnesty'
Cruz: Iran Might Nuke New York or Los Angeles
Cruz: Mandela Will Live In History for Defenders of Liberty
Cruz: Obama 'Lawlessness' Marks His Imperial Presidency
Cruz: Obama 'Most Hostile' US President to Israel
Cruz: Obama Hostile to Marriage
Cruz: Obama's Policies Worsen Income Inequality
Cruz: Obama, Reid ‘dancing’ over GOP’s immigration push
Cruz: Reid attacks Kochs as if they were the ‘Grinch’
Cruz: Reverse Obama’s disastrous missile defense policies to keep Putin in check
Cruz: The United States should stand with Ukraine
Cruz: They 'Should Go Ahead and Put a 'Harry Reid for Majority Leader' Bumper Sticker on Their Car'
Cruz: Today’s vote shows both parties aren’t listening to the American people
Cruz: Venezuela Can and Should be Prosperous
Cruz: Verdict On McConnell ‘Is Ultimately A Decision For The Voters In Kentucky’
Cruz: Washington elites won't be effective at picking GOP nominee
Cruz: We'll 'bring back morning in America' (10-point plan for fixing America)
Cruz: use ‘energy renaissance’ to pay down national debt
Cruz: ‘We Have Never Seen An Administration With Such Hostility Toward Religious Faith’
Cruz’s Call For Senate Vote on Debt Ceiling: Act of Integrity, Not Stunt
Cruz’s Energy Bill a Win for Economy, Taxpayers, and Free Markets
Cruz’s father backs Rep. Sessions’s tea party challenger
Cry Havoc (Racism) and Let Slip the Dogs of War
Cry for Help from Young Woman Conceived with IVF
Cry for Me, Argentina
Crying Racism: Is A Photo ID Required For An Abortion?
Crying baby a reason to get an abortion
CryoSat shows Arctic sea ice volume up 50% from last year
Cryptolocker ransomware has ´infected about 250,000 PCs´
Crystal Ball: 2014
Crystal is 'oldest scrap of Earth crust'
Cuba Onstage, Castro Off
Cuba hikes salaries for doctors ($67), nurses($25)
Cuba hikes salaries for doctors, nurses
Cuba to eliminate currency pegged to dollar
Cuba-North Korea Arms Smuggling
Cuba: The Holodomor Next Door. Their starvation policy is a crime against humanity.
Cuban Migrant Lost While Windsurfing Found Adrift Near Florida Keys
Cuban refugee windsurfs to Florida (one of three survives)
Cuban students open rare study program to Miami
Cuban-Americans: Castros Can't Survive Without Venezuelan Oil
Cuban: NFL issues go beyond TV
Cubans shocked at prices as foreign cars go on sale [Cuba legalizes sales of new cars]
Cube, Intuit, or PayPal Here credit card swipers for a small business?
Cuccinelli to be lead lawyer in suit against Obama administration
Cultural connections with Europe found in ancient Jordanian settlement
Culture Challenge of the Week: A House or a Home?
Culture Challenge of the Week: Explicit Content, Everywhere
Culture Challenge of the Week: Forgotten Holidays
Culture Challenge of the Week: No Time for God
Culture Challenge of the Week: Tax Tyranny
Culture Challenge of the Week: The Pot Escape
Culture of Corruption Postscript: The Hilda Solis Files
Culture of Corruption in Federal Bureaucracy
Culture of Corruption: The Dems' Dangerous DHS Pick
Culture wars moving ahead by looking to the past
Cummings Discusses Issa’s Rude Actions at Committee Hearing (BARF Alert)
Cummings says Issa killed chances for Lois Lerner contempt proceedings
Cuomo Backtracks: 'It Is Fine' to Be Anti-Gun Control, Anti-Choice
Cuomo Official Reportedly Used His Gun as a Laser Pointer
Cuomo Taken to Task in Sandy After Action Report
Cuomo aide (laser pointer guy) caught breaking gun law, quickly receives waiver
Cuomo asks state to fund college for prison inmates
Cuomo forces “conservative” Remington out of New York; Democrats force Occidental out of California
Cuomo shuts down de Blasio’s minimum wage plan (Socialist schooled on constitution)
Cuomo to Catholics: You’re Not Welcome in NY
Cuomo to Conservatives: Leave New York
Cuomo, DeBlasio, and Obama's Hypocrisy (vanity)
Cuomo, Schneiderman duke it out over $600 million fund (pol pork-fest)
Cuomo, Up for 2nd Term, Tries to Steer G.O.P. as It Picks His Rival
Cuomo: NY hospitals could close over fed funding delay
Cuomo: ‘Extreme conservatives… have no place in the state of New York’
Cuomo: ‘I was not saying anyone should leave the state’
Cupid's Erotic Meditation
Cure for love: Fall for a robot to fend off heartache
Curiosity Pulls into Kimberly and Spies Curvy Terrain For Drilling Action
Curiosity reaches next destination, spots unexplained Mars light
Curious Timing for GM Dividend Announcement
Curious cat peers over bed
Curly of the Three Stooges: The Funniest Guy in the World
Currency Massacre In Emerging Markets
Current 2016 Democrat Line-Up.Can We Say:"Send In The Clowns"?
Current Criticisms of Bitcoin Are at Least 10 Years Too Early
Current Data on Human Trafficking in Virginia
Current Drudge headline capitalization and spelling spells out HAKYEAZ
Current Movies Good For Dates?
Current drought reduces hydro generation forecast for California
Cursive writing returns to Toronto Catholic schools
Curt Clawson Backers Urge Sarah Palin to Reconsider Support for Lizbeth Benacquisto
Curt Schilling announces he has cancer
Custom Writing Service Says Students 'No Longer Have to Face the Burden of Academic Coursework'
Customary to campaign, Steve Stockman gimmicks poll and still comes up short (Stovall Press Release)
Customer Reviews: Samsung UN85S9 85-Inch 4K Ultra HD 120Hz 3D Smart LED TV [Funny!]
Customer Service Failure
Customer kills gun-wielding suspect in Dallas Co. Dollar General
Customers tell horror stories of solar company that gets $422M in tax dollars (FreePSA)
Cut in military pensions reconsidered
Cut out junk food ads in schools, government says
Cuteness Overload (You'll squeal with delight)
Cutler on 7-year deal: 'We're here to win'
Cuts for military retirees costing GOP support for budget deal
Cutting benefits is a moral mission like ending slavery
Cuttlefish Remember What, Where and When They Ate
Cyber Marriage Coming to Tennessee?
Cyber experts uncover 2 million stolen passwords to Web accounts
Cyber terrorism is 'biggest threat to aircraft'
Cybersecurity Expert: Amazon Would Be a 10 on Security, Healthcare.gov Would Be a 1 or 2
Cyberwar hits Ukraine
Cyberwar: What People Keep Missing About The Threat
Cyclist: Driver didn't see me stuck in windshield
Cyndi Lauper proves herself time after time in Tel Aviv
Cynical Schultz: Budget Deal's Dodging of Shutdown 'Bad News' For Dems
Cynic’s Progress - The brave life and mysterious death of Ambrose Bierce
Cynthia Lynn, Hogan's Heroes Actress, Dies
Czar-Commissar Putin's Creeping War Of Aggression
Czech Foreign Minister condemns arms at Palestinian embassy
Czech Officials Want PA Embassy Moved Following Blast
Czech Who Helped Children Post-WWII Home Dies at 100
Czech premier not happy to attend Mandela funeral
Czechs Honor Army Dog for Afghanistan Service
D&c 325 Test #2 [Merry 'SMITHMAS!' BYU class says Joseph Smith is both 'Rod' and 'Root' of Jesse]
D'Souza vs. Ayers at Dartmouth (7:30 PM, Thu 1/30, tonight!)
D-Day veteran, Medal of Honor recipient, Walter Ehlers dies at age 92
D. Trenton: Guardians of the Altar
D.C. Chapter Alert: Code Pink to Protest Medea Benjamin Deportation at Egypt Embassy Noon 3/6/14
D.C. Council votes to eliminate jail time for marijuana possession
D.C. May Soon Tell You What to Eat to Reduce Your Carbon Footprint
D.C. Mayor Outraged Over Secret Service’s ‘Disrespect’ for City [Obama closes busy street]
D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray Proposes More Speed Cameras to Balance Budget [Commuter Tax Hike]
D.C. Murder Rate Rises for First Time in Five Years
D.C. Wants to Let Non-U.S. Citizens Vote in Elections
D.C. man on trial for one shotgun shell
D.C. panel suggests income tax changes, new per-worker fee for businesses
D.C. woman charged with giving month-old son fatal dose of prescription drug
D.C.-Area Bishop: No Gov’t Has Authority to Alter Design of Marriage
D.C.’s online health exchange has “hundreds” of problem applications
DA Dismisses Case vs. Cross-Dressing Sex Offender on Campus
DA charges ex-Middle Smithfield golf director Pugh with voter fraud
DAILY PERSPECTIVE
DASHCAM VIDEO: York Co. deputy shoots man reaching for cane
DAVID BROOKS FORESEES RISE OF JERRY BROWN IN 2016 DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATION RACE
DAVID JOLLY BEATS ALEX SINK IN FLA 13 RACE
DAY 3: THREE more abortion centers — CLOSED!
DAYBREAK DAILY: Virginia gun sales soar on Black Friday
DA’s office: Woman accused of selling heroin out of McDonald’s Happy Meals
DC Abortion Fund Defends Controversial Coat Hanger Pendants [POLL]
DC Chapter's Year 2013 In Review (Picture Heavy)
DC Court Holds BATFE may not be "Arbitrary and Capricious" about Gun Mufflers
DC Health Link Glitch Causes Headaches at House Health Fair - line snaked around room - cluster...
DC Mayor Compares Lack of Autonomy to Struggles of Nelson Mandela
DC News Ignores March for Life
DC Police, Secret Service investigating drive-by shooting just steps from White House
DC Staff Irked As NBC News Eyes Cuts
DC businessman Thompson charged with conspiracy
DC health plans accused of illegally funding abortion
DC region cleans up after winter snow storm [Hillary victim found?]
DC staff irked as NBC News eyes cuts
DCF deems alleged assault of boy, 11, ‘consensual’ sex
DEA Agent Goes to Pot, Leaves Fed Agency to Join Marijuana Industry (Washington State)
DEA administrator claims that marijuana legalization imperils dogs
DEA officer stops at a ranch in Texas
DEA operations chief decries legalization of marijuana at state level
DEA, U.S ATTORNEYS SECRETLY MET WITH DRUG CARTELS IN MEXICO TO OBTAIN INFO ON RIVALS
DEC. 22 - Battle of the Bulge-the largest, bloodiest WWII battle on Europe's western front
DECLARE your Blessings !
DECODING OBAMACARE: AFFORDABLE CARE ACT=HEALTHCARE INDUSTRY BAILOUT ACT
DEMOCRATS RECEIVE A ROBOCALL FROM NANCY PELOSI
DEMS PANICKED ABOUT 2014
DENNIS RODMAN SINGS HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO NORTH KOREAN LEADER
DEP Estimates 7,500 Gallons of Chemical Leaked, Water Ban Still in Place (WV Chemical Spill)
DERRICK GORDON OPENLY SMILING (First Gay NCAA D-1 B'Baller)
DETROIT JURY AWARDS MUSLIM MAN $1.1 MILLION FOR "BEARD DISCRIMINATION"
DETROIT POLICE STAND WITH CITIZENS WHO ARE USING GUNS FOR SELF-DEFENSE
DEVELOPING: Possible Chemical Weapons Attack in Syria
DFU YOU TUBE SING-ALONG: We Didn't Start the Fire (Clinton history on this Impeachment Day)
DFU YOUTUBE SING-ALONG: Muslim Brotherhood Picnic
DHEC: Puppy exposes 10 SC residents to rabies (SC)
DHS Complicit In Drug Cartel Human Trafficking
DHS Complicit in Cartel Human Trafficking of Minors to Illegals Living in the United States
DHS Contracted to Purchase 704 Million Rounds of Ammo Over Next 4 Years: 2,500 Rounds Per Officer
DHS Facilitating Illegal Immigration
DHS Obeys ACLU’s Order to Stop Arresting Illegal Aliens
DHS Secretary on Illegal Aliens: ‘They’re Here, and They’re Not Going Away’
DHS Secretary on Illegal Aliens: ‘They’re Here, and They’re Not Going Away’ (Video)
DHS allows German home- schooling family to stay in US
DHS document: 68,000 illegal immigrants with criminal convictions released in 2013
DHS seizes counterfeit Jerseys! (Y'all feel safe now??}
DHS study: North Korea capable of EMP attack on U.S.
DHS tells American border guards to run away from illegal immigrants hurling rocks at them
DHS tried to help Obama campaign officials land jobs, probe finds
DINESH D'SOUZA: WAIT UNTIL PRESIDENT OBAMA SEES MY NEW FILM
DISASTER. Almost Twice As Many Sign Up for Taxpayer-Funded Medicaid As Sign Up for Obamacare
DId JP Morgan really take a $10 Billion financial hit for Uncle Sam?
DN Editorial: Dope or dopes?
DNA Links Executed Convict to 1984 Triple Murder
DNA and The Book of Mormon Explained full-length video
DNA shows Irish people have more complex origins than previously thought
DNA test reveals felon is true father of Utah woman after secret insemination sperm swap
DNC Chair (Wasserman Schultz, RAT-Fla) Refuses to Answer for Her Position on Iran
DNC Chair: Florida Defeat Wasn’t About ObamaCare, The Loss Supported Our Party's Platform
DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz at LGBT gathering: 'We’re very focused on Michigan'
DNC Members Can't Name Even One Hillary Clinton Achievement
DNC Vows to Increase Voter Rolls, Fight Voter ID in Run-Up to Midterms
DNC again defends Obama from ‘impeachment’ possibility
DNC chief to tail Chris Christie in Florida
DNC sends email defending Obama from impeachment possibility
DNC worried about midterm turnout because 'lower turnout means that we'll lose'
DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS Student Manual: Religion 324 and 325 [Coming Latter-day 'great deliverer']
DOCUMENT: Criminal Complaint, State Sen. Leland Yee Indicted on Public Corruption Charges
DOCUMENT: Union letter to House Dem districts (Keystone)
DOD Identifies Army Casualties (2 Soldiers)
DOD Identifies Marine Casualty
DOD Is Stuck with a Flawed $1.5 Trillion Fighter Jet
DOD Reviewing Its ‘Equal Opportunity’ Training—After Anti-Christian Materials Exposed
DOD Will Review Training Materials That List Evangelical Christianity and Catholicism as...
DOD announces changes to imminent danger pay
DOD staff on military flight delayed for hours by US Customs
DOE Plugs Energy Rating for Homes, Similar to MPG Rating for Cars
DOJ Aruges to Court Against Rules to Prevent Foreigners From Voting
DOJ Declares “Knock-Out Game” Attack a “Hate Crime”
DOJ Demanding Ability to Veto Parents’ Choice of School
DOJ Refuses to Press Charges for IRS Abuses [Satire]
DOJ Rejects Independent Prosecutor Request
DOJ Report: Firearm-Related Murders Down 39% Since 1993
DOJ Requests $2 Million for Safe Gun Technology Development
DOJ Retaliates Against Priest for Suing over Govt Shutdown of Mass
DOJ Rolls Out Transgender Sensitivity Training for Police
DOJ Says Schools Unfairly Punish Minorities
DOJ Wants to Know 'Race, Sex, Disability, Age and English-Learner Status' of Misbehaving Students
DOJ Warns Anti-Muslim Comments on Social Media Can Be Considered Felony
DOJ announces $1.5M for Sandy Hook relief
DOJ reaches largest-ever federal government settlement over auto loan discrimination
DOJ says cross on California war memorial should stay
DOJ tells schools to ease up on discipline, especially for black students
DOJ to Supreme Court: Killing Human Embryo in Womb is Not Abortion
DOJ: APD violating citizens’ rights with excessive force (ABQ NM)
DOJ: Free Exercise Clause Does Not Protect Kosher Meat Companies
DOJ: We Have No ‘Conflict of Interest’ in Investigating IRS Targeting of Tea Party
DOMA Discussion - Resurrection of CA Prop 8? [Vanity]
DON'T LET DICTATORS CONTROL THE INTERNET: KEEP THE WEB FREE
DON'T MENTION JESUS: BBC BANS 'INNOCENT LYRIC' ON RADIO 2
DON'T TASE ME CBP
DOT plans to mandate ‘talking’ cars
DPS officer resigns after found to be illegal immigrant
DR. WILSON SAYS HE IS OWNED BY NO ONE
DUCK DYNASTY & a&e WAR NOT OVER
DUCK HUNT: THE PHIL ROBERTSON 'GQ' QUOTE THE MEDIA REFUSE TO REPORT
DUI Checkpoint -- Oath Violators
DUMP FIREFOX... or at Least Hit 'em Where it Hurts!
DUmmie FUnnies 01-01-14 (Pie-eyed Poster Pitt raises many glasses)
DUmmie FUnnies 01-06-14 (Claimant Change: "DUmmie, It's Cold Outside")
DUmmie FUnnies 03-19-14 (Freudenschade! Will Pitt Angrily Turns Against ObamaCare)
DUmmie FUnnies 03-20-14 (William Rivers Pitt Saved by Big Pharma)
DUmmie FUnnies 03-22-14 (DUmmies Call Drudge LIAR On ObamaCare Tax Claim)
DUmmie FUnnies 03-26-14 ("What Is Posted on DU Doesn't Stay on DU")
DUmmie FUnnies 03-28-14 (ObamaCare Alert!!! Pitt's Bank Account Compromised)
DUmmie FUnnies 03-28-14 (Pitt: "The used car salesman strikes again")
DUmmie FUnnies 04-02-14 (Pitt Delivers April Fools Day Apology)
DUmmie FUnnies 04-10-14 (KOmmies Show Their Love For FBI Snitch Al Sharpton)
DUmmie FUnnies 12-15-13 (Pitt Delivers Personal Information to Russian Mafia Via ObamaCare)
DUmmie FUnnies 12-17-13 (Tales from the Whipped: ObamaCare Sign-up Nightmares)
DUmmie FUnnies 12-19-13 (DUmmies #GetTalkingAboutPajamaBoy)
DUmmie FUnnies 12-27-13 (DUmmies whine about their Christmas presents)
DUmmie FUnnies 12-30-13 ("The Decrying Game": Remember, remember, to date a transgender)
DWI suspect charged in 2nd fatality (NM-Kills brother of judge who sentenced him for 1st)
DWP union chief refuses to turn over financial records to auditor
Da Brat Says She Can’t Afford to Pay $6.4 Million (€4.6 Million) to Bottle Attack Victim – Video
Dachshund Adopts Paralyzed Cat
Dachshund Left at Shelter with Heartbreaking Note Will Reunite with Owners
Dad Breaks Gag Order To Speak Out About Why a Hospital is Holding His Daughter Against His Will
Dad Cheats Daughter With 'Young Handsome' Groom
Dad Finds, and Reads, Dead Daughter's Letter to Her Future Self
Dad Loses 40 Pounds To Become Daughter’s Liver Donor
Dad Picks Up Daughter from Movies. Their Car Gets Rear-Ended. Then Their Evening of Terror Begins.
Dad Sees Wife, 4 Kids Die In Fiery Fresno Area Crash [Juana Martinez Bejarano ignored stop sign]
Dad can't serve detention for tardy kid, but is welcome to join her
Dad guilty of tossing toddler into stream, killing her
Dad killed kids after slaying wife because ‘he didn’t have car seats' (illegal savagery)
Dad of Boston bomb suspect’s friend writes Obama
Dad returns from Afghanistan to learn his kid is Duke porn star
Dad's Army creator JIMMY PERRY on the BBC's refusal to show repeats of his other greatest hit
Dad's viral videos totally nail Saturday mornings for parents
Daddy, That's Not Santa!
Dagestan Leader Says Parents of Extremists Must Be Punished
Daily Beast Laments Pope Francis's 'Woman Problem'
Daily Beast dreams of abortion clinics in malls, high schools
Daily Beast: "Fred Phelps May Be Dead, but His Fundamentalist God Lives"
Daily Beast: 'Thousands May Die' due to Republican 'Spite' of Obama
Daily Kos Publishes Worst Comic Ever: The One Rich Guy
Daily Mail lifts veil of secrecy judge threw over trial of two Muslim lawyers[truncated]
Daily Mail: Mandela Memorial 'a Disgrace,' Turnout 'Embarrassingly Poor'
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [April 10, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [April 11, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [April 7, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [April 8, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [April 9, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 10, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 11, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 12, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 13, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 14, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 15, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 16, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 17, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 18, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 19, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 20, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 22, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 29, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 3, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 30, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 31, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 4, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 5, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 6, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 7, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 8, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [December 9, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 1, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 11, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 12, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 13, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 14, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 15, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 16, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 17, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 18, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 19, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 2, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 20, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 21, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 22, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 23, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 24, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 25, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 26, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 27, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 28, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 3, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 4, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 5, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 6, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 7, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 8, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [February 9, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 1, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 10, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 11, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 12, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 13, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 14, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 15, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 16, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 17, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 18, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 19, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 20, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 21, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 22, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 23, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 24, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 25, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 27, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 28, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 29, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 3, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 30, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 31, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 4, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 5, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 6, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 7, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 8, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [January 9, 2013]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 1, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 10, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 11, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 12, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 13, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 14, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 15, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 16, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 17, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 18, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 19, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 2, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 20, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 21, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 22, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 23, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 24, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 25, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 26, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 27, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 28, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 29, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 3, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 4, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 5, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 6, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 7, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 8, 2014]
Daily Reflections with Oswald Chambers [March 9, 2014]
Daily pot tied to age of first psychotic episode
Daisy-the Little Pup Who Believed
Dalai Lama Headed to Berkeley, Santa Clara
Dalai Lama gets ice from Obama, warmth from conservatives [O opposes independence from China]
Dalai Lama says ‘okay’ to gay marriage
Dalai Lama to lead US Senate prayers
Dale Earnhardt Jr. Drives the Last Car Driven by Elvis
Daley quickly knew of nephew’s involvement
Dallas Cowboys Stadium Seating and Atmospheric CO2
Dallas Store Manager Shoots at 5 Armed Robbers Police Arrive 74 Minutes Later
Dallas billionaire Harold Simmons died Saturday night at 82 (Another Karl Rove donor passes...)
Dallas' Food Trucks Are Banding Together to Take on the City's Overregulation
Dallas' Pizza Patron Uses Mexican Slang Deemed Offensive or Funny, Depending on Whom You Ask
Daly City Dentist Accused Of Arms Trafficking In Scandal Involving (RAT) Leland Yee
Dame Vera Lynn, 97, to release new album
Dan Aykroyd sworn in as Hinds County (MS) deputy
Dan Bongino - An open letter to the establishment GOP
Dan Cathy Takes the Mark of the Beast
Dan Haar: Untold Thousands Flout Gun Registration Law
Dan Hill Memoir Published - ''A LIFE OF BLOOD AND DANGER''
Dan Quayle moment? Obama flubs spelling of 'respect'
Dan Rather Defends Fox News Against Charge It's a GOP ‘Propaganda Machine’
Dan Rather on Memogate: ‘No Question The Story Was True’
Dan Rather’s Obsession
Dana Loesch On Mandatory Mental Exams For NY Public School Students
Dana Loesch's new Blaze TV show debuts; features mock dramatic reading of hate mail
Dana Milbank's Hack Journalism
Dance Monkeys! Senate Democrats and Campaign “Green”
Dance marathon for Four Diamonds Fund at Penn State Hershey Children's Hospital [PSU Dance Marathon]
Dane County Voters to Decide on Marijuana in April
Dane, Uzbek among 30 suicide bombers eulogized by ISIS
Dang Near Déjà Vu: Putin Played Obama Like a Video Game
Danger Lurking in Duck Dynasty Debacle
Danger, Danger Phil Robertson! Do Not Kiss Jackson's Ring
Dangerous Dilution of Church Teachings: Making the Exception the Rule
Dangerous Erosion of Freedom as Obama Cedes Control of the Internet
Dangerous Malfunction from Water Damaged Remington 700
Dangerous Old Men
Dangerous Times: Inspector Clouseau Brings Peace
Daniel Bahr, German former health minister, becomes 'Obamacare' advisor
Daniel Borenstein: BART contract fiasco far more than a clerical error.
Daniel Defense: 2013 Manufacturer of the year
Daniel Murphy Takes Criticism Over Paternity Leave In Stride
Daniel Pearl Murder Convict Attempts Suicide in Pakistan
Danielle Steel’s Amazing Ex-Husband
Danish Muslim Apostate Faces Hate Speech Charges (something's rotten in Denmark!)
Danish Zoo, Reviled in the Death of a Giraffe, Kills 4 Lions
Danish zoo kills healthy giraffe, feeds body to lions
Danville Teacher Asks Will Ferrell to Prom
Dare to be an optimist!
Daredevils Scale World's Second Tallest Building in China
Daredevil’s climb to top of WTC reveals no working cameras in tower
Daring Mars Fly-By in Limbo After US Congress Hearing (A Crewed Fly-By)
Daring to Love Your Dream
Darkest Spots on Earth
Darrell Issa Demands Answers from Eric Holder on 'Operation Choke Point' Bank Shakedown
Darrell Issa angrily adjourns Oversight hearing after Lois Lerner pleads the Fifth
Darrell Issa demands documents on White House political office
Darrell Issa says emails suggest Elijah Cummings prompted IRS targeting of True the Vote
Darrell Issa seen plowing ahead with IRS probe amid new evidence (Elijah Cummings deeply saddened)
Darrell Issa to recall Lois Lerner: Will the code of Omerta hold?
Darrell Issa wants Elijah Cummings to disclose talks with Lois Lerner's attorney
Darren Aronofsky’s Noah (Spoilers for you to decide whether or not the movie's worth watching)
Darren Sharper connected to total of seven rapes in four states
Darryl Howard and the rampaging prosecutor: Durham learns little from Duke lacrosse debacle
Dart Silences Media
Dartmoor tomb treasure hoard uncovered by archaeologists
Dartmouth College’s radical students threaten “physical action” to get their way
Dartmouth Students Claim Racial Oppression, Threaten ‘Physical Action’
Dartmouth surrenders to threat of 'physical action' and offers $31 million
Darwin Day
Darwin Day, Abraham Lincoln, and Intelligent Design
Dashcam Video Shows Uniformed Officer Standing by...
Dastardly and Muttley in Their Flying Machines (aka Stop That Pigeon) [one complete episode]
Data Deleted From Missing Pilot's Flight Simulator: Official
Data Goldmine: Walgreens, WalMart Offer Free Prescriptions to ObamaCare Customers
Data belies Dan Patrick’s ‘illegal invasion’ claim (Chron Hit Piece Barfer)
Data security earns BlackBerry a boost from the Pentagon
Data suggest many teens who aren't working chose not to look
Data trove shows U.S. doctors reap millions from Medicare
Data: Texas Had Most Border Patrol Arrests in 2013
Date Night: Chris Matthews Tosses Softballs to Obama
Dating the Uluzzian
Daughter Interested in Joining the Military
Daughter of Anne Frank's classmate finally gets her chance to thank British officer...
Daughter of Jeremiah Wright Convicted in Fraud Scheme
Daughter's Facebook Brag Costs Her Family $80,000
Daughters and Sex
Daughters of Charity Health System Seeks Buyer
Daunting Mathematical Puzzle Solved, Enables Unlimited Analysis of Encrypted Data
Dave Agema, citing 'liberal critics within the Republican Party,' skips RNC meeting
Dave Barry Learns Everything You Need to Know About Being a Husband From Reading 50 Shades of Grey
Dave Barry’s Review of 2013, the Year of the Zombies
Dave Camp to retire after his current term
Dave Madden - Reuben Kincaid on Partridge Family dead at 82
Dave Madden, Reuben Kincaid In 'Partridge Family', Dead At 82
Dave Says Just Because You Get an Offer Doesn’t Mean You Have to Say “Yes”
Dave Says: Casinos Don't Make Millions by Letting People Win
Dave Says: Kids Can’t Be Protected From Everything
Dave Says: Some Times You Can't Save
Dave Says: The IRS is a Monster; Pay Them First
David A. Trampier, Iconic Artist of Early D&D, Passed Away This Week
David Axelrod wants Democratic donors to stop donating to Hillary Clinton's team
David Beckham's Goldenballs could have been fish food
David Brooks'Paean to Presidential Power Is Year's Worst Op-Ed(Most Times' Editorials Are The Worst)
David Brooks: What America needs now is a stronger presidency with “unified authority”
David Cameron orders inquiry into Muslim Brotherhood activities (Britain considers banishment)
David Cameron plans major London welcome for Angela Merkel - in contrast to Francois Hollande
David Cameron poses with Bill Clinton after ridiculed 'serious selfie' of Obama call
David Cameron to plead with Scotland's voters to say no to independence
David Cameron's religious adviser is descended from founders of the 'terrorist' Muslim Brotherhood
David Cameron: ‘Jesus created Tory policy of Big Society—I’m just continuing God's work’
David Cassidy arrested for DUI for third time since 2010
David Dewhurst’s 2012 campaign still owes vendors more than $1 million (Rove RINO alert)
David Gregory turns on Obama: ‘He doesn’t have that toughness about him’
David Gregory: "Do You Ever Wonder Why The President Doesn't Get Credit (shortened)
David Jolly Wins GOP Special-Election Primary
David Jolly defeats Alex Sink in Florida 13th (Early test case of Obamacare)
David Jolly wins race for U.S. House District 13 seat
David Jolly's victory spells trouble for Democrats nationwide
David Kwiatkowski gets 39 years for infecting patients with Hepatitis C
David Letterman to retire in 2015
David Limbaugh: Americans, Where Have You Gone?
David Perdue calls Karen Handel to apologize
David Shaw knows the other side of Richard Sherman
David Stather, Canadian Doctor, Dies In Base Jump Off Cliff Near Grand Canyon
David Stern says Dennis Rodman was blinded by North Korean money after CNN tirade
David Thibault - Elvis - Blue Christmas
Davie Man Shoots Armed Intruders With AK-47
Davis Email: 'What Rove Said About Wendy,' Doesn't State . . . What Rove Said About Wendy
Davis, Democrats Sneak Past Inconvenient Realities of Abortion
Davos Forum Warns Over Global Income Inequality [These People are worth MILLION$]
Davy Jones’ Ringtones, Jihad, and the Mystery of Flight MH370
Dawdling Service (Classic scene from Lonesome Dove)
Day 1 of Ohio Medicaid Sign-Ups Tops Month 1 on Obamacare Exchange
Day 2: Conservative Political Action Conference in Maryland [Live Thread]
Day With Cats in 4 Minutes (cuteness overload)
Day of justice for Lebanon
Daylight Saving Time Mistake May Have Caused Dublin Car Bomber to Blow Himself Up
Daylight Saving Time does not save energy
Daylight Saving Time: A Spring Forward or a Step Back?
Daylight saving time linked to heart attacks: study
Days After Taylor Swift Grants Wish, Young Fan Dies of Leukemia
Days after "Klan" Controversy, Gabriel Gomez snubs Baker and Donates to Independent "McKormick"
Daystar Offers a New Home to Duck Dynasty Family
Dayton police show RTA driver's bullet-riddled Bible
De Blasio Backs Cuomo: Wants Conservatives to Get Out
De Blasio Called Police Over Pastor's Arrest
De Blasio Denies Punishing Rich People for Sport
De Blasio Inauguration Starts With ‘Plantation’ Rhetoric
De Blasio Is Full Of Blarney
De Blasio Refuses to Plow Streets of Wealthy New York Neighborhoods
De Blasio Retreats From the Press Amid a Storm of Negative Headlines
De Blasio SUV broke traffic laws after safety push
De Blasio Time: NYC School Cancels Gifted Classes Over Lack of Diversity
De Blasio To Cuomo, Legislature: It’s My Way Or Highway On Universal Pre-K
De Blasio agrees to $98M FDNY discrimination suit settlement (entrance exams)
De Blasio booed by Mets fans during 1st pitch
De Blasio brushes off state pre-K, will raise taxes anyway
De Blasio called cops to spare pal from jail (busted friend had outstanding warrants)
De Blasio defends Cuomo’s verbal slap at ‘extreme’ conservatives (surprise)
De Blasio defends keeping schools open after storm, but even pals disagree
De Blasio drops NYC’s ‘Punxsutawney Phil’
De Blasio has refi ties to Dem boss key to Viverito bid
De Blasio jaywalks as he preaches road safety [also exceeded speed limit, ignored stop signs]
De Blasio planned ‘snow shoveling’ shows at home
De Blasio praises aide caught shacking up with Eliot Spitzer
De Blasio pre-K tax called ‘charade’ for unions (by Gov. Cuomo)
De Blasio says he’ll tax rich even if NY state pays for pre-K
De Blasio sees “progressive movement” sweeping the nation. Per the Communist Manifesto,
De Blasio to expand paid sick days law in NYC
De Blasio won’t be in NYC St. Patrick’s Day Parade
De Blasio ‘getting back at us’ by not plowing: UES residents
De Blasio, Bratton and Sharpton look to Nelson Mandela for guidance on running NYC
De Blasio’s Caravan Caught Speeding, Violating Traffic Laws [after he gave speech against speeding]
De Blasio’s Daughter Admits to Substance Abuse
De Blasio’s Horse-Drawn Carriage Ban: Is It Really About Campaign Cash?
De Blasio’s Vow to End Traffic Deaths Meets Reality of New York Streets
De Blasio’s anti-rich policies are driving wealthy people out of NYC
De Blasio’s charter war hurting the kids he claims to help
De Blasio’s child-welfare pick was criticized for inmate ‘sex bash’
De Blasio’s wife wants office, role at City Hall
De Pasquale’s Dozen with Author and EU Politician Daniel Hannan
De-Imagining America
DeBary man battles HOA over Lady Liberty statue
DeFazio: U.S. Must Regulate Carbon Emissions and ‘Force’ Regulation on Other Countries
DeMint: With Filibuster, Cruz Was Just Going for Normal Order
DeMint: ‘Big Business Is No Friend of Conservatism’
DeSean Jackson signing risky at best
Deacon Nick Donnelly's charity is perfect while his superiors is not
Dead Frog Found in Salad From Chain Sandwich Shop
Dead Poets Society Is a Terrible Defense of the Humanities
Dead Sperm Whale Towed Away From Florida Keys
Dead man buried in transparent coffin while sitting on his Harley-Davidson
Dead or alive? Social Security can’t always say (spotty data on recipients)
Deadbeat Dad Jesse Jackson tries to shakedown A&E
Deadly 'Health' Initiatives in Africa
Deadly Attack at Kabul Restaurant Hints at Changing Climate for Foreigners
Deadly Short Hills mall carjacking fuels bail reform debate
Deadly Taliban raid targets Kabul restaurant
Deadly clashes erupt between police, Morsi supporters as Egypt votes on constitution
Deadly gun and bomb attack targets court in Pakistani capital
Deaf Seattle Seahawks Player Gives Super Bowl Tickets to Deaf Twins
Deal Reached To Ban Plastic Grocery Bags In Calif.
Deal Will Keep Ohio Tank Plant Running
Deal Worked Out To Solve Pot Shortage In Colorado
Deal reached to allow Khalid Shaikh Mohammed to testify
Deal reached; BLM will release confiscated cattle to rancher
Dealing with Reduced Work Hours
Dean Heller turns GOP ‘pit bull’ over jobs (helps the democrats, gets a Politico puff piece)
Dean: Administration won't be blamed if people can't see their doctor
Dear A&E, congratulations, you just committed suicide
Dear Abby
Dear America, I Saw You Naked. And yes, we were laughing. Confessions of an ex-TSA agent.
Dear America, here's your neutered Republican Party leadership (marbles in his mouth McConnell)
Dear Barack
Dear Christians, We Hate You. Sincerely, Atheists
Dear Diary (Michigan)
Dear FReepers, We need your help to keep the lights on. [FReepathon Thread XXII]
Dear Harvard: You Win
Dear Health Insurance Companies........
Dear International News Agencies Imbeciles (Egyptian Voting Videos at Link)
Dear John: An open letter to John Cornyn
Dear Kremlin: Careful with Crimea
Dear Mister Boehner when you grant amnesty on Obama’s promise to close our borders he’ll be lying
Dear Mommy, I'm Sorry
Dear Mr. Colbert: Me so stupid. You so funny!
Dear Mr. Obama:
Dear New York Times, Self-Defense Is Not Vigilantism
Dear White People' opens dialogue through humor
Dear ‘Duck Dynasty’ Fans: You Do Know It’s All Fake, Right?
Dear ‘Duck Dynasty’ Fans: You Do Know It’s All Fake, Right? (barf alert)
Dearest Awesome FReepers, We really need your help to keep the lights on. [FReepathon Thread XXIV]
Dearest FReepers, We Really Need Your Help - No It's Not Time to Panic! (FReepathon Thread XXVI)
Dearest FReepers, We really need your help to keep the lights on. [FReepathon Thread XXIII]
Dearest FReepers, You ROCK! You're really helping FR to keep the lights on.(Freepathon Thread XXV)
Death By China 2012 Documentary
Death Café aims to ease concerns about death (Oregon)
Death Certificate Used to Steal Woman's Identity
Death Comes to the Bishop
Death To Healthy, Wealthy And Happy
Death by Renewables
Death by solar farms: 71 species of birds killed, ‘entire food chains’ disrupted
Death of 4-month-old remains mystery after parents released from questioning
Death of American Title Co. chief, under investigation, a suicide (Richard Talley)
Death penalty sought for accused Boston Marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev
Death toll rising with at least 35 people killed, most by gunshots (Ukraine, live Feb. 20 updates)
Death, Taxes, and Obamacare
Deaths Will Outnumber Births in Spain by 2017, Experts Say
Debate Du Jour: Minimum Wage Takes Center Stage
Debate On Defense Has To Begin Now: Adding Dollars To Defense In 2015
Debate Over Who, in U.S., Is to Blame for Ukraine
Debate in Congress next phase of Asian carp battle
Debbie Wasserman Schultz Blocking Bipartisan Iran Sanctions Breaks with Pro-Israel Democrats
Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Palm Beach Post Have a Twitter Kerfuffle Regarding Her Outfit
Debbie Wasserman Schultz to Michelle Malkin: You’re going to eat your words about Obamacare; Updated
Debbie does double-talk: Wasserman Schultz says one thing in DC and exactly the opposite at home
Debbie’s Double-Talk
Debt Ceiling
Debt Man (This video from the Madison Project speaks for itself.)
Debt Up $3T In Less Than 3 Yrs Under Boehner's Deals; More Than Under All Presidents from Washing
Debt Up $6.666.... Trillion Under Obama
Debt ceiling 101: eight questions about the latest round
Debt-Ceiling Surrender: Republicans use Senate rules to play a con game on the folks back home.
Debunking The 'Texas Miracle' Debunkers
Debunking the 97% 'consensus' on global warming
Debunking the anti-Obamacare camp's attack on Medicaid
Debunking the myth of Kitty Genovese
Debunking the top three myths about income inequality
Decadence: Seahawks Fans Run Riot After Super Bowl Victory
December 16th, 1944: The Bulge
December 2013 Plug-In Electric Vehicle Sales Report Card
December 25 - Christmas Day
December 7: Then And Now – Rearmament Versus Moral Disarmament
December House Overview: GOP Back on Track to Gain Seats
December ends with 40 homicides (Chicago)
December turning into a violent month (Indy)
Decision time for Md.'s health exchange(too few signing up for O'Malley-care)
Declaring an Emergency, Idaho Governor Signs Gun Grab Nullification
Declassified Transcripts of Benghazi Briefings Released
Deconstructing Obama’s Dismal Record on Jobs
Deedy Slaughter lawsuit: black voters in Port Allen are being intimidated
Deep Green Resistance - Study this proto terrorist website
Deep freeze may have cost US economy about $5 billion
Deep freeze puts $5 billion chill on economy
Deep thoughts from Joe Biden's dog...
Deep-sea study reveals cause of 2011 tsunami
Deep-water giant begins production in Gulf of Mexico field (photos at link)
Deepest Mandelbrot Set Zoom Animation ever - a New Record! [video]
Deer runs afoul of cheetahs at National Zoo
Deer walks into Pa. sporting goods store through front door, gets tackled by customer
Deerfield-based Beam sold for $16 billion [Jim Beam, Maker's Mark]
Defaced first edition of ‘Ulysses’ valued at €13,500
Defamation and Blogging - The 9th Circuit Has Spoken(Long)
Defeat Franken: One Less Obama Henchman
Defeating Darwin in Four Easy Steps
Defence system could earn billions (Australian radar)
Defend Michael ( Behenna ) Army Ranger - Donate please ( vanity )
Defender of Israel Responds to Racist Attack
Defending The First Amendment
Defending the Indefensible
Defending the Indefensible, Academically
Defending the Military Pension Cut (Barf Alert)
Defense Dept. Fights the Enemy: Tobacco, Cigarettes
Defense Official Denies SEAL Team Six Operation Was Compromised Families left without answers
Defense Sec Proposed Cutting Army
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel to Recommend Deep Budget Cuts Targeting Pay, Benefits
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel: Every country thinks it has the best military
Defense Secretary Hagel Asked to Review Military’s Connections to the Southern Poverty Law Center
Defense attorney: Pastor will plead guilty to sex abuse charge, church will close
Defense budget said to shrink Army to pre-World War II low
Defense of Life Remains the Church’s Largest 2013 Victory
Defense secretary recommends elimination of A-10 fleet
Defense to Receive Video of Fla. Theater Shooting
Defense: Marathon suspect's remark humorous
Defiance against the EU reaches record levels in France: Poll
Defiant Ukrainian soldiers sing national anthem as Russian troops storm their base in Crimea
Define Income Inequality
Define Socialism
Defining Marriage [Christians must stand with God, not Idolatrous Man]
Deflating Russia Can Be Done
Deflating the Deflation Myth
Deflation Theory Reality Check and the "Feel Good Effect"
Defying Accord with Israel, PLO Decides to Make UN Move
Degrees of Value: Making College Pay Off
Degrees of separation ... Mark Steyn
Del. Creating Hoarding Task Force
Delaware Grandpa Wrote His Own Obituary And It’s Hilarious
Delaware woman allegedly laced husband's steroids with antifreeze
Delay ObamaCare Till the 3016 Election
Delaying Obamacare to Death:
Delaying Obamacare's Individual Mandate Due to 'Hardship' -- Caused by Obamacare
Delaying vote on immigration is immoral
Delegitimize, Don’t Debate, ctd.
Delivery mishap lands Obama daughters' photo book at Wadsworth home
Dell Inspiron 11.6 vs Lenovo IdeaPad W210 (Windows 8)
Dell layoffs this week: 15,000 to be hit: report
Deloitte Study Shows That Money, Not Ideology Is The Biggest Obstacle To Car Ownership
Delta Air Lines Makes Statement Defending the LGBT Community
Delta Airline Honor Guard
Delta Force Snatching Al-Qaeda Suspect In Libya
Delta Glitch Causes Ultra-Low Fares
Delta airlines celebrates the marriage of Jack and John today.
Delta flight evacuates at Oakland Airport due to smoke
Delta to retire last commercial service Douglas DC-9 aircraft
Delusions of Grandeur 101
Dem Casualty List Grows
Dem Congressman Calls Cancer Survivor Whose Insurance was Killed by ObamaCare a Liar
Dem Congressman Gets Creepy, Sings to Himself to Avoid Obamacare Questions
Dem Congressman: I’d Rather Sell My Soul to Pelosi than the Kochs
Dem Congressman: Republicans Favor Cutting Food Stamps Because They “Want People to Starve”
Dem Congresswoman Calls for Unemployment Benefits for ‘Working Men and Women’
Dem Congresswoman Gives “Worst Speech of All Time;” Press Wanted to ‘Claw off Own Faces’
Dem Congresswoman Promises to 'Give' Obama Executive Orders to Sign
Dem Congresswoman on Obama’s Second Term: ‘Just Occupy the Spot…That Would Be an A’
Dem Pollster Shocked to Find No Racism in Tea Partiers, So They Invent Some
Dem Rep Wants Public ‘Rage’ over Unemployment Benefits Similar to Prospect of Syria Intervention
Dem Rep. Ellison: Islamist Terrorism/US Income Inequality—Same Struggle!
Dem Rep. Moran: "I Don't Think We're Going To Get Enough Young People Signing Up"
Dem Rep. Sent Three Threatening Letters to Conservative Activist Using Committee Letterhead (Video)
Dem Rep: People Losing Their Insurance Under Obamacare ‘A Good Thing’
Dem Sen: GOP Challenger Has "Sense Of Entitlement" About Military Service (video)
Dem Senator Dodges Questions About Campaigning With Obama (video)
Dem Senator on MSNBC: Russia’s “Weak” Invasion Proof of Obama’s “Strength”
Dem Senator’s ‘Volcanic’ Reaction to Paycheck Fairness Act’s Failure
Dem State Senator Who Authored Gun Control Legislation Arrested for Conspiring to Traffic Firearms
Dem Strategist: You Don't Try to Impeach Someone Because 'They're Black in the White House'
Dem Super PAC Slams Obamacare in Ad
Dem Support of Amnesty 'Principles' May Hurt Boehner's Credibility with House GOP
Dem congressman plays 'birther' card on Cruz (Alan Grayson hurl video)
Dem cries foul on Issa's ObamaCare tactics
Dem exodus from Washington has a common thread – ObamaCare: 12-30% of “enrollments imaginary
Dem group praises Democrat for blasting Obamacare (Calls Hussein inept?)
Dem leaders: O-Care uproar is media hype
Dem press secretary says Ted Cruz, not Obama, made Nelson Mandela’s funeral about himself
Dem proposes taxing drivers by the mile
Dem sees racial bias in defeat of Obama pick [the Left has run out of arguments]
Dem senators intervene in Hobby Lobby case, urge justices to deny ObamaCare exemption
Dem super-PAC defends Kay Hagan on ObamaCare (Has she signed up for Husseincare 21.2 yet?)
Dem testifies ObamaCare fix won't work
Dem whip Hoyer: Keep pot illegal
Dem. Rep.: Obamacare Enrollment Low Because People Think Law Is Repealed
Dem. lawmaker, co-sponsor of child porn laws, resigns; state office, home raided for child porn
Demand For High-Interest Payday Loans Soars In Minnesota
Demand puts premium on recreational marijuana prices in Colorado
Demanding an Israeli-Style Barrier on the US/Mexican Border
Demaryius Thomas’ Mom, Grandma Have To Root From Prison
Democracy and Peace Pushed Farther Away
Democracy vs. Republic -- a video
Democrat Alan Grayson Accused of Shoving and Hurting Wife in Domestic Dispute
Democrat Attorney General won’t prosecute 5 Dem’s guilty of selling political favors (Video)
Democrat Clark wins Mass. congressional race
Democrat Climate Caucus Reveals Its Stupidity.(Global Warming. The Religion of the Stupid.)
Democrat Compares Republicans to Monkeys Typing “Benghazi, Benghazi, Benghazi!”
Democrat Congressman Keith Ellison: Dishonoring the memory of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Democrat Elijah Cummings Faces Up to Five Years in Federal Prison
Democrat Elijah Cummings Looking at a Possible Five Years in Federal Prison
Democrat Gov. vetoes income tax cut for citizens, then seeks special carve outs for big business
Democrat Gubernatorial Candidate's Support For Corporate Welfare
Democrat House candidate: NRA members are 'pure trash' with 'very low I.Q.s'
Democrat House member refuses to face constituents, opponents at Town Hall meeting
Democrat Hypocrisy and Silencing Their Political Opposition
Democrat Joe Manchin Says He Will Vote for 20-Week Abortion Ban
Democrat Joe Manchin: ‘I Will Vote Tomorrow to Repeal’ Obamacare
Democrat Lawlessness.What If Red States Made All New Residents Register GOP Or Conservative.
Democrat Liarship: Liars Lie, and then Lie to Cover the Lie
Democrat Logic: Lose Your Job and Feel Liberated
Democrat Mike McIntyre plans to retire at end of term [Good chance for Republican pick up!]
Democrat NY City Coucilwoman Gets on Ballot & Wins Election with 81% Fraudulent Signatures
Democrat Party: Proud Slave Owners
Democrat Pat Caddell: Obama Thinks He Has the Right to Lie to You (Video)
Democrat Politicians and Union President Accept Communist Awards At Event Held In Public High School
Democrat Rep. Believes Our Constitution is 400 Years Old
Democrat Richard Stallings Mounts Congressional Bid
Democrat Sen. Warner leading in Virginia, but not because of ObamaCare
Democrat Senate Panic: Gardner Makes A Total Of 14 Democratic Seats Vulnerable
Democrat Senator Pulls Resolution To Honor Cesar Chavez After GOP Adds Border Security Language
Democrat Senator Schumer: Veterans Should Take a Pay Cut But Congress Should Not
Democrat Senator Udall Asked State to Cook Books on Obamacare Numbers
Democrat Senators Put on Climate Talkathon for Campaign Cash
Democrat Sink: We need immigrants to clean our hotel rooms!
Democrat State Senator in Colorado fires gay staffer for hanging out with a Republican
Democrat big minimum wage increases keep the cycle of poverty and enslavement going
Democrat cites his daughters to push abortion, attacks pro-life group for highlighting his remarks
Democrat fund raising letter accuses Republicans of a 'Revolting anti-choice agenda'
Democrat who beat up woman for refusing sex still serving in legislature…(WAR ON WOMEN ALERT)
Democrat “dogs” don’t salivate at the words “Koch Brothers”
Democrat's Bold Defense of ObamaCare Job-Killer: Nobody Really Wants a Job Promotion, Anyway...
Democrat: I don’t like Clarence Thomas because “he’s married to a white woman”
Democrat: Raise Gas Tax To Make Up Lost Revenue From Fuel-Efficient Vehicles
Democratic Ambulance Chaser Files Class Action Lawsuit over Traffic Jam (Krispie's Bridgegate)
Democratic Campaigns Pay African American, Hispanic Staffers Less (than whites)
Democratic Congressman Goes Ballistic At IRS Hearing After Darrell Issa Cuts Off His Mic (Cummings)
Democratic Congressman: Working Less Due to Obamacare Means More Kids Tucked In at Night
Democratic Corruption, Are they outing it all now, months before the midterms?
Democratic N.J. congressman unloads on Obama for Castro handshake
Democratic National Committee calls for Republican boycott of The Daily Caller, Rush Limbaugh
Democratic Party Chair Wishes Roe v. Wade a “Happy Birthday”
Democratic Party has no more centrists
Democratic Pollster: Slamming Obamacare in 2014 Is a “Trap” for GOP
Democratic Presidential hopeful can't say anything nice about Obama
Democratic Rep. Decides She Doesn’t Want to Answer Questions About Benghazi
Democratic Senate Prospects and the New Black Voter
Democratic Senator Tells GM Car Owners to Stop Driving Immediately
Democratic Senatorial Campaign: “Six Democrats Are Now Trailing in Polls” Enough For GOP to Retake
Democratic Strategists in 2014 Are Like French Generals in 1940
Democratic Super PAC Tops $1 Million for Hagan (RAT period) in North Carolina
Democratic Think Tank Study Finds Harry Reid and Senate Dems are Responsible for Gridloc
Democratic chairman expected to pick Ben Chavis for top post
Democratic donors turn eyes to the Senate (Wasserman Schultz caves on House)
Democratic infighting all the rage
Democratic lawmakers: White House staff shakeup long overdue
Democratic senator (the exempt Kay Hagan) will not attend Obama's North Carolina speech
Democratic senator says Obamacare could have 'meltdown,' hurt party
Democratic senators push for end to pre-employment credit checks ("women and minorities")
Democratic senators who won with Obama's help may not want it now
Democratic state senator running for U.S. Senate seat held by Graham (Good News!)
Democrats - Party of Scandals and Murders
Democrats Accuse Issa of Racism to Distract from Lois Lerner and IRS Scandal
Democrats Aim for a Presidential Fervor in ’14 Vote
Democrats Are Getting Destroyed In Key Senate States
Democrats Block Widow of Dead Cop From Testifying Against Obama’s Radical DOJ Pick
Democrats Block Widow of Murdered Police Officer From Testifying Against Obama
Democrats Celebrate 50 Years of Defeat in the War on Poverty
Democrats Continue Class Warfare Rhetoric
Democrats Defeat Cruz’s Effort to Protect Americans from IRS Abuses
Democrats Denounce Continued GOP Interference with Obamacare
Democrats Discuss Income Inequality at Posh St. Regis Hotel
Democrats Education Spending Math Doesn't Add Up
Democrats Face Perils of Controversial Nominees in ‘Post-Nuclear’ Senate
Democrats Face their "Sinkhole"
Democrats Have Been Waiting For ObamaCare To Become Popular For Four Years
Democrats Introduce Bill to ‘Protect Children’ From Electronic Cigarettes
Democrats Likely to Drop IMF Provision From Ukraine Bill (Cruz draws more blood!)
Democrats Lining Up to Oppose Obama's Anti-Gun Nominee For Surgeon General
Democrats Oppose Article V State Amendment Convention in FL Senate Rules Committee Vote
Democrats Plan Ads in Challenge to Koch Brothers
Democrats Plan to Pressure TV Networks Into Covering Climate Change
Democrats Playing in GOP primary for Texas Supreme Court
Democrats Remain Hush-Hush About the Dangers of Expanded Background Checks
Democrats Scrap Plan To Bring Back Affirmative Action To UC, CSU Admissions
Democrats Selectively Considering Pension Benefits In Education Funding
Democrats Silent After CBO Opens Up on Obamacare
Democrats Speak Out to Defend Woody Allen!
Democrats Trapped in the Bodies of Republicans
Democrats Try Wooing Ones Who Got Away: White Men
Democrats Unleash the IRS Tyrant
Democrats Using Boehner in Fundraising Efforts
Democrats Who Oppose Keystone XL Pipeline Own Shares in Competing Companies
Democrats and Democratic Tyranny
Democrats and Gun Control
Democrats and Republicans Are Driving America off the Fiscal Cliff
Democrats and the Panic Button: The Florida loss, plus Senate polls, spells trouble in November
Democrats are in big trouble and they know it
Democrats are unpatriotic, but are they immoral as well?
Democrats bash SCOTUS ruling on campaign contributions (Harry Reid bashes Koch Brothers again)
Democrats blame big business for botched rollout [as "glitches keep apace]
Democrats blast Breitbart Nancy Pelosi posters
Democrats celebrate MLK Day by attacking black people
Democrats critical of Cornyn, Hutchison on stimulus (2010 Flashback: Cornyn Cloture Hijinks)
Democrats defend Holder from GOP
Democrats do believe in American Acceptionalism (that's not a typo)
Democrats embrace adding photos to Social Security cards
Democrats face turnout problem, dissatisfaction in ranks leading to midterms
Democrats have turned “Loyal Opposition” into Dedicated Destruction
Democrats hint at petition drive to force immigration debate
Democrats hold all-night 'talkathon' on climate change on Senate floor [Not unemployment rate]
Democrats hope equal pay issue will mobilize women voters
Democrats in 2014: The Party of John Edwards
Democrats in Denial Over Obamacare
Democrats in Disarray: Party Frightened, Fractured Over Obamacare
Democrats lamest argument for extending deficit-based unemployment benefits beyond 26 weeks:Bush
Democrats must decide how far to bend on immigration
Democrats new argument on Obamacare jobs decline: It reduces ‘job lock’
Democrats now backing away from Obamacare
Democrats plead with Obama to abandon Social Security cut
Democrats pray for economic spring
Democrats register as Republicans to stop Tea Party candidates in GOP primaries
Democrats respond to idea GOP will win more votes by passing amnesty
Democrats rushing to cancel Medicare cuts they asked for in Obamacare
Democrats said to push for new changes to ObamaCare amid midterm fears
Democrats see chances for gains in governor races
Democrats see same-sex marriage as issue that will mobilize voters
Democrats seek ways to limit Obamacare fallout after Florida defeat
Democrats squawk as cracks form in immigration coalition
Democrats stacked Bridgegate panel
Democrats talk about climate, rake in billionaire bucks
Democrats to Nate Silver: You're Wrong (Mad at him for Predicting GOP Senate Takeover)
Democrats to push income inequality as top issue of 2014. Winning tactic?
Democrats will pay political price for Obamacare in 2014
Democrats work to raise number of female governors
Democrats' Midterm Blues
Democrats' ObamaCare Albatross
Democrats' great green hope? Americans only want to vote for marijuana.
Democrats' iPad protest of Darrell Issa on House floor is shut down
Democrats' new 2014 plan: Neutralize Obamacare (Someone else's fault)
Democrats, How Much Will You Take?
Democrats, Media Slam President Romney Over Health Care Law Changes
Democrats, NASA Scientists And Global Warming
Democrats: 1% Cut In Food Stamp Funding Is "Stealing"
Democrats: Cede the House to save the Senate
Democrats: Issa's Gaffe Will Block Lerner Contempt Charge (Dems desperate to protect IRS)
Democrats: The REAL Party of the Rich
Democrats: Work is Punishment (Long Article)
Democrats’ Failure Factories
Democrats’ Growing Problems With Independent Voters on the Senate Map
Democrats’ New Rallying Cry: Work Is a Trap and We Celebrate Those Who Can Avoid It
Democrats’ Obamacare ploy
Democrats’ ‘fairness’ Catch-22
Democrat’s Fundraising Email on Climate Change Shows Why Congress Has Deplorable Approval Rating
Demographers examine (Catholic) parish challenges of the 21st century
Demographic disaster: Obamacare’s missing young adults have all been replaced by people over 55
Demographics: Conservative States Have the Youngest Populations
Demography (of Russia)
Demonic Possession Stuns Authorities
Demonization of ObamaCare Opponents Intensify
Demons Possess 3 Children in Real-Life Horror Story
Demonstration Wednesday works to prevent impounding vehicles of illegal immigrants
Demonstrators, Police in Tense Standoff in Kiev After Violence
Dems Are the Out-of-Touch Extremists
Dems Ask Obama For Millions to Do 'Gun Violence Research'
Dems Call For Higher Minimum Wage While Paying Interns Nothing
Dems Can't Make Up Their Minds About 'Obamacare' Label
Dems Close Borders to Stop Illegal Light Bulb Trafficking [Satire]
Dems Confident the Worst Is Over on Obamacare Hit
Dems Exempt Staff from Obamacare
Dems Keep Hudak Issue Alive with Zenzinger Pick ( Colorado Gun Grabber recalls )
Dems May Copyright “Obamacare” Name
Dems Say Obamacare Will Liberate Millions from Workplace Drudgery
Dems Want Networks To Manipulate Climate Coverage Like BBC
Dems can't count on economy to save them in midterm elections
Dems exaggerate impact of Obamacare repeal
Dems file complaint against 'intentionally misleading' websites in Hughes, LoBiondo (NJ2) race
Dems hope to force House vote on minimum wage hike
Dems label foes ‘un-American’
Dems lack Sanders vote on budget deal
Dems push Walmart to give up cigarette sales
Dems push parade of Obama nominees through Senate
Dems push to ban e-cigs on Capitol grounds
Dems running into more Texas trouble
Dems slipping away from Reid on budget deal (reelection looms)
Dems stake 2014 survival on class strife
Dems turn on Obama nominee; president loses big vote in Senate
Dems unveil legislation surrounding recall elections (After Colorado Dems lost 3 St. Senators)
Dems want briefing on Issa docs - “immediate classified briefing” on Obamacare [fear leaks]
Dems warn of Koch groups' influence in Fla. special election
Dems “Protecting Children” from Cigarette Alternatives
Dems' All-Night Talkathon on Climate Change Includes Swipes at Republicans' 'Dark Money'
Dems' new 2014 plan: Neutralize Obamacare (They Want a Fight to a Draw)
Dems, GOP test fall strategy in Florida house race
Dems: Fixes not enough on O-Care
Dems’ Voter-Fraud Denial - How do you address a problem they insist doesn’t exist?
Dem’s $100K bet against ‘bunch of whites’ backfires in face of diversity rally
Dem’s Try to Use FCC to Censor Anti-Obamacare Ads
Den of Vipers in The Nest of Falcons
Denham: Amnesty opponents have never served our country
Denied by US,India launched its own GPS
Deniers Refuse To See Reality
Denmark’s Party Boat and the Ever-Expanding Welfare State
Dennis Burke Should Be Further Sanctioned, Not Celebrated For Lying to Brian Terry's Family
Dennis Kucinich Blames US Meddling for Russian Invasion
Dennis Rodman Apologizes for Kenneth Bae Remarks; Blames Them on Drinking, Stress
Dennis Rodman In the Court of Kim Jong Un: Why is the U.S. Government Allowing Visits to N. Korea?
Dennis Rodman apologizes for comments on American held in North Korea: report
Dennis Rodman defends N. Korea basketball game
Dennis Rodman offers to take jailed American's place in North Korea
Dennis Rodman sings happy birthday to Kim Jong-un (reminiscent of Marilyn Monroe to JFK)
Dennis Rodman to be U.S. ambassador to Iran [Probably satire.]
Dennis Rodman, ex-NBA All-Stars arrive in North Korea
Dennis Rodman: People Will 'Kiss My *$$' When North Korea Democratizes
Dennis drawn to North Korea by his Rodman: report
Denouncing
Dental Implant - Requesting Advice
Dental services are coming back for California's low-income adults
Denver Post Edits “Socialist” Out of Description of Arapahoe School Shooter
Denver Schools to Hire Illegal Aliens as Teachers
Denver and Las Vegas woo RNC for 2016 GOP convention bid
Denver mayor to learn about Amsterdam pot rules
Denying Holy Communion to pro-abortionists and same sex ‘marriage’ supporters is an act of mercy...
Departing Maid Leaves Family Under Magic Spell
Department Of Health Closes Dominique Ansel Bakery, Ansel Aims to Reopen Monday
Department of Education approves Common Core changes at Orlando meeting
Department of Homeland Security Stacked With Pro-Amnesty Attorneys
Department of Homeland Security cancels national license-plate tracking plan
Dependence on Russia Is Likely to Leave Region’s Economy in a Precarious State
Dependency, Not Poverty
Depleted Lakers forced to keep fouled-out Sacre on court during crazy night in Cleveland
Deport Justin Beiber!!! 37 signatures away!!!
Deportation in hit-and-run tragedy would be a mistake: Editorial
Deportation program targets felons but nets those without criminal records
Deportations come mostly from border, DHS chief says
Deportations of parents can cast the lives of U.S.-citizen kids into turmoil
Depot the cat can stay at SC store, Home Depot says
Dept. of Ed: Catholic H.S. Students Twice as Likely to Graduate College
Deputies Arrest Beaverton (OR) Man After A Series Of Strange Events
Deputies Responding to Stabbing Mistakenly Killed WeHo Man: LASD
Deputies Shoot, Kill Man Armed with Guns Along Antelope Road
Deputies Withdraw Bill to Label Media Firms 'Foreign Agents'
Deputies release sketch of man who assaulted woman in gay marriage hate crime
Deputies: Boy, 5, found beaten and malnourished inside closet of Houston-area home
Deputies: Citrus Heights police fatally shoot woman in stolen vehicle
Deputies: Davenport man who walked out of hospital struck, killed
Deputies: Fort Mill mom held man at gunpoint after he had sex with her teen daughter (Video)
Deputies: Nude man safe after 8-hour incident at Lake Murray (SC) dam (with pics)
Deputies: Pickens woman charged 9 years after failing to return J.Lo movie
Deputies: Voodoo helped guide ring before arrests (FL)
Deputy British PM Opposes Kosher Slaughter Ban
Deputy Milonov Proposes Easing Receipt of Russian Citizenship for "Spiritually Insulted" Europeans
Deputy killed as SWAT Team breaks through door to serve “No Knock” warrant
Deputy on Turning 100: "Best Day of My Life"
Deputy put on leave after woman accidentally shot in drug raid
Deputy working extra job as Domino’s delivery driver gets into shootout with suspects
Derailing the GOP Jihad (Washington Post)
Derek Jeter says 2014 will be his 'last year playing professional baseball'
Derrick Ashong: Why I Interviewed George Zimmerman (Opinion)
Derrick Coleman's inspiring story gains traction via Duracell video [deaf Seahawks FB]
Dershowitz, Law Enforcement Experts Slam D'Souza Targeting
Dershowitz: Christie Could Face Criminal Prosecution for Bridge-gate
Desegregation aid could end for Arkansas schools
Desert Tactical Arms Refuses Sale to Pakistan, Turns Down Millions
Designate Jamaat ul-Fuqra as a Foreign Terrorist Organization
Desmond Tutu challenges Maryland legislature's attempt to outlaw boycotts of Israel
Desmond Tutu has house burgled while giving Nelson Mandela tribute
Desmond Tutu home robbed; was at Mandela memorial
Desmond Tutu, Climate Expert
Desmond Tutu: Not invited to Mandela funeral
Desperate Lois Lerner Requires Drastic House Measures
Desperate Times for ObamaCare: Look at how How Obama’s con is pillaging America.
Desperate for Mideast Deal, Kerry Gets Earful from Netanyahu...
Desperately Seeking Closure
Despite All Empirical Evidence to the Contrary, Dallas Morning News Opines that Voter ID...
Despite Big Challenges, Conservatives Will Continue to Fight
Despite Claim, Tax Cuts Have Not 'Overwhelmed' Michigan
Despite Democrats’ Koch Brothers Fixation, Poll Finds Majority Don’t Know Who They Are
Despite Fewer Students, Michigan School Funding Going Up, Up, Up
Despite Freezing Temperatures Undocumented Activists Demand NY Dream Act in 2014
Despite Frigid, Bitter Cold Temperatures March for Life to Go On in Washington D.C.
Despite GWB scandal, Chris Christie a big draw at Lonegan fundraiser
Despite Record Cold and Snow, the Blizzard of Lies on Global Warming Continues
Despite Staff Cuts, 25 Teacher Union State Affiliates Ran Deficits
Despite apology, MSNBC's Melissa Harris-Perry is still a racist
Despite appearances, Japan insists Izumo is not an aircraft carrier
Despite rumors, safety Kerry Rhodes doesn't think he's blacklisted
Despite tea party grumbling, John Cornyn in good shape in GOP primary (Wichita Falls Country Club)
Despite veterans opposition, Senate Dems vow to pass budget deal
Despite vows of help, White House withholds thousands of documents from Senate CIA probe
Despite water being restored, symptoms still being reported (West Virginia)
Destitute single mum Louise Early's Adelaide family appeal to Barack Obama
Destroying the GOP: How Immigration Turned California Blue
Destructive Missions, Partially Accomplished: Emboldened statists have already done serious damage
Details of 2000 Ramallah Lynch of IDF Soldiers Revealed
Detecting extrasolar moons akin to Solar System satellites with an Orbital Sampling Effect
Detection of Waves in Space Buttresses Landmark Theory of Big Bang
Detection of solar wind-produced water in irradiated rims on silicate minerals
Detox Your Soul This Lent
Detroit Lions owner William Clay Ford dies at 88
Detroit Police Chief Warns Criminals: People Will Protect Themselves
Detroit Police Chief: ‘Good Americans with CPLs translates into crime reduction’
Detroit Police Seek A Dozen Suspects For Beating Man Nearly To Death After His Car Struck Child
Detroit Police Stand with Citizens Who Are Using Guns for Self-Defense
Detroit Ruins Draw Tourists to City
Detroit Should Look to Nearby Pontiac For Reform
Detroit Should Privatize Its Terrible Airport
Detroit Woman Dead for 4 Years Went on Voting
Detroit automakers worry about UAW money struggles
Detroit bailout comes at expense of statewide taxpayers
Detroit chief: More citizens should be armed
Detroit homeowner shoots, kills 1 of two intruders
Detroit mayor touts accomplishments in last speech
Detroit police chief to citizens: Arm yourselves (Former gun-control advocate changes tune...)
Detroit police chief: Armed citizens can make city safer
Detroit police chief: Want crime to drop? Start carrying
Detroit protesters demand super-sized $15-per-hour minimum wage for fast food workers
Detroit retiree on pension cuts: 'I can't live on what I get now'
Detroit's Bankruptcy Plan Comes Under Heavy Assault
Detroit's Decline Didn't Have to Happen
Detroit's abandoned buildings draw tourists instead of developers
Detroit: Possibility of Real Privatization, Savings
Deutsche Bank-er Explains Why He Committed Suicide
Deutsche Post completes first drone flight
Deval Patrick and the Curse of the 2nd Black President
Deval's double standard appears on two disappearances
Deval’s getting warmed up with another way to soak us
Devastated woman suffering fourth miscarriage forced to sit on abortion ward......
Devastating Attack Ad Will Destroy John Cornyn
Devastating Benghazi Timeline Reveals Obama MIA
Devastating losses for the Socialists (France)
Devastating: 90 Percent of Uninsured Haven't Signed Up For Obamacare, Most Cite High Costs
Developing the Case for Being a Tea Party Catholic
Developing: Crimea Nationalizes Energy Companies
Device exploded in bomber's face after he 'forgot about clocks changing'(Ireland)
Devil And The Deep Blue "C"
Devil Baby Attack
Devil Baby Attack (video)
Devil baby terrorizes New York City for viral marketing campaign for 'Devil's Due'
Devil or Angel, Whichever You Are
Devo guitarist Bob Casale dead at 61
Devo's Bob Casale Dies At 61
Devyani Khobragade agrees to waive indictment deadline
Dewhurst’s work is cut out for him after dusting by Patrick (Texas)
Dhimmitude ... Swedish Art Professor Applauds Apple's Intention To Place Hijab On Emoticon
Diane Feinstein: 'We can't let the Joooz control America'
Dianne Feinstein and the Democrats' Great Satan
Dianne Feinstein pushes for semi-automatic rifle import ban based on 45-year-old law
Diaz: Botox made my face look weird
Dick Cheney Behind Closed Doors Is Basically Like Dick Cheney in Public, But With More Obama Bashing
Dick Cheney “surprised” at public family feud
Dick Morris: Boehner Eats His Young With Attacks on Conservatives
Dick Morris: Clinton’s Benghazi Cover-Up
Dictator Obama: I'll Use Executive Orders to Make This Lousy, Unjust Country Fair
Dictators and Deans
Dictatorship and violence reign as Venezuela approaches a crisis
Did 'fracking' play role in L.A. earthquake? Councilmen want to know
Did Al Franken really cast the '60th vote' for Obamacare?
Did Anyone Notice?,Three Most Important & Vital Issues Not Mentioned In State Of The Union.
Did BEER create modern society? Ancient man developed agriculture to brew alcohol and not to bake...
Did Barack Obama Sr. visit Hawaii in 1971?
Did British socialite jump naked to her death ... after a bad reaction to facelift anaesthetic?
Did CIA official suppress Benghazi narrative? Accounts raise new questions
Did CIA's Mike Morell Lie About Benghazi For Obama?
Did Castro tell Obama "I am Raul Castro" as they were shaking hands? (vanity)
Did Chad Henderson Ever ENROLL (meaning paid) In ObamaCare?
Did Charlie Crist Sell Judgeships?
Did China steal US corn? Six charged with digging up bioengineered seed
Did D'Souza Hit a Nerve?
Did Darwin plagiarize his evolution theory? (article)
Did Derivatives Cause Bond Fund Giant, PIMCO's $2 Trillion Divorce?
Did ESPN’s Chris Broussard Rally the Religious ‘Duck Dynasty’ Movement?
Did Flight 370 continue for four more hours in flight?
Did Fuddy Have an Open-Casket Funeral? (Media caught in deception)
Did GM Delay Recall With Deadly Results? Problems Reported Years Ago
Did George Washington Predict America’s Fall?
Did God want to 'put His thumb on humanity' as Satan suggested to Eve in Genesis 3:1-5?
Did Google’s $1 Billion Force Mozilla to Dump Brendan Eich?
Did Gov. Christie have knowledge of the lane closures in regards to their supposed use as a "study"?
Did Hillary Clinton write to CMU for Scientology asking them to fire Prof. David S. Touretzky?
Did Inequality Make Dasani Homeless?
Did Iranian Fighters Battle UFOs?
Did Jesus Claim to be God?
Did Jesus Die for All or for Only the Elect? Two Theologians Debate
Did Jesus Really Say? A review of ‘Jesus Calling’
Did Jesus have a crew-cut? Lifestyles of ancient Israel's rich and famous
Did Joni Ernst Just Turn Herself into Christine O'Donnell?
Did Justice Kagan embarrass herself during the Hobby Lobby oral arguments?
Did Loretta Fuddy get 'Ron Browned'?
Did Loretta Fuddy get 'Ron Browned'? (...eyebrow-raising evidence in death of Clinton 'bagman')
Did Michigan Just Trigger 'Constitutional Convention'? Bid Gains Steam
Did Michigan just trigger 'constitutional convention'? Bid gains steam
Did Michigan trigger a constitutional convention?
Did Mockery of Obama Get Dinesh D'Souza Arrested?
Did NHTSA Drag Its Feet on GM's Deadly Recall Delay?
Did Nigerian Pastor's Prophecy Predict Malaysian Airliner Disappearance?
Did Oakland robber take selfie on stolen phone?
Did Obama warn about …Obamacare? [Yes - in his own TV ad in 2008]
Did Palin Predict Current Ukraine Trouble? Warned if Obama elected, Putin'd be encouraged to invade
Did Pope Francis really say that? Probably not
Did Rush Limbaugh Just Endorse iCongess Idea?
Did Russia try to hide its loss to USA?
Did Russian Intelligence Promote Obama from Lieutenant to Colonel?
Did Shark Photobomb Manhattan Beach Family? [California]
Did Showdown Kill Boehner's Immigration Dreams?
Did Tertullian Deny the Real Presence? (Church Fathers and the Real Presence in the Eucharist)
Did Washington Pray at Valley Forge?
Did a Mega-Flood Doom Ancient American City of Cahokia?
Did anybody else see the "Slow Cooker" Commercial during the Superbowl?
Did baby Barack Obama live with Ann Dunham in Seattle?
Did conservatives get trolled by Pajama Boy?
Did it my self Dehydrated
Did paying traffic ticket land man in deportation proceedings?
Did pilot hijack MH370 as political protest against Anwar’s latest jail term?
Did pilot hijack missing plane HIMSELF in anti-government protest?
Did police go too far by shoving Fox 2 reporter M.L. Elrick?
Did secret CIA whistle-blower leak to the Senate?
Did the Bishops at the 1st Vatican Council, who voted on Papal Infallibility, possess infallibility?
Did the Catholic Church Remove One of the Ten Commandments?
Did the EU Bail Out the US in December?
Did the Obamacare Youth Outreach Company Offer Free Health Care as Contest Prize?
Did the Washington Post Collaborate With Congressional Democrats to Smear the Koch Brothers?
Did the White House just inadvertently confirm Obama ID fraud?
Did the nuns get to Justice Sonia Sotomayor?
Did the pharaohs know hieroglyphics? - Polish Egyptologist explains
Did toxic wine kill Alexander the Great? Scientists ‘find plant behind ancient leader’s’…
Did you enjoy getting chewed out by Boehner?
Did you see that? Video captures rider atop West Seventh bridge arches
Didga the cat pulls off some skateboard tricks.
Didja Ever Google the Term 'Tilt'?
Didn't Sink (D) win Florida's 13th when running for Gov.? Didn't Obama win this district, too?
Die Anstalt - Ukraine Maidan [satire by German national TV: McCain, Nuland, 'far-right' connection]
Diet Drinks Linked to Heart Problems in Older Women
Diet drinks linked with heart disease, death
Diet soda drinkers end up consuming more calories: Study
Diets of the middle and lower class in Pompeii revealed
Dieudonné Acquitted in Defamation Case
Different Presidents, A Different Corps
Difficult to face joint China-Pak threat: IAF
Difficulty Adding Newborns to Obamacare Not a “Glitch” Says Sebelius
Digging Into a Fossil Outhouse
Digging Up the Past (Polanyi redistribution paradigm disproven)
Digusted with JP Morgan (what was going on a little over a year ago)
Dilemma for congressional Democrats: Campaign with President Obama? (And lose?)
Diminished American Prestige at Sochi has Far Too Much of the Failed Obama Era in It for Me...
Dimon Disses Bitcoin, and Bitcoiners Diss Back
Diner Attacked After Refusing Seattle Man's Demand For A Bite Of His Burrito
Diner Attacks McDonald's With Axe Over 'Cold Fries'
Dinesh D'Souza Released On $500,000 Bond
Dinesh D'Souza indicted for violating U.S. election law
Dinesh D'Souza was Right about Obama
Dinesh D'Souza's 'America' Trailer Released (Video)
Dinesh D'Souza: I Won't Be Intimidated by Campaign-Finance Charges
Dinesh D’Souza Tells Hannity Indictment Could Be ‘Payback’ for Anti-Obama Film
Dinesh D’Souza was arrested for violating campaign finance laws. Why hasn’t Obama been arrested too?
Dinesh D’Souza’s Indictment and Double Standards
Dingell hat trick: Debbie to run (Dingell Dynasty)
Dingy Harry Lives in Fantasyland (Reid didn't read the memo, doubles down on stoopid)
Dinosaur Soft Tissue Preserved by Blood?
Dionne: "Think About The Money Put In People's Pockets When They're Saving From Subsidies"
Dire Predictions for School District Deficits Doesn't Materialize
Dire Straits' "Money for Nothing" Censored by the local classic rock station...
Dire signs from a warming world
DirecTV dispute: Is Weather Channel trying to have it both ways?
Direct Cash Grants: Anti-Crony Capitalism Policies Fall Short
Direct Evidence Of Cosmic Inflation
Direct From Aspen: the Finals of the Michelle Obama Who Wore It Better Contest
Direct Mail Targets Your Kitty! [video]
Direct TV
Director of Maryland’s ailing health insurance exchange resigns
Director of Maryland’s ailing health insurance exchange resigns (as did Hawaii's)
Director of Oregon’s Obamacare Exchange (Rodney King) Resigns
Dirty Dozen: 12 Senate Republicans Who Voted to Silence Ted Cruz
Dirty little secrets
Disable journalist from Peshawar need financial help for his normal life
Disabled Family Sees 300 Percent Increase In Health Insurance Costs Under Obamacare
Disabled Man Robs Bank With Shotgun Hidden Under Crutch
Disabled Military Retirees Betrayed by Gutless Republicans
Disabled Military Retirees Not Exempt from Pension Cuts in Budget Deal
Disabled Veterans to Be Exempted From Pension Cuts (Only Med Retired Early, Not VA Rated Disabled)
Disabled Vietnam vet, 70, shot in the stomach by police
Disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Sparks Conspiracy Theories
Disappearing male workers are not a joke
Disappointed Syrians Warn Ukrainians Not To Seek U.S. Help
Disapproval of Obama rises in state, poll shows (CA; 55% think country is on wrong track)
Disclose the locations and actions of the President during the 2012 attacks in Benghazi
Discounts push holiday sales up
Discoveries Challenge Beliefs on Humans’ Arrival in the Americas
Discovery Pushes Back the Clock on Human Hand Evolution
Discrimination Olympics: Meddling with Muslims in Sochi
Discrimination and My Brother’s Keeper: In some cases, race does — and should — matter.
Discussion Thread: Texas Primary Today (3-4-14) ..first hand reports, observations, comments..
Discussion on Paper: "Electron assisted neutron exchange in solid state"
Discussion thread: Who should deliver the GOP response to the State of the Union?
Disease and trauma within collapsing Indus Civilisation
Disgraced China military officer sold 'hundreds' of posts: sources
Disgraced Democratic congressman arrested in Zimbabwe after allegedly making 100 porno films
Disgraced Ex-Preacher Says There’s a Major Culture Problem in Evangelical Christianity
Disgraced Keith O’Brien faces Vatican ‘trial’
Disgraced priest to wed pope adviser's daughter
Disgruntled worker who is ‘not a female or a male’ sues for $518,682 over PRONOUNS
Disgusting .. Coast to Coast (last night)
Disgusting Compromise on $956B Farm Bill; In Spite of Massive Howls, No Actual Cuts in Food Stamps
Disgusting: Clinton Identified In Lawsuit Against Former Friend and Pedophile
Disgusting: Katty Kay Blames 'Fallible' Ambassador Stevens For Own Death, Lets Hillary Off Hook
Disgusting: Katty Kay Blames Ambassador Stevens For Own Death, Lets Hillary Off Hook
Dish and DirecTV wish customers a Merry Christmas…by hiking prices
Disinformation behind Obamacare runs deep
Disk deframention
Dismal Chevy Spark EV Sales Make the Volt Look Good
Dismantling The Establishment: Why Scott Wagner’s Pennsylvania State Senate Victory Matters
Disney Attempts to Force Boy Scouts Over Gay Leaders Ban; Threatens to Halt Funding
Disney Fires Arabic Donald Duck For Jew Hatred
Disney Is Tolerant of Anything in Its Movies...Except God - 'Frozen' Songwriters Reveal
Disney Stops Funding to Boy Scouts of America Over Gay Ban [Why No Call To Boycott Disney?]
Disney World tells Boy Scouts to allow openly gay leaders or lose funding
Disney partners with oil industry to make pipelines fun ["target children"]
Disney’s Billion Dollar Theme Park Gamble (MyMagic+ System)
Disorderly conduct bill expected to return at Utah Legislature (open carry)
Disparate impact: classrooms, comfortable places for girls, terrible places for boys
Dispelling Myths: The Case for Immigration Reform [Enjoy your made-in-America ZOT, troll]
Dispelling the Myth of Partisanship in Washington
Disposable: Paul Ryan's Budget Epitomizes How Washington Actually Sees Veterans
Disproportionate Numbers of Black Kids Being Suspended from Preschool Programs
Dispute Threatens ThyssenKrupp's Submarine Business
Disruptive Energy Generation
Dissent Is Not Allowed
Dissent on a One-Way Street
Dissident campaign madness and it should stop, say former IRA men
District Attorney Williams blasts attorney general in sting case (Race Card Backfires!)
District Court Opinion Enjoins Bulk Metadata Collection Program
Distrust hinders U.S.-Iraq fight against resurgent Al Qaeda militants
Disturbing background of federal judge who issued ruling against Pastor Scott Lively.
Disturbing: Adam Lanza PC Contained Info on “Rights of Pedophiles, Movie About Man/Boy..
Ditch Mitch Snowballing – Rasmussen: Matt Bevin Leading Grimes And McConnell
Ditching land line at home? (VANITY)
Dive for cover, in a $36,000 family bomb shelter
Diversity has been given a bad name by “progressives”
Diversity prompts increased racial isolation
Dividend Dynamos are a Port in a Stock Market Storm
Dividends: Recessionary Conditions Continue for REITs
Dividing Volks [Tennessee Volkswagen union drive]
Dividing one nation into pieces [government gridlock]
Divisions of Islam with Avi Lipkin (~ 30 min video interview)
Divorce Beltway Style
Divorce Beltway Style.. The Democratic breakup that exposes Washington’s rotten core
Divorce Corp. Details the Injustices of Family Court
Divorce Rate Higher in Counties With More Conservative Protestants, Study Says
Divorce and Remarriage, Oikonomia, and the peril of following the Greeks
Divorce called off after hubby vows to install toilet
Dmytro Yarosh: We want Ukraine, Poland, Hungary and Romania to have very close relations
Do (secular) liberals even believe in Merry Christmas?
Do Americans Trust in God?
Do As They Say, Not As They Do
Do Atheists Exist? A new “godless” church makes you wonder.
Do Catholics Worship Statues?
Do Christians care if ‘Noah’ movie jibes with the Bible? Survey says … yep
Do Democratic Lawmakers anticipate Treason Trials?
Do Foxes Have Magnetic Senses? (article)
Do Gay Rights Trump Religious Rights? Supreme Court Won't Hear Wedding Photographers' Case
Do I have to be a Member of a Local Church to Follow Christ?
Do John Hagee or Perry Stone support Messianic Jews and/or Messianic Jewish Rabbis?
Do Liberals Care if Third World Illnesses Infect Americans?
Do Liberals Want to Kill Iron Man?
Do Most Americans Care If Crimeans & Eastern Ukrainians Vote To Join With Russia?
Do Our Christian Beliefs Have A Place In Our Public Lives?
Do Propagandists from Klanned Parenthood Control Margaret Sanger Wikipedia Page?
Do Stars Who Self-Destruct Bypass Hell Because They Entertained Us?
Do The Olympics Ever Break Even?
Do These New Satellite Images Show the Remains of Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370?
Do You Believe in Miracles?
Do You Believe in Miracles? Onslaught by Regime and Drive-By Media Has Made OCare Overnight Success
Do You Believe in a Santa Christ?
Do You KNOW Anybody Personally Who Signed Up For ObamaCare?
Do You Know This Guy?
Do You Know What They’re Teaching Your Kids?
Do You Know “David Pack”? My Life and Ministry—Rumors and Lies vs. Facts and Truth [Cult Wars]
Do You Text While Walking? This App Wants to Save Your Life
Do You Think Climate Change is a Pressing Issue?
Do You Want Mandated Psych Testing for Your 5-Year OId? NY Does!
Do all of you want to hit COKE upside their Corporate Heads?
Do illegal immigrants have an obligation to obey laws banning them from entering the United States?
Do it for Denmark! Video calls on couples to travel and have sex to boost the country's population
Do liberals say "We're having a fetus!" or "We're having a baby!"?
Do stay-at-home moms need a 'postnup'?
Do we really want the Clintons back?
Do you have a daily devotional plan?
Do you know someone who thinks it's cool to wear their pants low? Show them this ASAP...
Do you know your constitution? Part 2
Do you think Doc Martin would agree with Phil Robertson?
Do you think led zep still holds up?
Do you think the Mount Soledad cross should come down?
Do your work, and leave the harvest to God and the one to whom he assigns it.
DoD Identifies Army Casualties
DoD Identifies Marine Corps Casualty
DoD Internal Website Celebrates Homosexuality
DoJ IRS investigation in the very best of hands
DoJ puts Obama donor in charge of IRS investigation [The Fox Guards the Hen House]
DoJ's attack on Little Sisters of the Poor shows what America will be like under total Democrat rule
Doc Details Adventures of the First Gay GOP Presidential Candidate
Doc Dump: CCP Researcher Unloads; Multiple Counts Of Document Fraud
Doc Who Killed Woman in Botched Abortion Injures Yet Another Woman
Doctor Diagnoses Man's Mysterious Illness With Help From TV's "House"
Doctor Says Setting a Schedule Can Help Sleep Routine
Doctor Who Pioneered Tommy John Surgery Dies (Dr. Frank Jobe)
Doctor in landmark abortion case dies of cancer
Doctor uses printed 3D heart to assist in infant heart surgery
Doctor walks six miles in snow to perform life-saving brain surgery at Trinity Medical Center
Doctor: No Such Thing as ADHD
Doctors Abandoning Private Practice in Droves to Work at Hospitals
Doctors Give Baby Zero Chance at Survival, He Gives Parents a Christmas Miracle
Doctors Save Severed Hand By Sewing to Man's Ankle
Doctors Say Obamacare Rule Will Stick Them With Unpaid Bills
Doctors Say Racing’s (Michael) Schumacher Is ‘Fighting for His Life’
Doctors and Hospitals risk losing millions by treating ObamaCare patients
Doctors are demoralized
Doctors boycotting California's Obamacare exchange
Doctors concerned about painkiller said to be 10 times stronger than Vicodin
Doctors outraged at latest NHS pay restraint, BMA says
Doctors remove polyp from Netanyahu
Doctors say gene therapy helping blood cells fight cancer
Doctors' Trade Union: 'Ban Smoking For Everyone Born after Year 2000'
Doctors: Brazilian Skier, Olympic Hopeful, Unable To Move Limbs After Accident
Doctor’s Office Spends 2 Hours On Hold With Health Insurer For Patient’s Surgery Authorization
Doctor’s ‘I will not comply’ Obamacare break-up letter getting incredible praise from her peers
Doctrine does not change, except when it does
Document Reveals State’s Move To Vastly Expand Continuity of Government Powers
Documents Show A Texas Court Ordered Wendy Davis to Stay Away From Drugs and Alcohol
Documents reveal anger, chaos in Christie bridge scandal
Documents show 1990s effort to 'humanize' Hillary Clinton
Documents show PETA killed nearly 2,000 shelter animals in 2013
Documents: Accused clergy cost church millions
Documents: Man charged in shooting of mother and daughter had threatened to kidnap girl
Documents: Obama's Honolulu, Africa Flights Cost Taxpayers Nearly $16 Million
Documents: Tanning Salons Inspected More Often Than NYC Abortion Clinics
Dodgers legend Lasorda says A-Rod 'ruined the game'
Dodgers, Diamondbacks arrive Down Under
Does (Pope) Francis Have a Teaching Strategy?
Does A Parallel Spirit World Exist
Does America Still Need Black History Month?
Does America Still Want To Prosper?
Does An Ancient Tablet Tell the Real Story of Noah’s Ark?
Does Anyone Happen to Know Obama's T-shirt Size?
Does Anyone Remember the Embargo? (Israel-France)
Does Bell toll for excessive public pay? Controller's compensation database tells shocking story
Does Eric Holder care that votes against Pennsylvania's voter ID law were bought?
Does Exercising the Second Amendment Invalidate the Fourth Amendment?
Does Fox News have a thing for Joel Osteen or Rick Warren? Where are the Messianic Jewish Rabbis?
Does Francis have a Marxism problem?
Does Frankenstein Film Expose Link Between Transhumanism & The Occult?
Does Harry Reid Want the Koch Brothers Murdered?
Does High-Tech Dragnet to Deport Immigrants Go Too Far?
Does Immigration Mean ‘France Is Over’? (barf alert)
Does Israel need a Palestinian terror state more than the PLO?
Does Jewish Oral Tradition Equal Roman Catholic Oral Tradition? (Also, Are They Similar In Nature?
Does Marijuana Induce Psychosis?
Does Minimum Wage Create Jobs?
Does Money Grow on Trees? This Will Seriously Blow You Away
Does NBC Show Medal Ceremonies?
Does Neil Young practice what he preaches?
Does Phil Robertson (Duck Dynasty) Have and EEOC Case of Discrimination?
Does Phil Robertson get the bible wrong?
Does Praying to Saints Equal Worshipping the Saints?
Does Putin genuinely want to recreate the Soviet empire?
Does Rep. Pete Sessions, R-Dallas, no longer live in Texas?!?
Does Ron and Rand Paul Hate What Ronald Reagan Stood For? (Vanity)
Does Russia Want Alaska Back?
Does Russia or Iran pose greater danger to world peace?
Does The Trail Of Dead Bankers Lead Somewhere?
Does The Trail Of Dead Bankers Lead Somewhere? Why the Sudden Rash of Banker Suicides?
Does U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara have something against elite in India?
Does World Vision’s Flip-flop Mean Christians Should Continue their Support?
Does anybody really know what time it is? A meditation on the mystery of time.
Does anyone have/use a tankless water heater?
Does anyone use, or understand Linked In? (vanity question)
Does free birth control lead to promiscuity?
Does smoking pot cause man boobs?
Does stress in womb raise chances of baby growing up to be gay? (Barf Alert)
Does the Constitution Force Bakers to Bake?
Does the Earth Abide Forever, Like the Bible Says?
Does the Olympic Charter (displayed on Google.com) also not discriminate against polygamous people?
Does the West have no future?
Does the right need a Rachel Maddow?
Does this mean that progressives now support nullification?
Doesn't Pajama Boy look like the spawn of a couple of MSNBC hosts?
Dog And His Donkey
Dog Center Europe treats soldiers — the canine kind — injured in war
Dog Cult Prays For Pit Bull That Mauled A Child
Dog Helps Alaska Woman Survive 3 Nights in Cold
Dog Helps Save Owner Who Was Hit By Car In Dorchester
Dog Kills 13-Year-Old New Jersey Boy, Injures Two Others
Dog Rescued After Being Frozen to Ground
Dog Saved Owner's Life By Detecting Breast Cancer That Mammogram Missed (Video)
Dog That Survived Gassing Headed to Rose Parade
Dog comforts sick canines at Colo. clinic
Dog dying on Los Angeles trash heap makes amazing recovery (VIDEO)
Dog eaten in its kennel by a python: Owner finds snake with leash still dangling from its mouth
Dog found adrift in Tampa Bay had loving owner who died
Dog found treading water in Tampa Bay has new owner, new name
Dog found treading water in Tampa Bay, search begins for owner
Dog helps Purple Heart war veteran ‘feel human again’
Dog missing in NYC for 3 weeks is found thanks to fliers, Facebook
Dog of war: Taliban claims to have captured military canine
Dog on leash shot and killed by York Deputy
Dog rescue holding fundraiser for disabled veteran whose dog was injured in a hit-and-run
Dog shot by officers serving warrant at wrong house
Dog that lunged at probation officer is shot, killed
Dog walks again after injury, becomes mother to kittens in need
Dogfight duke: The MiG that forced Pakistan army surrender
Dogs Acting Like Humans
Dogs Vs. Cats: Which Makes the Best Pet?
Dogs align themselves with Earth’s magnetic field when it comes time to poop
Dogs are NOT descended from modern wolves but split from common ancestor 34,000 years ago
Dogs aren't the only ones that don't like the mail man
Dogs can detect emotion in human voices, study shows
Dogs' pot poisoning soars as pets dig through trash, stash
Doh! Miami NBC Calls State GOP "Reprehensive Party." RPOF Wants On-Air Apology
Doing the Green Thing (vanity)
Doku Umarov: Kremlin's enemy who aims to ruin Sochi Olympics
Dolphins fire GM Ireland [Six years, NO IMPROVEMENT. Sound familiar?]
Dominican Priest Exposes The Spiritual Dangers Of Yoga
Dominican carolers bring joy of Christmas to downtown DC
Dominion Puts Finishing Touches On State's Largest Solar Project (CT)
Don Everly Receives 'Special Spiritual Message'
Don Lemon: Why Is Obama ‘Punching Down’ at Fox? ‘Isn’t the President Above That?’
Don't Assume Liberals Always Put Principles Before Profits
Don't Bail Out Detroit with State Tax Dollars
Don't Be Fooled: Obamacare Is Not Getting Better; It's Not Fixable
Don't Believe What Obama Tells You About His Economy or That He Has The Terrorists
Don't Believe the Economists About the 'Low' U.S. Corporate Taxes
Don't Blame Putin; Blame Russia
Don't Call It "Frisco" -- If You're Old and White
Don't Expect Electric Cars To Save The Environment
Don't Fall For These Old Tricks
Don't Forget About Sarah
Don't Get Punked by Paramount's Pagan Noah Film
Don't Hike The Gas Tax
Don't Let Death Stop your Social Security
Don't Let Insurers Shift Risk to Taxpayers
Don't Let Your Voice Be Silenced
Don't Look Now But 'Dying' Russia's Population Is Still Growing
Don't Republicans Abuse Executive Power?
Don't Tread on Me
Don't Write Those Tea Party Obituaries Just Yet
Don't be fooled by her angelic looks, she's as ruthless..A withering portrait of Ukraine's 'saviour'
Don't be scared to support a One State Solution
Don't believe mainstream media mistruths about firearms research
Don't blame stock losses on the weather, pro says
Don't extend unemployment benefits
Don't fall for Putin's lie
Don't fear the dynasty: Clinton vs. Bush would not doom democracy
Don't let those kids die in vain
Don't listen to Obama's Ukraine critics: he's not 'losing' – and it's not his fight
Don't look to police for legal advice
Don't mourn for Mandela
Don't mourn for Mandela - man 'wasn't the saintly character portrayed by Morgan Freeman'
Don't return calls from these area codes -- it's a scam!
Donald Rumsfeld: 'It does not take a genius'
Donald Rumsfeld: A “Trained Ape” Could Manage War Better Than Obama (Video)
Donald Trump to New York GOP: I'll Run for Governor if We Skip Primary
Donald Trump: I’m Ready To Run For NY Gov, But I Want Clear Path To GOP Nomination
Donate to Obama, and Get Nominated for Ambassador
Donating Monthly is the Ideal way to Reliably support FR [FReepathon]
Donations to Karl Rove's Groups Drop 98% after Targeting Tea Party
Donetsk City Council declares itself sole lawful authority in the city
Donetsk Creates "People's Army"
Donetsk Protests Live Thread (About to be Stormed?)
Donna Family Accused of Election Law Fraud
Donnoli, a Donut Cannoli Hybrid, Is the New Cronut
Donor to Groups Devoted to Reducing U.S. Nuclear Stockpile Receives Scientific Achievement Award
Don’t Be a Scrooge This Christmas
Don’t Bet on Hillary for 2016 Just Yet
Don’t Blame Climate Change for the California Drought
Don’t Buy the Hype, Go Ahead and Shop: The truth behind Black Friday's so-called 'protests'
Don’t Celebrate Eric Holder’s Pending Departure
Don’t Destroy This Family [Germany persecutes homeschoolers, with assist from Obama]
Don’t Get Them Angry. You Wouldn’t Want to See Them Angry.
Don’t Go There, Buddy!
Don’t Let USPS Hit ‘Easy Button’ to Privatization
Don’t Look Down On Me, Ms. Feminist. I’m Not Sorry For My Choices, Either.
Don’t Mess With Poland: Warsaw’s military may be the only thing standing between Putin and Europe
Don’t Tread On Bossy
Don’t Trust the ‘Shysters’ Who Say They Want to Defeat ‘Establishment Republicans’ (Ann Coulter)
Don’t Try This at Home: Swedish Hunter Opens Beer With a Shotgun
Don’t be fooled into mortgaging your home to buy stocks
Don’t cancel sale of Apaches to Egypt, Israel urges U.S.
Don’t expect Ukraine to end up divided
Don’t fall for this Pope Francis hoax: 5 things to know and share
Don’t make your kids kiss granny: Outcry as sex education chiefs say a high-five or wave…
Don’t ‘shoot’ the messenger: Inside the educrats’ war on words
Doom: Obama’s approval hits new low, congressional Dems in trouble in new Quinnipiac poll
Doomed (FL370) Airliner Pilot Was Political Fanatic
Doomed Beyond All Hope of Redemption (From November 2012)
Doomed Blond Bombshell Not Really Included Billy Bob Thornton Directs ‘Jayne Mansfield’s Car’
Doomsday Clock Set at 5 'Til Midnight (everyone can relax)
Doomsday Prepper arrested on weapons charges
Doomsday preacher Harold Camping dies at 92
Doris Day on Turning 90: 'I've Had an Amazing Life!'
Doris Day to Mark 90th Birthday With Auction to Benefit Animals
Dosvedanie to All That{US ambassador to Russia on freedom, security, Putin wanted Obama in Sochi}
Dot -Marie Jones of 'Glee' weds [Uh, no...it isn't a marriage if there are two females....]
Douala-Djibouti Corridor-France is enabling bloc of non-Islamist, liberal democracies in Africa
Double Trouble: The Leftist Threat and the Islamist Threat
Double-dipping? TX lawmakers receive state retirement payments while serving in Congress (Cornyn)
Doubts over Common Core
Doughnut Rambo: Cambodian refugee finds success, friendship in Las Vegas
Doughnut shop in YMCA won't sell doughnuts
Dow Futures way down all of a sudden
Dow drops over 200 points after US factory data disappoints
Dow tumbles 300 points on weak data
Dow, S&P end at record highs after Fed's stimulus cut
Down Syndrome Researcher’s Sainthood Cause a 'Witness to Life'
Down Syndrome: A Year of Grief and Joy
Down The Memory Hole
Down the Times’ Benghazi Rabbit Hole
Downgraded: Insurance Companies Taste Wrath of ObamaCare
Downsize the Military, Downsize the Dollar? - vanity
Downton Abbey Facebook recap
Downton Abbey Season 4 Premieres Tomorrow Night (2 Hour Opener)
Downton Abbey's Pro-Life Message
Downton Abbey’ recap: The season finale
Downtown Detroit hit by massive sinkhole
Downtown Duluth store’s ‘Black Sale’ offends MLK Day marchers
Downvote Fairy (vanity)
Downworthy A browser plugin to turn hyperbolic viral headlines into what they really mean (SOTU?)
Dozens Injured Throwing Boiling Water Into Winter Air
Dozens Laid Off at Al Jazeera America
Dozens Of Dead Dogs Exposed By Melting Snow At Sprawling Detroit Park
Dozens Protest ‘Slave Wages’ For Fast-Food Workers In Metro Detroit
Dozens arrested at Massachusetts ‘Blarney Blowout’ (UMass Amherst campus)
Dozens more implicated in nuke cheat probe
Dozens of Russian Diplomats Charged With Defrauding Medicaid
Dozens of Trade-Offs in $1.1 Trillion Budget Bill (in other words, taxpayers are screwed ... again)
Dozens of Vehicles Involved In Chain of Crashes on Ice-Coated Pa. Turnpike
Dozens of students killed in Nigerian school
Dozens of workers strike outside Downtown fast-food locations
Dr Barbara Bellar sums up Obamacare in one sentence
Dr Shakeel Afridi lawyer flees away from Pakistan because of security concern
Dr Who Christmas Special - Farewell to Matt Smith 9pm EST BBC America
Dr. Annette Bosworth on the Issues [Republican Running for Senate in South Dakota]
Dr. Arnn’s ‘Constitution Minute’
Dr. Ben Carson Against Gun Registration: We 'Should Be Really Concerned' About Martial Law
Dr. Ben Carson Blasts 'Gestapo' IRS Tactics
Dr. Ben Carson at CPAC: "I will continue to defy the P.C. police" [Marriage]
Dr. Ben Carson: First, Stop the Train -- Conservatives need to stop squabbling
Dr. David Jeremiah's historical revisionism
Dr. Eric Topol Wireless Med (the future of better and cheaper healthcare)
Dr. James Hilty is the local expert – Who were the best and the worst presidents of the U.S.?
Dr. Milton Wolf for Senate
Dr. Milton Wolf’s Campaign Continues to Build Grassroots Momentum
Dr. Pangloss, Free Trader
Dr. V’s Magical Putter
Dr. Yeong E. Kim to Consult Cyclone Power Technologies on LENR
DrJohn’s LawEdit
Draconian Traffic Fee Law Moving Toward The Chopping Block
Drag a Hundred Dollar Bill through a School of Journalism
Drag queens, kings to strut their stuff with Mummers
Drag show scheduled for Jesuit Le Moyne College
Drake Bell supports petition to have Justin Bieber deported
Dramatic Little Known GOP Rule Change Takes Choice Of Presidential Candidate Away From Rank And File
Dramatic times for Catholic Dogma on Marriage
Drawdown eases pressure on Columbia (River) dam crack
Drawing shows why congressional R's have consistently lower ratings than congressional Dems
Dream-Team Smackdown! Pirro & Gowdy Trash Feckless Congress
Dreaming of 'President Ted Cruz' will turn into a nightmare for the GOP
Drilling More Holes in Obamacare’s Sinking Ship
Drilling Rigs are Moving at a Furious Pace – A Look At The Boom in Maps
Drilling efficiency gushing in Marcellus Shale
Drilling rig market finally improving in U.S., Nabors CEO says
Drilling under Pennsylvania park could reap millions
Drilling, Fracking Efficiency Fuels Oil and Gas Boom
Drink driving teen who killed four is spared jail 'because he's rich':
Drink makers giving people ways to ditch the can (Coca-Cola vs. SodaStream: aha)
Drinking Alcohol Doesn't Actually Kill Brain Cells
Drinking yourself into anesthetized state ‘is now socially acceptable’: NHS boss says…(UK)
Drive Free
Drive-Bys Fret Over Obama Incompetence
Drive-Bys Who Condemned Bush for "Hubris" Celebrate Obama's "Victory Lap"
Driver Crashes Maserati Into Yard, Leaves Car (Left Maserati)
Driver Fired After Brawl With HS Student While Bus Was In Motion (video)
Driver Gary Bettenhausen dies at 72
Driver Jailed After Taking Nickel's Worth of Electricity
Driver Loses Hand in Jeep Explosion in Spokane
Driver Ticketed for Google Glass Found Not Guilty
Driver accused of letting students smoke pot on school bus
Driver indicted after illegal immigrant died in Oklahoma wreck
Drone Camera Corrects CNN Español Report on Caracas Demonstrations
Drone use highlights questions for journalists
Drones will cause an upheaval of society like we haven’t seen in 700 years
Drop Dropbox [liberal fascism alert]
Dropping Like Flies: Third House Dem in Three Days Calls it Quits
Drought May Be Forcing Rabid Skunks Into Populated Areas
Drought Wars: Where did the farm water go?
Drought be dammed, Calif. lawmakers look to storing water
Drought: Feds cut water to Central Valley farmers to zero [California Democrats don't give a dam]
Drowning Man Prepares To Sue His Rescuers
Drudge Exposes Another ObamaCare Lie, Pays 'Liberty Tax'
Drudge Mocks Global Warming Psychos With Multitude of Headlines About Severe Cold
Drudge Report Down
Drudge Report Readers Choose Rand Paul, Ted Cruz in 2016 Presidential Poll
Drudge Report Republican Presidential Poll on Front Page (Ted Cruz needs your help!)
Drudge Report: Hillary Clinton 2016 - She Makes It Official?
Drudge readers surprise GOP elite for prez
Drudge's 'Liberty Tax' Proves How Little White House, Left Know About Business
Drug Agent Joins Budding Industry
Drug Rationing for Seniors Begins
Drug companies accused of holding back complete information on clinical trials (UK Tamiflu)
Drug dealer begs for jail to escape nagging wife
Drug dealer slain after bragging about $125K stop-frisk court win
Drug dealer slain after bragging about $125K stop-frisk court win {New York City}
Drug dealer who spent millions on luxury cars, watches and lavish getaways jailed for 25 years
Drug dealers didn't kill Philip Seymour Hoffman -- Hoffman did
Drug may help feline fans with allergies own cats [w/video]
Drug trade too lucrative to kill
Drug-Cost Surprises Lurk Inside New Health Plans
Drugs Contamination In Tap Drinking Water
Drugs R Us
Drugs found on Maersk Alabama where 2 ex-Navy SEALs died
Drugs on Maersk Ship Where 2 Ex-SEALs Died
Drummer Ricky Lawson, 59, dies after aneurism
Drunk Lottery Winner Flushes £330,000 Win Down the TOILET So No One Else Can Have It
Drunk Mormons accused of random bashing of man on Surfers Paradise street [Lds play knockout 'game']
Drunken beatings & threats w/ a knife: Obama's half-brother writes on horrors of president's father
Du Pont heir convicted of raping daughter spared prison
Dubai Plans to Start Drone Deliveries Within the Year
Dubai retailer Al Futtaim to invest $2.3bn in Egypt
Dubai-Based Indian Groom's Wedding Called Off Over 'Wrong' Biryani
Dublin archbishop responds to gay ‘marriage’ debate suggesting gay civil registrations
Duck Commander Sponsor: We're Cool With Phil's Anti-Gay Comments (consider the source)
Duck Commander now NASCAR title sponsor at Texas Motor Speedway
Duck Dynasty Christmas Special Scores Nearly 9 Million Viewers
Duck Dynasty Clan Starts Line of Guns
Duck Dynasty Coming to College Football as Duck Commander Buys Bowl Name Rights
Duck Dynasty Drama Continues
Duck Dynasty Sparks Christmas Dinner Food Fight in Westfield
Duck Dynasty Star Ducks Barbara Walters Interview--to Go Hunting
Duck Dynasty Stars Surprise 10-Year-Old in a Warehouse – Reunite Him with His Military Dad
Duck Dynasty Uncle Si: America Doesn't Need Gun Control, It Needs 'Sin Control' (Video)
Duck Dynasty and a Free Society
Duck Dynasty and the GQ Interview of Phil Robertson: Rejecting Political Correctness
Duck Dynasty and the Reasons It’s Time to End It
Duck Dynasty baffles New York
Duck Dynasty clan may quit the show after patriarch’s ‘hiatus’
Duck Dynasty eye for the straight guy
Duck Dynasty fallout: GLAAD reeling from biggest backlash in years, says rep
Duck Dynasty is a retail powerhouse
Duck Dynasty saga exposes bigotry and hypocrisy
Duck Dynasty star refuses to back down on ‘anti-gay’ remarks
Duck Dynasty star ‘sounds like Pope Francis’: Newt joins conservative army backing Phil Robertson
Duck Dynasty to Public: ‘We Are Trayvon, Too’ (Very misleading headline)
Duck Dynasty vs Wolf of Wallstreet (Saturbray)
Duck Dynasty's $400m empire booms despite gay sex row: Walmart SELLS OUT of show merchandise...
Duck Dynasty's $400m empire flourishes despite homophobia racism scandal as fans floc
Duck Dynasty's Missy Robertson Launches Clothing Line
Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson Tells The Truth About Homosexuality
Duck Dynasty's Phil Robertson shows what's wrong with conservatives
Duck Dynasty's Willie Robertson attending Obama's State of the Union
Duck Dynasty's Willie Robertson to Attend Obama's SOTU
Duck Dynasty's Willie and Korie Robertson Star in New Movie, 'God's Not Dead' (Video)
Duck Dynasty, Gay Activism, and the Clash of Two Cultures
Duck Dynasty: Can’t imagine show going on without Phil
Duck Dynasty: Freedom of speech vs. intolerance
Duck Dynasty: I Wish Gays Would Stop Being So Gay About Speech That Offends
Duck Dynasty: The Show That Got Away
Duck Dynasty: The third rail of contemporary culture
Duck Dynasty: We’re Proud To Be ‘Religious’ People
Duck Dynasty’ Debacle Has TV Industry Abuzz As A&E Charts New Territory
Duck Dynasty’s Patriarch: A Voice Crying in the Wilderness
Duck Dynasty’s Willie and Korie Robertson Take the High Road in New Year’s Eve Interview (Video)
Duck Hunt: CNN Fabricates New Phil Robertson Controversy
Duck Off
Duck Patriarch: Man-Man Sex ‘Not Logical'; CDC: ‘Anal Sex is the Highest Risk Sexual Behavior’
Duck Punt: How Phil Robertson found stardom after giving up football
Duck Soup – Left-Wing Hypocrisy Against Phil Robertson & Christianity, Not Islam
Duck flap: Truth is 'hate' to those who hate Truth
Duck the Halls: Duck Dynasty Christmas Album Zooms Up Charts
DuckDynasty launch line of guns as Phil hatches plot to move his family to rival TV network...
Duckhorn files lawsuit over Duck Dynasty wines
Ducking Tolerance
Ducking from the Truth - The 'Gay Agenda' v. Liberty
Ducks Down: Truth Not Welcome in PajamaBoy America
Ducks Triumph at Dodger Stadium as Volleyballs and Frisbees Fly
Dude Tries To Knock Woman Out But Ends Up Getting Rocked By Her And Her Boyfriend In Las Vegas!
Dude, "It's Going To Be A Bloodbath": Newly Private Dell Computers To Fire 15,000
Dude, Where's My $500 Million of Obamacare Ads?
Duey Stroebel announces run for Tom Petri congressional seat
Duey Stroebel to Make Announcement by April 7th on Challenging Petri
Duke Energy completes plugging of pipe to halt release to Dan River .
Duke Freshman Claims Making Porn Empowers, Fulfills Her
Duke University: 44% of U.S. firms consider cutting health care to current workers
Duke porn star Belle Knox: Rough sex empowering
Dukeghazi fallout: Mitch McConnell cancels on Matt Jones, gets ribbed by Jimmy Fallon
Duluth’s December was 3rd snowiest, 7th coldest
Duma Speaker calls referendum in Crimea historic event for Russia
Dumb Politicians Won't Get Elected
Dumb, dumber and dumbest: Three friends ALL done for DUI after systematically calling each other ...
Dumbed-Down Common Core
Dumbing Down the SAT: Accusing a test of racism is no remedy for a failing education system.
Dummy Dennis Rodman on his BBF's Dictatorship, Death Camps, and Executions-by-Dog: "NOT MY JOB!"
Dumping Irrationality as a National Strategy
Duncan calls for gun control measures (Education secretary)
Dupes for the Dictatorship
Durbin Criticizes Free Enterprise: ´Created Unfairness and Injustice´
Durbin Statement on New Job Openings for Thomson Prison
Durbin: GOP presidential ambitions and Tea Party challengers imperil budget deal
Durham Public Schools seeks input on reducing suspensions
Dust storms cloud Iran’s future
Dutch BDS (Boycott, Divestment & Sanctions) Twitter Account Using Image of Anne Frank in Keffiyeh
Dutch Reporter Gives Best Interview Ever – Video
Dutch Speed Skating Coach Slams ‘Foolish’ American Football on CNBC
Dutch Welfare Recipient and Jihadi Poses With Five Severed Heads in Syria
Dutch bishops tell Pope the Church is collapsing as they face hundreds of closures
Dutch euthanasia minister, 81, found dead in mysterious circumstances in her garage
Dutch firm building a house with a giant 3D printer
Dutch pension fund pulls out of Israeli banks
Dutch politician puts case for Europe exit (Geert Wilders)
Dutch prostitutes demand same pension perks as footballers (Real story....dear God!)
Dutch soccer team heads to Abu Dhabi without Israeli player
Dwarf planet discovery hints at a hidden Super Earth in solar system
Dwayne Stovall Earns Endorsement (Cornyn opponent)
Dwayne Stovall Highlights Senator John Cornyn’s Obamacare Votes
Dwayne Stovall Vows to Vote No And Filibuster Every Federal Debt Increase (Cornyn Opponent)
Dwayne Stovall for US Senate
Dwyane Wade Has An Incredibly Elaborate Birthday Party On A Yacht
Dwyane Wade engaged to longtime girlfriend Gabrielle Union [Miami Media swoons]
Dying Dad Walks 11-Year-Old Daughter Down 'Aisle' in Heartbreaking Ceremony
Dying Girl's Christmas Wish Granted by 10,000 Carolers
Dying Man Takes Final Ice-Fishing Trip With His Brother
Dying Zoo Worker Gets Goodbye Kiss From Giraffe
Dylan Farrow about Woody Allen: ‘Nothing he says or writes can change the truth’ (Reply to Allen)
Dylan Farrow’s brother: She wasn’t abused [Woody Allen]
D’Souza Producer: “I Never Feared My Gov’t Until Now”
E-Bomb: The Electronic Weapon That Can Make a Plane “Disappear”
E-Cigarette Ban: No Facts, No Logic, No Problem
E-Cigarettes - Public Health Crisis Or Smoker's Friend
E-cigarette poisoning cases increasing among children in St. Louis
E-cigarette rule coming 'very soon,' U.S. FDA chief says
E-cigarettes reignite tobacco wars
E.F.A. NAMES FEBRUARY 1ST 'INTERNATIONAL ZOOPHILE-RIGHTS / BESTIALITY-RIGHTS DAY!!!'
E.J. Dionne’s ‘Stand Your Ground’ Fantasies
E.N. Tsyganov on LENR
EBONY Magazine Staffer Jamilah Lemieux racially attacks RNC Raffi Williams
EBT fraud suspect jailed after flouting GPS condition
EBay considering accepting bitcoin as payment
EDH TP President Steve Ferry debates Liberal at Oak Ridge HS
EDITORIAL: 20/20 hindsight at World Vision
EDITORIAL: Another sore loser (Republicans look to blow a chance to take Virginia’s Senate)
EDITORIAL: Debt-ceiling vote couldn't be avoided (Defends Cornyn)
EDITORIAL: Gillespie gaining on Warner in Senate race in Va.
EDITORIAL: Silencing the political opposition
EDITORIAL: The Potemkin website The Obamacare facade is beginning to crumble
EDITORIAL: The art of stealing elections
EIA projects record natural gas storage injection in 2014 to boost stocks from 11-year low
EIA: Global oil demand to rise 1.2 million b/d in 2014
EIA: Major economies, except the US, to import more oil, gas
EIB Caller Angers New Black Panthers
EIGHT LIES IN PRESIDENT OBAMA’S ROE STATEMENT
EISENHOWER NAMED COMMANDER FOR INVASION; 3,000 PLANES SMASH FRENCH COAST; BERLIN HIT (12/25/43)
EL-ERIAN: The State Of 'The New Normal' (Devastating)
ELECTION 2014: New poll shows Graham below 50 percent needed to avoid runoff
ELENOR PARKER GONE...
ELLIOT IN THE MORNING MOVES TO WOR AS PART OF STATION REVAMP (new Rush, Sean home in NY)
EMAIL: IRS planned secret new rules to justify targeting tea party groups two years ago
EMPIRE STATE GUN OWNERS BRACING FOR CUOMO’S CONFISCATION SCHEME
EMS responses delayed by George Washington Bridge lane closures in Fort Lee
ENOUGH IS ENOUGH
EPA Administrator Says Coal Rules Necessary Because of ‘Devastating Impacts on the Planet’
EPA Administrator to Scientists: “Speak the Truth” on Climate Change to Meet Obama’s “Needs”
EPA Administrator: We ‘Look at Climate Change As Something Where We… Can Grow Jobs’
EPA Budget Focus: GHG Trumps More-Serious Environmental Issues
EPA Bureaucrats Paint the Town Red with Federal Charge Cards
EPA Decree Shrinks Size of Wyoming by a Million Acres
EPA Decree Shrinks Size of Wyoming by a Million Acres -
EPA Justifies Experiments
EPA Officials Obstructed Fraud Investigation
EPA Proposes Burdensome Regulations On Wood Stoves
EPA Proposes Huge Land Grab
EPA Pushes Gun Control Through Green Ammo Mandate
EPA Starts Process That Could Restrict Pebble Mine
EPA Strikes Again: This Would Be Funny If It Wasn’t True! (Guest Post)
EPA Trying to Seize 1 Million Acres from State of Wyoming (vanity)
EPA Unveils ‘Largest Expansion’ of ‘Authority to Regulate Private Property’
EPA Veteran Who Bilked Agency of $900K by Claiming Work for CIA Gets Prison
EPA Voids 1905 Law, Cedes Town to Tribe
EPA agents raid ammunition company on alleged ‘environmental violations’
EPA and Environmental Groups - Working Together to Kill Keystone Pipeline
EPA chief unable to say if the world has gotten warmer
EPA coal rules leaving US vulnerable to power blackouts?
EPA declares Islamists an endangered species [Caution: Satire attempted]
EPA employees used government credit cards for gym memberships, gift cards, meals and even
EPA finalizes Tier 3 motor fuel, other requirements
EPA land grab? Agency claims authority over more streams, wetlands
EPA overrides Congress, hands over town to Indian tribes
EPA proposes restrictions for new wood stoves
EPA restricts sulfur in gasoline to help cut auto emissions
EPA seeks tougher safety standards for farmworkers
EPA set to strike key blow against coal?
EPA warned of ex-official’s illegal salary, bonuses in 2010, watchdog report says
EPA's New Clean Coal Rule Would Increase Power Prices by 70 to 80 Percent
EPA's Wood-Burning Stove Ban Has Chilling Consequences For Many Rural People
EPA, the Enforcer of Federal Pollution Control Laws
EPArmory, Aries Armor, BATFE Raid and 80% Lowers
EPA’s Climate Regulations Will Harm American Manufacturing
EPIC POLICE FAIL: You won’t believe L.A. cops are getting away with this mistake
ER Visit Last Night
ERICK WYATT WITHDRAWS FROM U.S. SENATE RACE (against Cornyn, endorses Linda Vega)
ERs seeing overcrowding as more patients covered by Medicaid
ESPN Rat Bracket Goes 15-1 on 1st Full Day of NCAA Tournament
ESPN Senior Writer: 'Duck Dynasty' Patriarch 'Racist or Dumb,' 'Disgrace to the South'
ESPN reverses decision to ban Catholic hospital's Christmas ad
ESPN's Keith Olbermann argues with 13-year-old girl on Twitter
ESPN's Pajama Boy Attempts to Redefine Masculinity
ESPN's SportsCenter goes wall to wall with Mandela coverage...Huh?!
ESPN: Bucs hire former Bears Coach Lovie Smith as Head Coach
ESPN: Houston Texans hire Bill O'Brien as Headcoach
ET phone Earth? Light on Saturn's large moon Titan likely waves, scientists say
EU Dangles 'Unprecedented' Aid Package for Israel-PA Deal
EU Leaders Set to Modestly Step Up Russia Sanctions
EU Official Warns Israel Over Planned Construction
EU Threatens Action Against Israel and PA if Talks Fail
EU anti-corruption report stops short of ‘naming and shaming’
EU bids to end US dominance in internet control
EU brewers want ‘unfair’ beer tax removed through TTIP (free trade agreement w/US)
EU commissioner’s nerves “snap” on Ukraine
EU court grants welfare rights to same-sex partners
EU ditches plan to regulate on shale gas
EU gives green light for military force for CAR (Central African Republic)
EU halts research, educational talks with Switzerland (the bullying starts)
EU has ‘no corruption-free zone’
EU hosts majority of ‘notorious’ pirate websites
EU leadership approval ratings tumble to all-time low
EU makes carbon pollution more expensive
EU membership… bringing grief, hassle and costing you money since 1973
EU merges milk and fruit school scheme to combat child obesity
EU mulls response to Ukraine crisis
EU nations agree on rules to fight tax evasion (tax avoidance actually)
EU officials seek new powers to protect rule of law
EU openly blames Russia for failure to get landmark deal with Ukraine
EU parliament chief: Israeli policies have no impact on European anti-Semitism (They just hate Jews)
EU pays salaries of phantom workers in Palestine
EU penpushers take THREE TIMES the sick days of British workers: Figures show…
EU power shifts from Brussels to Berlin
EU set to help Ukraine pay gas bills: Oettinger
EU to Georgia: Gay Marriage Not a Requirement for Integration
EU vs. Moscow: Russia Tries to Woo Back Moldova
EU-Canada free trade deal ‘opens door to environmental lawsuits’
EU-U.S. trade talks face growing hostility, ministers warn
EU-wide corruption report drops chapter on EU institutions
EU’s Reding warns Brexit would isolate London’s City
EU’s top diplomat agrees to landmark Iran visit
EWTN adds Lenten scripture challenge to app
EWTN to Run TV Series About the Glory of the Latin Mass
EWTN: Faithful Reflections on 'Son of God' (movie)
EX-OFFICIAL SAYS FBI CAN SECRETLY ACTIVATE AN INDIVIDUAL’S WEBCAM WITHOUT THE INDICATOR LIGHT...
EXCLUSIVE - 'Hung out to dry': Duck Dynasty star and family hit out at A&E (truncated title)
EXCLUSIVE - TED CRUZ: HOUSE GOP'S AMNESTY PUSH WILL RUIN HOPES OF RETAKING SENATE
EXCLUSIVE -- RAND PAUL: AMERICANS TRADING LIBERTY FOR FALSE SECURITY
EXCLUSIVE -- Tea Party Patriots Founder Jenny Beth Martin on Budget: This Is Why We Have Primaries
EXCLUSIVE FOOTAGE: IDF soldiers board the Klos-C
EXCLUSIVE emails: J.J. Redick badgered girlfriend after abortion, used racial slurs
EXCLUSIVE – Duck Dynasty’s Phil Robertson breaks his silence...
EXCLUSIVE – Duck Dynasty’s Phil Robertson breaks his silence: Reality show star says he’s 'a
EXCLUSIVE — Ex-WPTV Weatherman Settling in Everglades State Prison [Had Sex with Boys]
EXCLUSIVE — PALIN CALLS FOR BOYCOTT AFTER BUZZFEED HIT PIECE ON TRUMP
EXCLUSIVE--Tammy Bruce: War on Boys Attempt to 'Create Society of Frightened People
EXCLUSIVE: 2 survivors in Molokai plane crash speak out
EXCLUSIVE: Bama Sugar Bowl mom ‘sorry’ but would ‘do it again if I had to’
EXCLUSIVE: DHS official Marrone used private eye to find dirt on Rendell to undercut Pa. race
EXCLUSIVE: FBI blocked in corruption probe involving Sens. Reid, Lee
EXCLUSIVE: Former NSA Employee Speaks Out About its Corruption
EXCLUSIVE: Former NSA employee speaks out on its corruption
EXCLUSIVE: MICHELLE OBAMA’S TELL-ALL SHOCKERS (National Enquirer)
EXCLUSIVE: MICHELLE WALKS OUT AS OBAMA DIVORCE BATTLE EXPLODES! (taxpayer funded trips)
EXCLUSIVE: Maps and Data Show Possible Location of Malaysian Airlines Flight 370
EXCLUSIVE: Martin Bashir, out at MSNBC over Palin slur, was previously suspended
EXCLUSIVE: Mob of teens attack man in downtown Cleveland
EXCLUSIVE: National clown shortage may be approaching, trade organizations fear
EXCLUSIVE: New Homeland official was key figure in Pennsylvania corruption case
EXCLUSIVE: Okla. man almost dies in police custody
EXCLUSIVE: O’KEEFE BUSTS ILLEGAL VOTER SCHEME TO ‘TURN TEXAS BLUE’
EXCLUSIVE: Politico Tries to Manipulate Hannity Comment on Michael Savage
EXCLUSIVE: Pro-life teen defiant after alleged attack by feminist professor
EXCLUSIVE: Republicans set to deliver big statement on abortion
EXCLUSIVE: SESSIONS ARMS HOUSE REPUBLICANS AGAINST BOEHNER IMMIGRATION PUSH
EXCLUSIVE: The Religious Freedom Case You May Not Have Heard About [Involving Fox Sports]
EXCLUSIVE: Willie Nelson on same-sex marriage
EXCLUSIVE—BRENT BOZELL TO CANTOR: ATTEND ANTI-CONSERVATIVE FLORIDA SUMMIT AT YOUR OWN PERIL
EXCLUSIVE—MITCH MCCONNELL: OBAMA, IRS FIGHT TO KEEP CONSERVATIVE NONPROFITS FROM FORMING
EXPEDIENCY OVER PRINCIPLE (Arizona)
EXPLAINED: Why Texas will Secede from Union
EXPLOSION AT MINNESOTA GROCER AND MOSQUE – 13 injured (Video)
EXPLOSIVE REPORT: Stolen Passports Used BEFORE
Eagan: Marching orders don’t come from top
Eagan: Marty’s advice unfair to women
Eagan: Young women key to street peace
Eager Republicans rush for the grassroots
Eagle Ford Production to Keep Growing Through 2014
Eagle Ford crude prompts upgrades at Valero’s Texas refineries
Eagle Ford job fairs: Get your resumes ready
Eagle Ford production increasingly targets oil-rich areas
Eagle Forum Endorses Sam Clovis (Iowa Senate)
Eagle Forum and Phyllis Schlafly Endorse Rob Maness
Eagle Scout. Idealist. Drug Trafficker?
Eagle-killing rule almost done (Hussein regime gives wind farms a 30-year pass)
Eagles Mere [PA]Ice Toboggan Slide Is Back!
Eagles Will Honor Former Cheerleader-Turned-Army Intelligence Officer
Eagles will honor former cheerleader-turned-Army intelligence officer
Earliest Evidence of Gigantism-Like Disease Found in 3,800-Year-Old California Skeleton
Earliest Subzero Temps Since ’95; More Bitter Cold And Snow Coming
Early Christians Believed that Canonical Books were Self-Authenticating. (Part 10/10)
Early Drug Claims Suggest Exchange Plan Enrollees Are Sicker Than Average
Early NASA diapers forced astronauts to disclose the size of their manhood
Early Odds and Weather Super Bowl XLVIII
Early Voting Starts February 18th in March 4th Primary Elections (Texas - Vote against Cornyn!)
Early Warning: The Continuing Need for National Defense
Early days of Obamacare bring trickle, not flood, of patients
Early ice causing probs on Lake Michigan - earnest Icebreaking; New Year's Eve cruise canceled
Early voting begins Tuesday (Feb. 18, 2014) -- TEXAS primaries
Early&Record Frigid Winter.The Left And Al Roker Have A Lot Of Explaining To Do !
Earth is Safe From 'Global Warming' Say the Men Who Put Man on the Moon
Earth to purists: Give me an imperfect Republican over a 'perfect' Democrat any day
Earthquake 5.8 Violently Hits Turkey Egypt and Cyprus
Earthquake Central SC, felt from Lexington to Elgin
Earthquake in Augusta (Vanity)
Earthquake in California La Habra they say
Earthquake off of Eureka, California 6.9
Earthquake: 4.1 quake strikes near Rowland Heights; felt over wide area
Earth’s Water Story Gets A Plot Twist From Space Rock Search
Earth’s Weather Visualized
Earwax may reveal clues about a person’s identity and habits [Even if you're homosexual]
East Bay high school nixes plan to honor black history with fried chicken, watermelon
East China fleet gets new destroyer Zhengzhou
East Haven police report, activists differ on man facing deportation
East Haven woman targeted by scammer who claimed he was going to shoot her brother
East Moapa Valley, Mormon Mesa Restricted By BLM
East Palo Alto: Star-studded task force backs pro-immigration policy
East of Egan: Success in California is Not Evenly Distributed(Browns BS exposed)
Easter Conversion ‘Boom’?
Eastern Europe is Pleading for American Made Energy
Eastern Europe’s Christian Reawakening
Eastern Orthodox Churches to Hold Pan-Orthodox Council in 2016
Eastern Promises (How Two Small, Post-Soviet States Could Wind up the Real Winners in the Crisis)
Eastern Ukraine erupts. Should we be surprised?
Eastside Catholic President Resigns Amid Uproar Over Firing
Eastside Catholic president resigns [Seattle Area]
Easy Doesn't Do It
Easy Rider; Jack Nicholson's Freedom Speech
Easy Smears of Political Opponents: An Example
Eat More Venison: The Deer Meat Diet
Eat Your Own Words, Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Eatery Chain ‘Hot Dog On A Stick’ Files For Chapter 11 Bankruptcy
Eating to Live Not Living to Eat
Eats Beat: Pizza-Scented Perfume
Ebola 'a regional threat' as contagion hits Guinea capital
Ebola Haemorrhagic Fever, Guinea (Situation as of 30 March 2014)
Ebola Spread to Guinea's Capital Raises Fears
Ebola epidemic reaches Guinea capital, UNICEF says
Ebony editor assumes RNC staffer Raffi Williams is a ‘white dude,’ tells him to shut up
Ebony magazine staffer tweets racial insults at black conservative
Echoes of 1919
Echoes of Clinton in Social Democrats' welfare reform bid
Echoes of Edward R. Murrow in Sharyl Attkisson's departure from CBS News
Eco-fascist bullying
Eco-saboteur Rebecca Rubin gets 5-year federal prison sentence
Eco-warriors stranded in the Antarctic! It’s too good to be true (Mark Steyn)
Economic Expert Hunter Lewis: We Are in a Depression!
Economic Freedom Fuels Drive From Food stamps To Facebook
Economic Mobility Tied to Family Structure
Economic Reality and the Minimum Wage
Economic concerns and war fatigue drive US foreign policy attitudes
Economics 101: Minimum Wage Kills Jobs
Economics vs. Engineering [food for thought]
Economist Sums Things Up With Putin Riding Shirtless On A Tank (New World Order)
Economist Warns of Collapse Risk: “Will Not Allow Life to Continue As We Know It”
Economist: Transport causing ‘serious logistical challenge’ for shale boom
Economists Toast 20 Years Of NAFTA; Critics Sit Out The Party
Economists agree: Obamacare creates more government dependence
Economy Better, but Still Growing Too Slowly Because of Anti-Growth Policy
Economy Drags on Obama's Approval Ratings but Don’t Look for Changes in Washington
Economy and Crime Spur New Puerto Rican Exodus
Ecuadorian General fought terrorists, jailed in US after seeking asylum. No due process, No bueno
Ecuadorian Navy Airlifts Jeff Bezos From Cruise Ship Following Kidney Stone Attack
Ecumenical Patriarch says no to Hagia Sophia as a mosque, yes to Christian worship
Ecumenism a 'spiritual process' rooted in the Trinity, Pope says [Christian Caucus]
Ecumenism with Orthodox is near to Pope's heart, cardinal says
Ed FitzGerald turns his back on Catholic upbringing with running mate choice
Ed Gillespie Announces U.S. Senate Run in Virginia
Ed Gillespie's Senate Bid Isn't As Crazy As It Seems
Ed Gillespie: Making Virginia’s Senator Mark Warner sweat
Ed Rendell: Obamacare Like Manna From Heaven!
Ed Schultz Lashes Out at Liberals for ‘Income Envy’
Ed Schultz on 2016 Race: Hillary Has All But Won - and Cheney Will Run
Ed Schultz: We’re gonna’ need some Vietnam-sized protests
Ed Schultz: employee-stiffing, tax-dodging man of the people
Eddie Long Settles With Megachurch Members in Lawsuit Linked to Alleged Ponzi Investor Ephren Taylor
Edison Bulb Ban Means Lights Out On Freedom: Importing 40 & 60 Watt incandescents illegal in 2014
Editor of ISI College Guide Explains Why Gonzaga Was Dropped
Editorial board: Enzi, now is your time (Mike, please go back to voting with the democrats!)
Editorial: Cornyn earns third term (Another glowing LSM endorsement...)
Editorial: How to make the most of this opening on immigration reform (Cornyn Loves Amnesty)
Editorial: The IRS targets political speech again
Editorial: The Sound of Silence
Editorial: We recommend Bush in GOP race for land commissioner ("minimally experienced")
Editorial: We recommend John Cornyn in GOP primary for the U.S. Senate (LSM Endorsement)
Educated Mainstream: The Bastion of Western anti-Semitism
Education Data = Fool’s Gold
Education Experts Blast DOJ's Apparent Call For Race-Based System Of Punishment Of Schoolkids
Education Inequalities! School Discipline Targeting Black Youth
Education Ministry Lets Teachers Peddle Politics
Education Savings Saves Students
Education advocacy groups give Fs to Cruz, Cornyn
Education gap for Latinos persists
Education influencing culture, or culture influencing education?
Education of a Nobel Laureate on Gun Control
Education: U.S. Spends More, Gets Less
Education: What a Wonderful World It Would Be
Education’s New Gettysburg Address
Edward Snowden Says He Reported N.S.A. Surveillance Concerns To Officials Before Leaks
Edward Snowden on NSA Leaks:‘ I Already Won’
Edward Snowden to give evidence to EU parliament, says MEP
Edward Snowden’s Alternative Christmas Message
Edward T. Oakes, R.I.P. [Ecumenical]
Edwin A. Shuman III, Former Prisoner of War Who Defied Hanoi Hilton Guards, Dies at 82
Edwin A. ‘Ned’ Shuman, Navy aviator and POW, dies at 82 (Hero of the Hanoi Hilton)
Eerie Rapatronic Nuclear Photographs:Taken Within 10 Nano-Seconds of Detonation
Effectively confronting the speech and religion Nazis
Effort To Ban Weaponization Of Drones Advances To Calif. Senate
Effort to build gay marriage support heads south
Efforts to curb unbridled growth that's killing the planet
Efforts to enroll young in ObamaCare heads to Air Jordan debuts, late-night haunts
Egads!
Egg sandwich suit against ex-Pa. Health Secretary Eli Avila ends with $75K deal
Eggstravaganza promises family fun on Saturday
Egypt & Russia: Cold War Alliances Revived
Egypt Bars Irish Nobel Peace Laureate (Code Pink Hamas-Aid Fail)
Egypt Creating Buffer Zone Along Gaza Border
Egypt Declares Muslim Brotherhood a Terrorist Group
Egypt Deports 100 Gaza-Bound Female Activists
Egypt Deports More Code Pink Pro-Hamas Agitators
Egypt Navy strikes €1 billion tentative agreement for 4 French corvettes: Report
Egypt arrests Al-Jazeera journalists
Egypt caught between Russia and Saudi Arabia
Egypt claims miracle cure for HIV and Hepatitis
Egypt court cuts sentences against Islamist women
Egypt court sentences 528 Morsi supporters to death
Egypt court sentences 529 Morsi supporters to death
Egypt declares Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group
Egypt ex-President Morsi defiant at jailbreak trial
Egypt interim government resigns unexpectedly
Egypt is no longer a US ally because America is in the wrong hands
Egypt military: Airstrikes kill 13 Sinai militants
Egypt names Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group
Egypt revolutionary singer stopped from performing
Egypt sentences 529 Muslim Brotherhood members to death
Egypt sets Feb. 16 as start date for a Morsi trial (2nd delay)
Egypt voters overwhelmingly approve constitution, gov't official
Egypt's Military Has Cured AIDS? Army announces 100% cure for AIDS and hepatitis C.
Egypt's Sisi paves way for presidential bid after resigning as minister
Egypt: Police officers acquitted of 2011 killings
Egypt: U.S. Embassy official in contact with Muslim Brotherhood arrested
Egyptian Arrested for ‘Loving Israel’
Egyptian Astrologer Warns: In 2014, Saturn Enters Sagittarius, Making Jews Stronger
Egyptian Convert to Christianity Arrested on ‘Bogus Charges'
Egyptian Intelligence Exposed Obama’s Administration Espionage Case With Muslim Brotherhood
Egyptian Islamists Murder Young Christian, After Dragging Her From Car
Egyptian Play Blames Mossad for Arab Spring
Egyptian editor backtracks after saying 'Americans will be killed in streets'
Egyptian rapper speaks for women’s rights
Egyptian reports highlight alleged Morsi-al-Qaida cooperation
Egyptians back constitution, opening way to Sisi presidential run
Egypt’s Morsi accused of leaking secrets to Iran
Eiffel Tower: 40 Fascinating Facts (Inaugurated March 31, 1889)
Eight Botched Environmental Forecasts
Eight Lies in President Obama's Roe Statement
Eight Ways to Opt Out of Obamacare
Eight die in attack on Xinjiang police station
Eight out of 10 businesses believe Macs are more reliable than Windows machines, claims new survey
Eighties icon Kelly LeBrock ‘charged with DUI for going DOUBLE the legal limit’
Either Kluwe Or Priefer Is A Liar
El Documentos Federalistas Completa
El Ninos Could Double as the Pacific Warms
Elderly Chinese man deployed six homemade CANNONS to stop his home being demolished without consent
Elderly New York couple die hours apart holding hands
Elderly Woman Waves at Students Every Day. Then She Got a... (Must watch)
Elderly Woman, Firefighters Hospitalized After Thousands Of Killer Bees Attack
Elderly couple kicked out of Va. McDonald's for sitting too long
Eleanor Parker, 91, Dies; Oscar Nominee Was in ‘Sound of Music’
Eleanor Roosevelt’s Passionate Love Letters To Lorena Hickok
Election 2014 GOP strategy memo: How Republicans can win big
Election 2014: Kentucky Senate - Rasmussen (McConnell in REAL trouble! Bevin LEADS Grimes!)
Election Day turnout lowest in over 50 years (DeBlasio in NYC last November)
Election Of Socialist Is Bad Omen For Free-Market Chile
Election Silence Day Begins In Crimea Before March 16 Secession Referendum)
Election officials expect Voter ID problems in Texas [Problems for Dead Voters]
Electric Car Owner Arrested For Stealing 5 Cents' Worth Of Power
Electric Cars & Solar: Will They Make Gasoline & Utilities Obsolete?
Electric Vehicle Battery Subsidy Failures Evident Early On
Electric cars can go only half as far in freezing weather, AAA finds
Electric wheels could save airlines billions of dollars in fuel expenses
Electrical workers’ union protests outside the Trolley Car Diner and Cafe
Electricity Competition In Texas, Illinois Brought Lower Prices
Electricity Price Index Soars to New Record at Start of 2014; U.S. Electricity Production Declining
Electricity Prices Soar As Government Regulation Surges
Elementary school children exposed to sex-themed games during UC-Berkeley visit
Elementary school’s alleged holiday party rules, including the ban of red and green, cause outrage
Elephant Shark Research Team Misses Creation Clues (article)
Elephants Painting Elephants - Suda... the Rembrandt of Painting
Elevating the Culture: Columbia U. Students Film Porn in Butler Library
Elevation Church 'Emotionally Manipulating' Thousands Into 'Spontaneous' Baptisms, Say Critics
Eleven Hate-Crime Hoaxes: Bogus baiting, retracted rape, and homophobic hokum.
Eleven Senate Democrats making a fresh push for a deadline on the Keystone XL pipeline
Eleven State Attorneys-General Bash Imperial WH Obamacare Diktats as 'Flatly Illegal'
Eleven attorneys general slam Obama healthcare fixes as illegal
Eleven dead in Japan after worst snowfall in decades hits capital
Elf lobby blocks Iceland road project
Elgin officials shocked by child porn investigation of ex-Rep. Farnham
Eli Lake Exclusive: U.S. Won’t Share Invasion Intel With Ukraine
Eli Manning’s attorneys ask for lawsuit dismissal
Eli and Giants created fake memorabilia: suit
Elian Gonzalez makes 1st trip abroad since 2000
Elian Gonzalez makes first trip outside Cuba since return from Miami
Elian Gonzalez slams U.S. embargo
Elijah Cummings "Phony Outbreak".What If It Was Allen West Grilling Lois Lerner?
Elijah Cummings accuses Darrell Issa of 'scuttling' chance to have Lois Lerner testify
Elijah Cummings misattributes Emerson quote to Mandela
Elijah Cummings owed IRS $30,000 in back taxes
Elijah Cummings: News Article Compilation from FR Archives
Elio Motors and the Three Wheeled Car - A Moonshot Project ($6800, 84 mpg)
Eliot Spitzer spends Christmas at gal pal’s family home
Eliot Spitzer's Company Spends $88 Million for Vacant Manhattan Property
Elite Insider Predicted Massive Crash in 2012: “Very Large Probability… Around March 4, 2014&#8243;
Elite special forces in danger of cracking as demand is ‘outpacing capacity’
Elitism, not liberalism, is the real problem
Elitist HHS Refuses To Comply With Congressional Subpoena Because ‘We Don’t Trust You!’
Elitist Rove Suffers After Tea Party Jihad
Elizabeth Hurley [allegedly] had 'year long affair with President Clinton'
Elizabeth Hurley denies 'ludicrously silly' claims she had year-long affair with Bill Clinton....
Elizabeth Warren Isn’t Running so Hillary Clinton Will Face No Dem Opposition in ’16
Elizabeth Warren's Crusade to Nationalize Payday Lending Squeezes Native American Tribes
Elizabeth Warren: Allow Post Office to Offer Checking Accounts, Small Loans
Elizabeth mom admitted assaulting 2-year-old who later died, police say
Elkhart Shooting Killer Obsessed With Serial Killers And Insane Clown Posse On Facebook
Ellen Sucks Up to Obama: Obamacare 'Doing Very, Very Well...
Ellen Sucks Up to Obama: Obamacare 'Doing Very, Very Well...Everyone's Very Grateful You Did This'
Ellmers Berates Constituents for Opposing Amnesty: 'You Don't Have Any Damn Facts!'
Ellmers Berates Constituents for Opposing Amnesty: You Don't Have Any Damn Facts!
Ellmers Calls In Pro-Amnesty Group For Rescue After On-Air Meltdown
Elton John rubbishes Vladimir Putin's claims he has 'gay friends'
Elton John, David Furnish Set Wedding Date [British Knighthood & Sodomy Celebrated]
Elusive Biblical Blue Found in Israel
Elusive numbers make it hard to grade state’s health coverage [WA]
Email shows effort to shield bin Laden photos
Email to IRS chief Lerner reveals new strategy to target Tea Party
Email: IRS's Lerner, Treasury Department secretly drafted new rules to restrict nonprofits
Email: IRS’s Lerner, Treasury Department secretly drafted new rules to restrict nonprofits
Emails Reveal Deceased Hedge Fund Manager Refused To Join Bill Gates’ "Worthless" Giving Pledge
Emails Reveal Obama Admin Shut Down WW II Memorial Knowing Vets Were Coming
Emails Show Extensive Collaboration Between EPA, Environmentalist Orgs
Emails Show Lois Lerner's Attorney Agreed She Would Give Testimony to House Oversight Committee
Emails expose close coordination between EPA, Sierra Club and other lib environ activist groups
Emails link top Christie aide to GWB lane-closing controversy
Emails show health officials stonewalled FoxNews.com inquiry on Sebelius fundraising
Emails: Obama administration misled Congress, decided to delay website in August
Emanuel announces appointments for grocery task force (Chicago)
Emanuel asks for time to write rules on gun sales in Chicago
Emanuel: I had 'contrary' views on Obamacare (Godfather: I had 'contrary' views)
Emarat Station Temporarily Shut After Water in Petrol Stalls 15 Cars
Embattled Democratic candidates promise to fix Obamacare
Embattled IRS official Lois Lerner’s husband’s law firm has strong Obama connections
Embattled IRS plans employee bonuses for 2013 work to ‘boost morale’
Embattled MNsure chief abruptly resigns
Embattled Pryor Invokes God, Bible in New Ad
Emboldening Tyrants
Embracing the Differences
Emergency and Disaster Information Service
Emergency brake failed to stop Chicago train
Emerging consensus that LBJ killed JFK?
Emilie Lamb Discusses Her ObamaCare Nightmare on Fox News [lupus patient]
Emilie's Story: ObamaCare is hurting people like me
Emily Miller gets her guns after book signing at the NRA Headquarters Range
Eminent Disaster
Emir of Abdullah Azzam Brigades detained in Lebanon
Emirati Female Saved After Brake-Failure at 140kph
Emissions Target
Emmett, Idaho, Nullifies Indefinite Detention of NDAA
Empire State Bldg Owners Sued – Didn’t Allow Muslim Prayers on Observation Deck
Empire of Madness: Caligula in Pyongyang
Employees Petition MSNBC Hosts for Workplace Rights, Left-Wing Anchors Remain Silent
Employees React to New 'Unacceptable' Obamacare Costs
Employers Say Obamacare Will Cost Them $5,000 More Per Employee
Employers cut health coverage, find scapegoat: Obamacare
Employment Recovery? 1,600 Workers Apply For Just 36 Jobs At An Ice Cream Plant In Maryland
Empowering Palestinians Who Reject Israel’s Right to Exist
Enbridge looking to build hydroelectric projects in B.C., Alberta
Enbridge:U.S. taking longer than expected to weigh Alberta Clipper expansion
Encana slashing fuel costs by drilling with natural gas
Encouraging Lessons from the "Duck Dynasty" Imbroglio
Encouraging Suicide Isn’t a Crime, Minnesota Court Says
End Of Filibuster Brings First Of Many Radical Judges
End looms for US Air Force's 'Warthog' ground-attack jet
End of Left's Honeymoon with Pope Francis?
End of the Line for the Welfare State?
End of the lead bullet? Regulations, bans force switch to 'green' ammo
End the Debt Draft
End the NFL's "charity" tax break.
Endangered panther killed in three-car crash in Florida
Endorsement of Wendy Davis Triggers National Boycott of Girl Scout Cookies
Enemies of the State
Enemy of the Year 2013
Energy Companies Seek Ways To Capture Natural Gas From North Dakota Oil Boom on
Energy Company At Odds With County Over Safety of Wind Turbines
Energy Expert: Michigan Should Eliminate Its Utility Monopoly For Lower Prices
Energy IQ: Think You Know Energy?
Energy Infrastructure Attack Database (EIAD)
Energy Institute: First US Energy-Focused High School
Energy bills: Who pays the most in Europe?
Energy official: Electricity prices to soar 80 percent, thanks to EPA coal regulations
Energy trade is a key part of overall U.S. trade flows
Energy's Role in the Path to Peace
Enforcing "Dhimma" - Islamic's Long History of Tolerance and Co-existence is Over
Enforcing Islamic Law at Brandeis
Engine from Makani Kai plane recovered
Engineer accused of trying to smuggle military jet engine documents, blueprints to Iran
Engineer stuns archaeology experts by rubbishing their theories about how the pyramids were built
Engineering Children for Gay Granddads
England, Germany get kind draw
English Bible History
English Bishop Criticizes Prenuptial Agreements
English Translation Of The Egyptian Constitution 2013: Long Live Egypt
English history is American history - Alexander Hamilton and John Adams
Enhance Freedom, Safety: Ditch the TSA
Enigmatic Bitcoin founder Satoshi Nakamoto discovered in California?
Enjoy Julia Lipnitskaya's Performance? A Leading Russian Oppositionist Thinks That Makes You A Nazi
Enjoy the good times as long as they last.
Enlarging the House of Representatives
Ennis' 35-footer saves No. 1 Syracuse (college basketball)
Enough With the 'War' Rhetoric: According to the GOP, Obama is waging a war on everything.
Enough enriched uranium in Iran for 4 nuclear weapons. N-Bomb awaits Saudis in Pakistan
Enough with the Gay Mania: How about a little old-fashioned privacy for sexuality of all stripes?
Enough! Patriot lawsuit demands money from IRS
Enraged Taxpayer Throws Money at CA Superintendent Making $663K
Enroll Maven down?
Enrollees at Health Exchanges Face Struggle to Prove Coverage
Enrollment Errors Cut, Officials Say; Fixes Are Overstated, Insurers Report (NYT)
Enrollment threatens exchange funding
Enrollments on Md. health exchange jump, though site still glitch
Enter the Red Planet: A Guide to the Upcoming Mars 2014 Opposition Season
Enter: the Cragel, House of Bagels' Croissant-Bagel Hybrid
Enthusiasm on the left is like a bubble about to burst
Enthusiastic Hillary 2016 supporters can’t think of a single thing she accomplished
Entire town of Knifley, KY evacuated after gas line explosion
Entrepreneur Stitches Together a Quilting Business
Entrepreneur: Boost Calif. wages to $12-an-hour
Environment minister: Make fracking illegal (Germany)
Environmental Activists Pleads Guilty to Poaching [ Yellowstone Coalition ]
Environmental destruction by Hollywood
Environmentalists Do Billionaires' Bidding in Fight Against Keystone Pipeline
Environmentalists Face Day of Reckoning on Keystone Pipeline
Environmentalists champion economic ‘de-growth’
Environmentalists cringe as Obama touts oil and gas
Environmentalists giving away Earth Day condoms to combat overpopulation
Envy over income 'inequality' isn't what built America
Eon chief warns of US energy advantage (renewables costing EU)
Epic Feminist Fails of our time: 'Ban Bossy'
Epic Fire Marked ‘Beginning of the End’ for Ancient Culture of Cahokia, New Digs Suggest
Epigenetics: The sins of the father - The roots of inheritance may extend beyond the genome...
Epiphany ends the 12 days of Christmas
Epiphany sacramentals
Equality Versus Liberty
Equality! DOJ says boys’ baseball field is nicer than girls’ field, must die
Equity Is Better Than Debt In Financing Higher Education
Er Michelle rasende på Helle? (Danish Paper: Michelle is Furious at Helle?)
Erdogan criticizes, undermines huge corruption investigation
Erekat Condemns Vote on Jordan Valley Annexation
Erekat: New Israeli settlement building would 'destroy peace process'
Erekat: There Haven't Been Direct Talks in Weeks
Erekat: There Will be No 'Settlers' in 'Palestine'
Ergun Caner and the integrity of Baptist institutions
Ergun Caner to lead Ga. Baptist college
Eric Cantor Deceives His Fellow Members, His Constituents & Himself
Eric Cantor Earns An Opponent In Dave Brat
Eric Cantor Earns an Opponent - Dave Brat
Eric Cantor Moves Toward Center (we all know what that means!!)
Eric Cantor attempts to remake the House GOP brand, and his own
Eric Cantor blasts ‘isolationist sentiment’
Eric Cantor calls for GOP unity
Eric Cantor enshrined in the G.O.P. Hall of Shame
Eric Cantor falls hard from good graces of conservatives (Teetering from leadership post)
Eric Cantor tweets "Thank You" to Kathleen Sebelius
Eric Cantor’s Challenger from the Right
Eric Cantor’s Democrat challenger tweets that pro-lifers are ‘mentally disabled’
Eric Holder & DoJ Spent Millions Of Taxpayer Dollars On Unreported Personal Travel
Eric Holder Asks State Attorneys General To Ignore Law
Eric Holder Is Wrong Because MLK Was Right
Eric Holder To State Attorneys General: You Don't Have to Enforce Laws You Disagree With
Eric Holder Wishes Critic ‘Good Luck With Your Asparagus’ After Testy Exchange
Eric Holder a champion of minority voter fraud
Eric Holder defends using Justice Department airplane for 27 personal trips
Eric Holder explodes at GOP rep: ‘You don’t want to go there, buddy!’ [VIDEO]
Eric Holder fighting Little Sisters of the Poor ‘tooth and nail’ over contraception
Eric Holder makes case for felons to get voting rights back
Eric Holder refers Congress to Treasury for legal basis of Obamacare delays (Pelosi knew)
Eric Holder slams Toyota while announcing $1.2 billion settlement [Thugocracy]
Eric Holder to states: You all should really think about restoring voting for felons
Eric Holder to step down this year: report
Eric Holder's Law
Eric Holder: ATF Planning to Use Drones
Eric Holder: DOJ Rejects Ted Cruz's Request for Special Prosecutor in IRS Scandal
Eric Holder: Maybe lawful gun owners should have to wear electronic bracelets to use them
Eric Holder: US still a nation of cowards on race
Eric Holder’s Billion Dollar Extortion Scheme
Eric Holder’s Race-Baiting Attack on Congress
Eric Holder’s kickbacks for community organizers
Erik Prince: Out of Blackwater and Into China
Erin Go Bye: Two Beer Makers Exit St. Patrick's Parades
Eritrea: Report - Eritrean Military Trafficking Children to Sudan, Sinai
Eritrean players and coach missing in Kenya [Defected / Escaped]
Ernst Narrowly Leads GOP Field in Iowa Senate Race
Escalation in Ukraine
Escalation: After Cuomo's 'No Place in New York' Remarks, His Counsel Reminds the New York Post
Escape From The Iron-Fisted Worldwide Church of God Cult into The Power and Freedom of Jesus Christ!
Escape from Obamacare: How to get health insurance while avoiding the exchanges
Escaping the Rat Maze of the Welfare State
Escort at Rock Hill hotel hid cocaine in a Bible
Esplanade Avenue attacks on cyclists involving baseball bats scare area bikers
Establishment GOP Bites the Hand That Feeds It
Establishment GOP Leaders Take The 30 Pieces Of Silver To Pass Amnesty
Establishment GOP Purging Conservatives
Establishment GOP Takes Aim At Conservatives in Congress
Establishment RINOS losing donation war to conservative PACS
Establishment Republican Jeb Bush Launches Ad Campaign Supporting Common Core
Estonia confirms authenticity of Paet-Ashton conversation on Kiev snipers (Hired by pro-EU leaders)
Estranged husband, suspect in Newberry shooting death of wife of 50 years, dies in jail
Ethan Hawke: Society has 'childish view of monogamy'
Ethanol loses friends and influence as reform movement grows
Ethanol producers benefiting from higher margins for distillers grains
Ethics Complaint Against Rep. Tom Cotton Dismissed
Ethics Complaint Filed Against Harry Reid
Ethiopian Airlines’ Flight 702 Squawks “HiJacking”
Ethiopian Lawmakers to Pass Bill Deemed 'Anti-Gay' (boo hoo)
Euphoria of Obamacare becomes nightmare of higher premiums and deductibles
Eureka announces major gift from Reagan brother’s estate Read more:
Eurofighter Typhoon flies with Taurus 350 radar-evading cruise missiles
Eurofighter in lead to sell 28 planes to Kuwait
Euromaidan Ecumenical Memorial Service TONIGHT Sat, Feb 22nd, 2014 7:00pm
Europe Begins to Rethink Cuts to Military Spending
Europe Considers Wholesale Savings Confiscation, Enforced Redistribution
Europe Dumps Global Warming Efforts; Good Idea?
Europe Tells U.S. To Lay Off Brie And Get Its Own Cheese Names
Europe or Democracy? What German Court Ruling Means for the Euro
Europe says US-made cheeses can't use Old World names
Europe starts food fight with U.S. over cheese names
Europe wants its Parmesan back, seeks name change
Europe's Modest Proposal To End Unemployment: Slavery
European Banking Union is Unfit for the Next Crisis
European Banks Boycott Israeli Banks Because of 'Settlements'
European Banks Boycott Israeli Banks Because of ‘Settlements’
European Banks Dump Massive Amounts of Subordinated Debt on Investors
European Greens nominate Snowden for Nobel Peace Prize
European Hunter-Gatherers, Blue Eyes and Dark Skin?
European Monetary Union Misnamed; I Propose USG (United States of Germany)
European Satellite Dodged Space Debris Hours After Reaching Orbit
European Union imposes sanctions against Ukraine
European banks have $3 trillion of exposure to emerging markets (4X that of the US)
European countries to America: Give us your gas
European genes altered by Black Death
European inspectors report no Russia’s military build-up on Ukraine border
European: the FN on the wave of Euroscepticism.
Europeans on alert after Olympic athletes in Sochi receive terror threats
Europeans want meat names to themselves; US lawmakers say baloney (EU wants change in names!)
Eurozone bank network getting smaller
Eurozone in Deflation; Monetarist Mouthpieces Will Scream
Eurozone is the ‘real’ EU, Sikorski says (Poland’s foreign minister)
Evan Sayet: To Today’s Modern Liberal Journalists, Objective Reporting is an Act of Bigotry
Evan Sayet’s Unified Field Theory of Modern Liberalism
Evangelical Context May Contribute to Divorce, says Baylor Sociologist
Evangelical Housekeeping
Evangelical and Mormon Leaders Gather in Tabernacle to Promote Faith and Religious Freedom
Evangelicals and Hollywood Muck
Evangelicals: Alone and Exiled in Hollywood
Evangelicals: Pray for Boehner on immigration reform
Evangelize, Not Proselytize
Evanston police warn about bottles filled with explosive mix
Evasion: Another Obama Eligibility Case Reaches U.S. Supreme Court; Jesters (Mario Apuzzo)
Even "fixed" Obamacare.gov still sucks
Even American Olympians are trashing Shaun White
Even At March For Life, Contraception Is Accepted
Even NYT 'Conservative' Ross Douthat Calls GOP Establishment Immigration Push 'Perverse'
Even Obama seems to be losing faith in Obamacare
Even Paul Lynde knew that the US govt. is a Republic
Even Paul Ryan Can't Please Conservatives Anymore
Even compliance with Connecticut 'assault weapon' ban not enough for gun-haters
Even if it came to this Obama still wouldn't see we have a spending problem...
Even in Hawaii, Obama can't escape troubled state health insurance exchanges
Even on Bench, Jason Collins Gets Support From Fans in Miami
Even seasoned Scully is awed by Australia (Vin Scully) (with video clip)
Even the Elite Wonder
Even the Hapless Jimmy Carter Wasn't This Bad
Even the president can´t use the Obamacare website! Obama ´symbolically´ enrolls but has to send
Even with Soviet KGB Training, Mandela Legacy Looks Conservative Compared to Obama...
Even with Syria’s Iranian Ally, Shiism drives Alawites to Religious Extinction
Evening Newscasts Ignore House GOP's Criminal Referral for Lois Lerner But Find Time for Hillary
Event Phases : Understanding The Progression to Collapse
Ever Caught Brent Bozell's Imitation of Johnny Boehner?
Ever Wonder How "They" Write All That Spam?
Ever Wonder How Much You Can Make on Welfare Annually?
Every (conservative) family has one...
Every Democrat Senator is Responsible for Obamacare
Every Obama speech from now on should only be four words long, & the same four words, every time...
Every Picture Tells A Story, Part Two (Repost)
Every Round Goes Higher, Higher! – A Sermon for the Second Sunday of Lent
Every Tree is Known by Its Fruit
Every single satellite orbiting Earth, in a single image
Everybody Loves A Purry Kitty
Everybody's Tolkien (Tolkien Reading Day)
Everyone on the Couch Today’s psychiatry undermines self-reliance and morality.
Everything Is Because Of ‘Climate Change’, Except What Isn’t
Everything You Ever Needed to Know about the Left’s View of Income Inequality,
Everything You Need to Know About Friday's Payroll Numbers
Everything You Need to Know About Today’s New York Hearing on Bitcoin [Day 2]
Everything You Need to Know About the New York Hearings on Bitcoin
Everything You Should Know About "Great" Jobs Report
Everything You Should Know About Friday's Payroll Numbers
Everything You Should Know About the Big Miss Jobs Report
Everything in the way Shall be removed !
Everything that’s wrong with America in two sentences
Everything you need to know about the Obama presidency with 4 candy hearts
Evidence Mounts that GM Delayed Recall with Deadly Results
Evidence casts doubt on ex-CIA leaders’ claims on Benghazi mortar attack
Evidence in Mitigation at the Internet Lynching of LTC Bateman
Evidence of Eternity in Our Hearts?
Evidence of young universe's growth spurt is discovered
Evidence on Mohamed Mursi’s direct link to terror acts in Egypt (like lawless Obama)
Evidence that Charter Schools Better Serve Poor People Disparaged
Evidence that LENR (aka cold fusion) is real
Evidence the Hawaii Medical Examiner turned a blind eye to the death of Loretta Fuddy
Evidence: Arabs Staging ‘Price Tag’ Attacks, Blaming Jews
Evil Irish Nun Movies For Christmas
Evil Preaches Tolerance Until It Is Dominant, Then Seeks to Silence Good
Evil is Coming: ticking-clock Newtown video makes more sense with pro-gun narration (110 sec)
Evo Debate: Things Bill Nye does not know about science
Evolution and Global Warming vs God's Perfection (Saturbray)
Evolution is Most Certainly a Matter of Belief... and so is Christianity
Evolution: a new boost for ‘aquatic ape’ theory
Evolutionists divided over coexistence of placental mammals and dinosaurs
Ewww… Obama Tells Kids to Put on Jammies, Drink Hot Cocoa & Talk Obamacare
Ex IGP KPK Handover ten days custody to the NAB
Ex NYPD Cop: We Used to Call Sharpton ‘The Fat Rat’
Ex Trader Joe's president to open store selling expired food
Ex-Aide to Obama Pal Pleads Guilty to Stealing Taxpayer Funds
Ex-Bush admin official: Internet giveaway weakens cybersecurity, opens door to Web tax
Ex-CBS Reporter Sharyl Attkisson Has a Website You May Have Never Heard of
Ex-CFLer, Olympian trapped in bathroom smashes himself free
Ex-CIA director: Snowden should be ‘hanged’ if convicted for treason
Ex-Chesapeake cop guilty of shaking down prostitutes
Ex-Christie Campaign Manager to Plead the Fifth, Lawyer Says
Ex-Christie appointee pleads the Fifth during traffic chaos probe
Ex-Clinton aide secretly met with Iranian officials in summer 2012
Ex-Communist Now Merkel's New NemesisGregor Gysi's Radical Left Party Is Now Main Opposition
Ex-Cop in Murder Plot Trial: 'Never in a Gazillion Years Would I Have Done That'
Ex-DEA agent in new role with pot investment firm
Ex-Dolphin Davone Bess Arrested At Fort Lauderdale Airport
Ex-EPA official told lawmakers of project to 'modify the DNA' of capitalism
Ex-Eagle Garry Cobb to seek House seat
Ex-El Al expert: Iran likely involved in MH 370
Ex-Energy chief Chu joins carbon capture company
Ex-Envoy: N. Korea Video Hints at Release Talks for Captive Pastor
Ex-FBI agent who disappeared in Iran was on rogue mission for CIA
Ex-Gay Ministry Billboard for Unwanted Same-Sex Attraction Stirs Controversy in LGBT Community
Ex-Gen. David Petraeus says Hillary Clinton would ‘make a tremendous President’
Ex-General Electrics worker was building remote-control 'death ray'
Ex-Guantanamo Detainee Moazzam Begg Arrested by Terror Police
Ex-IRS official Lerner's attorney says no Hill testimony without immunity or court order
Ex-Im Bank Approves $694 Million to Finance Export of U.S. Mining and Rail Equipment to Australia
Ex-La Salle, NBA star Tom Gola, 81, dies
Ex-Marcus Hook mayor sentenced to 10-20 months
Ex-Marlboro man dies from smoking-related disease
Ex-Mass. US Sen. Brown launches NH Senate bid
Ex-Militants Who Admit Killing Cops Seek Parole (Black Liberation Army)
Ex-Miss Venezuela Shot Dead in Roadside Robbery
Ex-NBA player says NKorea game dwarfed by politics
Ex-NFL Great, Hollywood Star Fred Dryer: GOP Establishment...
Ex-NFL star Darren Sharper accused of sex assault: 7 women, 4 states
Ex-NFL star Darren Sharper due in court on drug, rape charges [NFL network employee, 5 state spree]
Ex-NY mayor Bloomberg named UN climate envoy
Ex-Navy Seals 'died of drug overdoses' on Captain Phillips ship
Ex-Officers Found Not Guilty in Kelly Thomas’ Beating Death
Ex-Pratt Worker Allegedly Tried To Ship F-35 Files To Iran
Ex-President Carter planning trip to Venezuela
Ex-RNC Chairman Gillespie Will Run For Virginia Senate Seat
Ex-RNC chair Ed Gillespie weighs Mark Warner challenge in Virginia
Ex-Rep. Baca bashes 'bimbo' Negrete McLeod, won't run for seat
Ex-Rep. switches parties to run again (Gene Taylor MS)
Ex-Republican runs as Dem for US Senate in Miss (this is how to win!!)
Ex-Russian Chess Champ Kasparov Granted Croatian Citizenship
Ex-San Diego (RAT) Mayor Bob Filner To Be Sentenced For Harassment
Ex-San Diego Mayor Bob Filner To Be Sentenced For Harassment
Ex-Vikings punter: Coach made anti-gay remarks
Ex-Wis. teacher's aide accused of sex assault
Ex-choir teacher at Fisher Catholic is charged with exchanging nude photos with student
Ex-con and Jackson pal Democrat pervert Mel Reynolds arrested in Zimbabwe making porno movies
Ex-con wins $18,607 in rectal thermometer lawsuit
Ex-con, Ex-Gov. Edwin Edwards seeks comeback at age 86
Ex-congressman arrested in Zimbabwe (Mel Reynolds)
Ex-congressman pleads not guilty in Zimbabwe (Mel Reynolds)
Ex-cop ‘Who Killed Theater Texter’ Menaced Moviegoer Last Month
Ex-councilor/con Chuck Turner seeks role in Boston’s future
Ex-fundraiser’s testimony rocks Crist’s Florida campaign - Con details trade of political favors
Ex-generals: Bring back conscription (Germany)
Ex-mayor of Columbus smuggles guns, keeps taxpayer-funded pension [NM]
Ex-navy chief: Israel has defenses against Russian missile coveted by Hezbollah
Ex-official says Christie knew about bridge lane closures -report
Ex-police officer indicted for fraudulent U.S. citizenship
Ex-prostituted women blast UN and Amnesty International for trying to legalize prostitution
Ex-scoutmaster pleads guilty to 36 felony sex crimes
Exalting Jesus [Revival in Africa may be why the continent is becoming more moral than USA]
Exam cheating scandal hits U.S. Navy nuclear force
Examination confirmed the killing of eight activists
Examiner Editorial: Lois Lerner stays silent to protect someone outside the IRS
Examiner Editorial: Obamacare will end up forcing doctors to take patients
Examiner Editorial: Only Republicans can prevent a conservative renaissance
Examining the IRS Response to the Targeting Scandal (Live thread)
Example of Academic Indoctrination - White Privilege
Examples of what honest slogans look like in liberal advertisements
Excessive Government, antibiotics and radiation are bad medicine
Excessive radiation levels detected at New Mexico waste site
Excising O****
Exclusive - Mark Levin to Keynote Tea Party 5-Year Anniversary Event
Exclusive - Study: Obama Most Well-Traveled, Expensive President In History Through Five Years
Exclusive -- Cruz: Don’t ‘Turn Texas into a Liberal Swamp’
Exclusive -- ESPN Reverses Course, Will Air Ad Containing Words 'God,' 'Jesus'
Exclusive -- Palin: Read My Lipstick: No New Taxes
Exclusive Breitbart News Poll: Sasse Surging In 'Wide Open' GOP Nebraska Senate Primary
Exclusive Interview with Roma Downey to air on The CatholicTV Network
Exclusive to the Enquirer’s World Exclusive: Hillary 2016. Prison or POTUS?
Exclusive video interview with Amanda Knox: guilty verdict 'like a train wreck'
Exclusive – Dr. Ben Carson: Our Government Is Like 'Nazi Germany'
Exclusive--Report: TX Taxpayers Pay Billions for Illegal Aliens to Use State Services
Exclusive: Bank of America's trading practices have been probed, filing shows
Exclusive: Bloomberg tapped to be U.N. cities, climate change envoy - sources
Exclusive: Boeing says gets U.S. license to sell spare parts to Iran
Exclusive: CIA Helped Saudis in Secret Chinese Missile Deal
Exclusive: China seizes $14.5 billion assets from family, associates of ex-security chief: sources
Exclusive: Dashcam video clears NJ man
Exclusive: Democratic senators to file amicus brief in Hobby Lobby birth control case
Exclusive: EU executive sees personal savings used to plug long-term financing gap
Exclusive: Emails raise questions about White House knowledge of Kathleen Sebelius' fundraising
Exclusive: Federal Probe Into NJ Sen Menendez Is Widening (Democrats cashing in bigtime)
Exclusive: Federal Probe into New Jersey Sen. Menendez Is Widening
Exclusive: George Zimmer on Being Fired by Men's Wearhouse, and What's Next
Exclusive: Hollywood Brainstorms 'Portraying ObamaCare in TV & Film'
Exclusive: House Republicans' Secret Immigration Ploy
Exclusive: Intel says to reduce global workforce by 5 percent in 2014
Exclusive: Iran nabbed CIA asset Levinson, says witness
Exclusive: J. Christian Adams' explosive new claims
Exclusive: John Cornyn Rips Chuck Schumer's Media 'Shield Law'
Exclusive: Labor Secy Hilda Solis Failed to Report Trips on Union's Pvt Jet-'09 Confmtn Hrgs
Exclusive: Lawyer Files Request For Fuddy Autopsy
Exclusive: Leader of Far-Right Ukrainian Militant Group Talks Revolution With TIME (Photos)
Exclusive: Malasian Flight 370 Reported in Diego Garcia
Exclusive: Malaysia plane probe narrows on mid-air disintegration - source
Exclusive: Man found guilty of electronic cigarette law that does not exist
Exclusive: Mega-donors plan GOP war council
Exclusive: Mitch McConnell Says He Wants To Govern Like This Democrat
Exclusive: More well-known U.S. retailers victims of cyber attacks - sources
Exclusive: New Videos Released In Attack On Hollywood Teen
Exclusive: New thesis on how Stuxnet infiltrated Iran nuclear facility
Exclusive: Photographs Expose Russian-Trained Killers in Kiev
Exclusive: Piers Morgan Says He’s Staying at CNN to Do “Big Name” Interviews
Exclusive: Probe into missing Malaysia plane looks at possible mid-air disintegration - source
Exclusive: Radar data suggests missing Malaysia plane deliberately flown way off course - sources
Exclusive: Russia Will Sanction U.S. Senators
Exclusive: Russia signs deal to forgive $29 billion of Cuba's Soviet-era debt - diplomats
Exclusive: Russia steps up military lifeline to Syria's Assad - sources
Exclusive: Russia threatened countries ahead of UN vote on Ukraine - envoys
Exclusive: Sarah Palin Confirmed to Speak at CPAC
Exclusive: Sarah Palin Invited, Ted Cruz, Paul Ryan Confirmed to Speak at CPAC 2014
Exclusive: Suspicion Surrounds Candidacy of Lamar Alexander's Donor 'Friend,' Dr. George Flinn
Exclusive: Syria Militants increase attacks on Christian town of Saidnaya (VIDEO)
Exclusive: Tesla Model S charging system may have started garage fire - California fire dept
Exclusive: The mysterious journey of the Libya oil tanker
Exclusive: U.S. Won’t Seize Taliban Ally’s Cash
Exclusive: U.S. plans new bank fraud cases in early 2014 - attorney general
Exclusive: U.S. to require casinos to vet high rollers' funds - sources
Exclusive: U.S. waived laws to keep F-35 on track with China-made parts
Exclusive: West signals to Syrian opposition Assad may stay
Exclusive–Allen West Questions if Boehner, Cantor Helping Cover Up Benghazi
Exclusive–Bipartisan Law Profs Warn Jan Brewer: SB1062 'Egregiously Misrepresented'
Exclusive–Rand Paul: Stop Warping Reagan's Foreign Policy
Exclusive—Mitch McConnell: Obama, IRS Fight to Keep Conservative Nonprofits from Forming
Executive Director of GOP Strategy Group Fired
Executive Order -- Blocking Property of Certain Persons Contributing to the Situation in Ukraine
Executive Order 6102
Executive Order tyranny -- Obama plans to rule America with pen, phone
Executive Order: 'Excessively High Temperatures' 'Already' Harming Public Health
Executive order: Obama ups green-energy mandate on feds to 20 percent
Executive vs. Judiciary: Michigan Governor Refuses to Recognize Gay Marriages Performed in State
Exercise just as good as drugs in war on major disease
Exercising regularly can help reduce dementia risk, find Welsh scientists
Exercising the Mighty Pen and Phone
Exeter, RI Votes to Recall Anti-Gun Council Members Today
Exhausted Frank Almond eagerly awaits reunion with stolen Stradivarius
Exhibit "A": Who Should Not Be A Politician
Existential threat: ‘Russians cannot allow Ukraine to be ruled by neo-fascists’
Existing Home Sales Hit Lowest Rate Since July 2012
Exodus II?
Exorcism rituals on the rise as way to battle evil of Mexican cartels
Exorcist called after boy 'walked up wall backwards'
Expand ATF investigation into agents' rogue tactics
Expanded Medicaid’s fine print holds surprise: ‘payback’ from estate after death
Expanded map boosts GOP confidence
Expecting the worst: Families await news of missing Malaysian airliner (2 stolen passports)
Expedition On The Cheap? Did Organizers Recklessly, Negligently Put Lives And Property At Risk?
Expenses scandal roils Cameron ahead of European elections
Experian Lapse Allowed ID Theft Service Access to 200 Million Consumer Records
Experimental Treatment Could Reduce Kids’ Peanut Allergies
Expert Believes Missing Malaysian Airlines Flight Being Held For Ransom (Theory Du Jour)
Expert Says Anti-Semitism ‘Part and Parcel of European Culture’
Expert Warns: ‘Illegal Building’ is Coordinated Takeover (‘Palestinians’ build on Israeli land)
Expert: At least 129 million will ‘not be able to keep’ health care plan if Obamacare fully implemen
Expert: Energy Company Trying To ‘Muddle’ Wind Turbine Noise Solution
Expert: Healthcare.gov Security Risks Even Worse After ‘Fix’
Expert: Iran ships a dry run for later nuclear/EMP attack; humiliate Obam
Expert: Iran ships a dry run for later nuclear/EMP attack; humiliate Obama
Expert: Utilities Distorting Electric Choice Track Record
Experts Urge Feds to Measure, Pursue Our Happiness
Experts hail stem cell breakthrough
Experts increasingly contemplate end of smoking
Experts raise new doubts about essential Bay Bridge rods
Experts slam DOJ letter telling schools to implement race-based punishments
Experts warn against the trivialization of racism (in Europe)
Experts: Iran Exerting Troubling Influence in Latin America
Experts: ‘Retirement Crisis’ Concerns Might Be Overblown
Explainer: The Budapest Memorandum And Its Relevance To Crimea
Explaining Drama Behind World Cup Draw
Explaining Russia to Obama and His Minions: Obviously He Hasn't Got a Clue
Exploding student loan debt threatens the housing recovery. Here's why...
Exploiting the Koran to Target the Jews?
Explosion Rocks Minneapolis Apartment Complex over Arab Grocery
Explosion on tourist bus in Sinai kills four near Israeli border
Exports to Mexico and China Increasing
Exposed: Obama Blocks White House Council on Boys and Men
Exposed: Obama states Kosovo left Serbia only after referendum, but there was NO referendum at all
Exposed: The Muslim Brotherhood/Al-Qaeda Connection
Exposed: Waqf Illegally Drilling on Temple Mount
Exposed:Cornyn's record out of step with Texas conservatives
Exposing the "War on Women" Lie
Exposing the Blind Side: A Reverted Catholic Looks Back
Exposing the Lie of the Merely Bad Unemployment Numbers
Exposing the Myths of Recreational Sex: Every young person needs to know the following three truths
Extended standing ovation for Sebelius at White House
Extra: "A gutsy call" Robert Gates is a Hypocrite.
Extracting carbon from nature can aid climate but will be costly: U.N.
Extraordinary wartime service of one of Britain's greatest-ever fighter aces...
Extreme Cuomo Governs Abortion Capital of America
Extreme Helicopter Landing (Lynx)
Extreme Park Crashes Taking Outsize Toll on Women
Extreme pizza delivery [language warning]
Extroverts are heartbreakers: Are able to have affairs without feeling guilty
Exxon Mobil CEO Pressures PA Governor to Implement Common Core
Exxon Mobil bearish on shale drilling abroad
Exxon Mobil refinery receiving crude shipments again after channel closure
Exxon Mobil: Ship channel shutdown hitting refinery output (photos)
Exxon sells Iraq oil stake to PetroChina:
Exxon to move Canadian crude by rail amid pipeline shortage
Exxon: Rising Living Standards Propel Energy Needs
ExxonMobil Corporation Makes Moves in Permian Basin, Utica Shale
Eye Of The Tiber 2013 Year In Review
Eye on GOP Senate mid-term challenges: Matt Bevin, Kentucky – Joe Carr, Tennessee
EyeOn College Basketball UNC stops research of academic whistleblower Mary Willingham
Eyeing a majority, Senate GOP cool to House immigration plan
Eyes on Crimea, China makes its move
Eyes on GOP as Texas holds nation's 1st primary (TX Primary Open Thread)
Eyewitness: Carhart hospitalized 4th woman in 10 months, second in 4 days
Ezekiel Emanuel Further Explains His Prediction That Employers Will Drop Health Insurance
Ezekiel Emanuel: If You Want To Pay More For Your Doctor, You Can Do That
Ezra Klein Is Said to Plan to Leave Washington Post
Ezra Klein: 'There Still Might Be' a JournoList
F*** the EU: Russia suspected of leaking tape of U.S. diplomat letting rip on Ukraine crisis
F-18 on VR training route on holiday Sunday? (Vanity)
F-35 Take Off
F-35 faces familiar dogfight with competing facts
F.B.I. Agent Is Cleared in Fatal Shooting of Man Tied to Boston Suspects
FA-50 sale to Philippines closer to completion
FAA Grounds Valentine’s Flower Delivery Drone
FAA Stops Beer Drone Delivery
FAA allowing most electronic device use throughout flights
FAA seeks new air traffic controllers—no experience needed
FAMILY DOLLAR TO SHUTTER 370 STORES; PRICES TOO HIGH IN BAD ECONOMY
FATHER SAMIR KHALIL SAMIR, GIVES FRANK CRITIQUE OF EVANGELII GAUDIUM’S APPROACH TO MUSLIMS
FBI Drops Law Enforcement as 'Primary Mission'
FBI Dumps Southern Poverty Law Center As Hate Crimes Resource
FBI Highlights Risks Posed By Laser Strikes Targeting Aircraft
FBI Investigates Legality of High Frequency Trading
FBI Investigating Local [Los Angeles] Gang Members Fighting With Terrorist Group In Syria
FBI Raids 91-Year-Old Man's Artifact Collection
FBI Report: Early 2013 Crime Decrease Coincides with Gun Sales Boom
FBI Revisits Unsolved Gypsy Hill Murders from 1976
FBI Searches (RAT) Sen. Leland Yee's Legislative Office Near Capitol
FBI Won’t File Charges Against IRS for Targeting Conservatives – BUT NEVER INTERVIEWED a Single Tea
FBI becomes the 'watchers-in-chief'
FBI blocked in corruption probe involving Sens. Reid, Lee (Long piece, DOJ involved)
FBI informants allowed to break the law astonishing 5,939 times last year
FBI investigates military style attack on California power station
FBI investigating Rush County home for artifact collection
FBI nabs US senator for Phl arms deal: AFP captain, separatist group linked (Leland Yee)
FBI officers went to Adam Lanza's home in 2004 to ask him about how he hacked through two layers ...
FBI prevented 148 mass shootings in 2013: Eric Holder
FBI raids Calumet Township trustee's office (Yet another raid on a democrat)
FBI seizes artifacts from Indiana collector, age 91, who says they’re legal
FBI seizes trove of cultural artifacts at 91-year-old Indiana man's home
FBI suspected iconic 1964 Ali-Liston fight was rigged by mob
FBI takes computers from home of former Iowa senator Kent Sorenson
FBI to look for ways to stem Chicago violence
FBI turning against DNC/Obama?
FBI's Menendez Investigation Coming Up Short on Prostitutes (but there's more)
FBI, US military in hunt for one-time recruit planning 'Fort Hood-style Jihad'
FBI, US military in hunt for one-time recruit planning 'Fort Hood-style Jihad' (April 1)
FBI: Drone-like toy planes in bomb plot
FBI: Kids forced into prostitution for Super Bowl
FBI: March 2014 Was Biggest March in Gun Background Check History
FBI: Wake Co. men had plans to kill non-Muslims overseas
FCC Agency study could stifle freedom of the press, says FCC official
FCC Chairman Says Critics Are Overreacting to New Plan
FCC Chief: We're Not Going to Police Your Newsroom
FCC Fines TV Companies $1.9 Million for Messing With Emergency Alert System (in movie trailer)
FCC Plans to Issue New 'Net Neutrality' Rules
FCC backs off newsroom survey plan
FCC cancels newsroom study after backlash from lawmakers
FCC investigating editorial choices and bias in broadcasters — and newspapers
FCC launches health task force
FCC targets black conservative in TV station fight
FCC to exam "perceived station bias"
FDA Appears Set to Approve Creating Human Embryos With Three Parents
FDA Approves First Device to Prevent Migraine (Cefaly)
FDA Launches Ad Campaign Telling Kids That ‘Cigarettes Are Bullies’
FDA OKs mental disability blood test for infants
FDA approves easy-to-use heroin overdose antidote
FDA approves over-the-counter sale of generic versions of Plan B
FDA has continuously warned against condom use for anal sex - it’s time to sue Planned Parenthood
FDA hopes hospitals will switch to newly regulated pharmacies
FDA proposes rule to prevent food contamination during transport
FDA pulls cigarette brand from stores
FDA puts anti-bacterial soaps under scrutiny [Keep the Feds out of my bathroom!]
FDA weighs risks of 3-person embryo fertilization
FDA: Acetaminophen doses over 325 mg might lead to liver damage
FDIC sues 16 big banks that set key rate
FDIC sues banks over alleged Libor rigging
FDR & Stalin The Subversion of FDR's Govt
FDR to Stalin: “I Would Give Saudi King 6 Million Jews”
FEC Says Facebook PAC Gave Mitch McConnell Too Much Money (Amnesty Payoff)
FEC wants Reid to explain 'holiday gifts' [more than $16,000 in holiday gifts in a campaign filing]
FEC: Mitch McConnell Campaign Contributions Appear to Exceed Legal Limits
FEDERAL JUDGE IN NY RULES NSA DATA COLLECTION IS LEGAL
FEMA forgives $67.8 million loan + interest from Hurricane Katrina for St. Tammany schools
FERC issues draft EIS on Freeport LNG’s Phase II projects
FF: Obama Case Very Intense; World Media Won't Ignore Universe-Shattering Evidence ("in March")
FHA To Drop Loan Limits (Lowering The Brad Pitt Mortgage Limit), Hawaii Still The Highest
FHFA Raises Guarantee Fees For Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (DeMarco's Last Stand)
FIFA Rejects Senators’ Call to Ban Russia From World Cup
FIFTH ARMY ATTACKS BELOW ROME AND GRINDS FORWARD AT CASSINO (2/14/44)
FINAL VOTE RESULTS FOR ROLL CALL 640
FINALLY ! Venezuela is Blowing Up ( Run Commies Run ! )
FINANCE PROFESSOR: Bitcoin Will Crash To $10 By Mid-2014
FIRST HE WALKS OUT OF THE PRESIDENT’S MAJOR SPEECH – NOW HE’S THINKING ABOUT FILING IMPEACHMENT
FIRST U.S. FIGHTERS REACH BERLIN, BOMBERS HIT FRENCH AIRFIELDS (3/4/44)
FIRST-PERSON: Russian Bear awakening to morality
FISA Court Opposes Oversight of NSA
FIVE YEARS AGO TODAY… Al Gore Predicted the North Pole Will Be Ice Free in 5 Years
FL Appellate Court Grants Self Defense Immunity To Black Defender
FL-13 A Bigger Defeat Than Advertised
FL-13 Fallout Watch: Two Democratic House candidates drop out this week.
FL: Military Lawyer Misspoke on Concealed Carry Reform
FL:A state preemption bill for knives
FL:Bill to Allow Citizens Guns in Emergencies Passes Senate Committee
FL:Defensive Display (warning shot) Bill Proposed
FL:Defensive Display and (warning shot) Bill Supported by Public Defenders, Opposed by Prosecutor
FL:Open Carry Prompts Curiosity
FL:Reform of Stand Your Ground Law Passes House
FL:Thoughts on Warning Shots From a Police Firearms Instructor
FLASH: Stockman grabs one of the biggest Tea Party endorsements in Texas
FLASHBACK: A&E Tried to Cut 'Jesus' from 'Duck Dynasty' Family Prayers
FLASHBACK: Biden in 2008: ‘Thank God Robert Gates is in Charge’
FLASHBACK: May 2013 Hoboken NJ Mayor Dawn Zimmer PRAISED Rockfeller Investment in Hoboken's Future
FLASHBACK: NASA say green house gasses to cause FEWER polar outbreaks!
FLORIDA LAWMAKERS PASS WARNING SHOT LEGISLATION, NOW HEADS TO GOV. SCOTT
FLORIDA SPECIAL ELECTION RESULTS: GOP'S DAVID JOLLY LEADS
FLOTUS, Ferrell tape Let’s Move! clip
FLOTUS’s parenting prescription for Justin Bieber woes
FMU Student Allegedly Lured Into Dorm Room & Beaten
FNC Shows Flashback to Obama Ridiculing Romney:
FOIA Doc: 'Homeland' Monitors DRUDGE REPORT...
FOOD PRICES SKYROCKETING SINCE 2011 WHILE WAGES STAGNANT
FOP Sends Scathing Letter to Obama Opposing "Race-Baiting" Civil Rights Nominee
FORT MILL (SC): 2 Columbia men shot, killed at party at Fort Mill armory
FOX 'COSMOS' RATINGS DISASTER... (Drudge Headline)
FP&L – No “Choice” of Meters for 36,000 Floridians (Smart Meters)
FR EXCLUSIVE: re newspaper chain plans to publish info on concealed weapons permits
FR Needs Your Help TODAY! Less than 5k to GO! [FReepathon Thread XXXIX]
FR Wikipedia entry
FR contest: we need new components for the acronym "BOHICA"
FR is pro-God, pro-Life, pro-family, pro-constitution, pro-limited government. Period!!
FR needs your continuing support. Your support keeps FR alive!! [FReepathon Thread IX]
FR song parody contest: "Limbo Rock"..just like Obama's poll numbers.."How low can you go?"
FRACKING SAVES WATER?
FRANÇOIS HOLLANDE HALTS SAME-SEX PARENTING LAW AFTER HUGE PRO-TRADITIONAL FAMILY MARCH
FREE HENNY PENNY!
FREEDOM FOUNDATION PROTECTS HOUSEBOAT RESIDENTS FROM DNR TORPEDOES
FREEP THIS POLL: Should Coeur d'Alene permit concealed weapons at parades and festivals?
FREEREPUBLIC: 2014 New Year’s Resolution for all True Patriots
FRESH PRINCE's 'Uncle Phil' James Avery Dies at 68
FReep Oppty: Obama to visit Fresno, Firebaugh and Los Banos, Friday, Feb 14, 2:30pm - 5:30pm
FReep a nobama poll
FReep this Facebook Page: 'Bring Back Phil Robertson' ('LIKE' page if on Facebook)
FReep this poll
FReep this poll: topics for Obama's SOTU address
FReeper Betty Jane Needs Gun Rights Advice
FReeper Canteen - Christmas Music Dedication - 21 Dec 2013
FReeper Canteen - Christmas Tunes For Our Troops - 14 Dec 2013
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For Our Troops - 1 Feb 2014
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For Our Troops - 11 Jan 2014
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For Our Troops - 12 April 2014
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For Our Troops - 15 March 2014
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For Our Troops - 18 Jan 2014
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For Our Troops - 22 March 2014
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For Our Troops - 25 Jan 2014
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For Our Troops - 29 March 2014
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For Our Troops - 4 Jan 2014
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For Our Troops - 5 April 2014
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For Our Troops - 7 Dec 2013
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For The Troops - 1 March 2014
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For The Troops - 22 Feb 2014
FReeper Canteen - Tunes For our Troops - 8 Feb 2014
FReeper Canteen - Valentines For Our Troops - 15 Feb 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Are You A Cook or A Baker? ~ 09 April 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Are You Right or Left Brained? ~ 08 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Berlin Airlift Part 2: Operations ~ December 9, 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Do You Know Your State Capitals? ~ 22 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ For Unto You Is Born This Day...A Savior...Christ The Lord ~ 25 December 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes ~ Lafayette Escadrille ~ March 10, 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes: Art Duncan ~ February 17, 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes: Christmas Truce ~ December 30, 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes: HMS Glowworm ~ January 6, 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes: Hobey Baker ~ March 3, 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes: Jack Lucas ~ February 24, 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes: Jeremiah Denton ~ March 31, 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes: John James McGinty III ~ February 3, 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes: MAJ George E. Wahlen ~ January 27, 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes: Marcus Luttrell ~ January 20, 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes: Melvin Morris ~ March 24, 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes: Ola L Mize ~ March 17, 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes: Rodolfo P. Hernandez ~ January 13, 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Hall of Heroes: Sir Nicholas Winton ~ February 10, 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Happy New Year 2014 ~ 01 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ How Well Do You Know Your States? ~ 05 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ How's Your Attention Span? ~ 26 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Just Hangin' Cafe ~ 11 April 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Just Hangin' Cafe ~ 14 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Just Hangin' Cafe ~ 14 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Just Hangin' Cafe ~ 17 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Just Hangin' Cafe ~ 20 December 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Just Hangin' Cafe ~ 28 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Just Hangin' Cafe ~ 28 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Just Hangin' Cafe ~ 3 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Just Hangin' Cafe ~ 31 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Just Hangin' Cafe ~ 6 December 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Naval Computer & Telecommunications Area Master Station, Hawaii ~ 18 MARCH 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Peterson Air Force Base, Colorado ~ 25 MARCH 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 02 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 03 April 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 05 December 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 06 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 06 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 09 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 10 April 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 13 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 13 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 16 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 19 December 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 20 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 20 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 23 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 26 December 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 27 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 27 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering Our Troops!! ~ 30 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Remembering The Troops!! ~ 12 December 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland ~ 11 MARCH 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: Camp Pendleton, California ~ 28 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: Fort Campbell, Kentucky ~ 11 FEB 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: Fort Campbell, Kentucky ~ 31 DEC 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: Fort Rucker, Alabama ~ 24 DEC 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, California ~ 01 APR 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: Marine Corps Recruit Depot, Parris Island, South Carolina ~ 18 FEB 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: Maxwell-Gunter Air Force Base, Alabama ~ 25 FEB 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: Naval Air Station Key West, Florida ~ 04 FEB 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: Naval Air Station, Meridian, Mississippi ~ 04 MARCH 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: Naval Special Warfare Command, California ~ 10 DEC 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: Shaw Air Force Base, South Carolina ~ 17 DEC 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: U.S. Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, D.C. ~ 07 JAN 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: USS Carl Vinson ~ CVN 70 ~ 14 JAN 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico ~ 21 JAN 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Road Trip: Yuma Proving Ground, Arizona ~ 08 APRIL 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel Palm Sunday ~ NAVIGATION ~ 13 April 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ A FRIEND IS..... ~ 29 December 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ ATTITUDE ~ 30 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ CHANGE FOR BETTER SERVICE ~ 02 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ DARE TO DREAM ~ 16 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ GOD WILL NOT LET YOU FALL ~ 23 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ HAVE I EARNED TOMORROW? ~ 26 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ How Big Is One? ~ 05 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ INTEGRITY: THE HEART OF NAVY CORE VALUES ~ 19 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ LEADERSHIP AND LISTENING ~ 06 April 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ PSALM 121 ~ 12 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT ~ 23 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ THE CRACKED POT ~ 09 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ THE VISIT ~ 15 December 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ The Gift of The Magi ~ 22 December 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ The Real Meaning of Peace ~ 08 December 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ U-571 ~ 02 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ YOU ARE NOT SUPERMAN ~ 16 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Sunday Chapel ~ You Will Never Be Sorry For... ~ 09 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ The Berlin Airlift Part 3: Operation Little Vittles ~ December 16, 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ The Berlin Airlift Part 4: The Legacy ~ December 23, 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ Tunes For The Troops! ~ 28 Dec 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ What Does Your Birthstone Say About You? ~ 02 April 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ What Fast Food Restaurant Are You? ~ 15 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ What Holiday Cookie Are You? ~ 18 December 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ What Holiday Drink Are You? ~ 04 December 2013
FReeper Canteen ~ What Is Your Leprechaun Name? ~ 12 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ What Jungle Animal Are You? ~ 29 January 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ What Kind of Thinker Are You? ~ 05 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ What Sea Person Are You? ~ 19 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ What Type of Valentine Are You? ~ 12 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ What Vitamin Are You? ~ 26 March 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ What's Your Hidden Talent? ~ 19 February 2014
FReeper Canteen ~ Which of The 12 Days of Christmas Are You? ~ 11 December 2013
FReepers: We Need to Ramp It UP! Super Bowl & Ground Hog's Day! [FReepathon thread XVIII]
FReepers: We need your help to keep the lights on!! [FReepathon thread XIII]
FReepers: We need your help to keep the lights on!! [FReepathon thread XIV]
FReepers: We need your help to keep the lights on!! [FReepathon thread XVII]
FReepers: We need your help to keep the lights on!! [FReepathon thread XVI]
FReepers: We need your help to keep the lights on!! [FReepathon thread XV]
FRom The Wall Street Journal:The 2,000 War Veterans Lobotomized By Their Own Doctors
FSF responds to Microsoft's privacy and encryption announcement
FSU 2013-14 the best college football team of all time?
FSU Investigates Jameis Winston, Charges 2 Teammates In Rape Case
FSU sells 'wrong score' t-shirts
FSU’s Winston won’t be charged
FULL AUDIO: Breitbart’s Joel Pollak discusses the life of Nelson Mandela on the Mark Levin Show
FULL DOCUMENTARY: Bankrupt – How Cronyism and Corruption Brought Down Detroit
FYI: Hot Air registration is now open..today only
Face the Truth: Pakistan Is Not An Ally
Facebook & Instagram In Talks With Gun Control Advocates Seeking To Ban Gun Sales On Social Sites
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg Donates $992 Million to Charity Funding Planned Parenthood
Facebook Censors The People's Cube for 12 Hours (posted Lesbian Joke)
Facebook HQ Evacuated
Facebook Hoax Targets N.J. Teen Suing Parents, Lawyer Says
Facebook Is Building A Massive New Business That Exploits A Key Weakness At Apple And Google
Facebook Opens Up LGBTQ-Friendly Gender Identity And Pronoun Options
Facebook Sued For Allegedly Selling Private Message Info To Marketers
Facebook Wants to Build 11,000 Drones to Bring Internet to Africa
Facebook adds 50 gender options for users: For those who can't make up their minds
Facebook adds 50 new gender terms, as well as preferred pronoun choices, to social media site
Facebook bans admin of new 'Boycott A&E' page for generating too much support
Facebook can tell when 'in a relationship' is about to begin
Facebook lawsuit over claims it spies on users' private messages to sell data to advertisers
Facebook meme claims Rand Paul and Marco Rubio have anti-science views on dinosaurs, earth's age
Facebook mulling policy changes on gun-themed pages (exclusive)[Bloomberg, of course]
Facebook sued for allegedly scanning your private messages
Facebook to Gun Control Groups: We're Not Selling Anything
Facebook ‘basically dead and buried’ among teens, as their parents increasingly embrace it: study
Facebook's Zuckerberg Gets $3.2B Richer in Single Day
Facebook, Instagram Meeting with Gun Control Groups
Faced with no chance of parole, ex-soldier convicted of killing Iraqi family hangs self
Faceoff in Arkansas
Faces of Religion
Faces of the Boom: Nurses from Philippines give boost to Oil Patch health care
Faces of the uninsured: five years later
Facing 50,000-application backlog, insurance marketplace chief breaks down in tears
Facing Boycott, Girl Scouts Hide Support for Planned Parenthood, Abortion
Facing Reality on Carbon Dioxide
Facing drought, California will not allot water to farmers, cities
Facing tough Senate races, Reid, fellow Dems turn their attack on Koch brothers
Fact Check on Education Spending
Fact Check: Paul Ryan Twisted Truth to Sell Budget Deal to House
Fact Check: Thad Cochran Hasn't Always Voted Against Amnesty
Fact Checking the 2014 State of the Union address
Fact and Fiction About Right-to-Work: A Reality Check at the One-Year Anniversary
Fact check: Anti-Obamacare chorus is off key
Fact, Fiction, And 11 Bitcoin Myths
Fact-Checker: 'Four Pinocchios' for Latest WH Obamacare Claim
FactChecker: Super Bowl Sex Trafficking and Other Myths
Factcheck: Harry Reid overstates success of Obamacare
Factcheck: Obama Report Card - Stagnant Wages, <br>Record Corporate Profits
Factor the shale-energy surge into economic recovery models
Factory Jobs Are Gone. Get Over It (link only)
Facts, Not Fiction, on State School Spending
Faculty at Jesuit University Vote for Continued Abortion Coverage
Fail: Mary Landrieu Has Exact Same Issues Page As Michelle Nunn (website glitch)
Failed Armed Robbery Suspect Arrested
Failed Strategy of the Pro-Life Movement [Persuasion needed, not legislation]
Failing Education: The True Cause Of Income Inequality
Failing Liberals Turn To Oppression To Hold On To Power
Failure to Launch (1/3 of millennials lives w/parents)
Failure to Launch - How Obama Fumbled HealthCare.gov
Failure to Report
Failures of socialism on tragic display in Venezuela. How can people be so blind?
Fair Elections
Fair Share or Their Share?
Fairbanks man holds would-be burglars at gunpoint until police arrive
Fairbanksans build an igloo to beat the wintertime blues
Fairfax schools finds seven felons among employees, including heroin smuggler
Fairhaven Marine, 19, killed in Afghanistan
Fairy Tale Minimum Wage Economics
Faith Leaders Wrestle Over Growing Support for Marijuana
Faith Rising in East, Setting in West? Europe and Christianity
Faith and Bible Tales Make Believers of Hollywood
Faith leaders urge Redskins owner Dan Snyder and NFL to change team’s name
Faith-based alternative to Girl Scouts focuses on character building
Faiths File Amicus Brief on Marriage Cases Before Tenth Circuit Court
Fake CIA agent helped craft sweeping environmental rules while at EPA
Fake Catholic Douglas Kmiec wants to play “Judas Goat” for Hillary in 2016
Fake EPA Spy Sentenced to 32 Months in Jail
Fake Mandela signer ‘helped burn 2 men to death in 2003’
Fake Romeo Kills Online Date, Flees With $90,000
Fake snow, 63F heat and an icy chill of fear: Is this the most insane Winter Olympics ever?
Fallen Marine Rafael Peralta’s family accuses reporter of playing ‘race card’
Fallen soldier awarded Victoria Cross
Fallin challenger switching to Senate race (Oklahoma)
Fallin declares state of emergency; Snow, sleet to continue through Friday in Tulsa area
Fallin issues order supporting common core
Falling in Line? Dem Congressman on ‘Hillary’s Hit List’ Now Endorses Her for 2016
Fallon On ObamaCare Goal: 'It's Amazing What You Can Achieve When You Make Something Mandatory'
Fallout From Syria Conflict Takes Rising Toll on Mideast
Fallujah falls to al-Qaeda, Obama goes golfing
Falluja’s Fall Stuns Marines Who Fought There
False Leads Plague Search for Plane
False Obedience and the "Rehabilitation" of Teilhard de Chardin in "Osservatore Romano"
False alarm: First responders exempt from Obamacare employer calculations, Treasury says
False flag ops in Ukraine and Syria
Famed Exorcist Comes to Miami, Puts Santeria on Blast
Famed Jesuit priest abducted, beaten and executed in Syria
Families Protest Alabama Lawmaker's Racist Comments
Families of 9/11 victims more politically active — and more Republican
Families, protestors angered over arrests at Baldwin Park checkpoint
Familiy files lawsuit against gunmaker in teen's death
Family Animals Surrendered on Exotic Pet Amnesty Day
Family Dog Found Dead Inside Car Stolen from Gilroy Walmart
Family Dog Ran Back Into A Burning Building [to save kittens.] (w/video)
Family Dollar to close (370) stores as shoppers pinched (Recovery Spring!)
Family Dollar to close stores as shoppers pinched
Family Friend Fatally Shoots Boy Scout's Attacker: Police
Family Mourns Dog Killed by Deputy
Family Of Italian Tourist Killed On Venice Boardwalk Files Claim Against City Of Los Angeles
Family Says Moore Police Beat Father To Death
Family Shares Happy Memories Of Engaged Couple Killed In Orland Crash
Family Sues Petco After Calif. Boy, 10, Dies From Rat Bite Fever
Family Threatens Lawsuit, Action With Calif. Dept. Of Education Over Senior’s Suspension
Family Who Sued Kaiser After Daughter’s Death Fights Law That Limits Malpractice Payout
Family Witnesses Bigfoot Squatting Among Abandoned Detroit Homes
Family alleges Ohio execution unconstitutional
Family battling Massachusetts hospital to bring daughter home
Family calls 911 after crazed cat attacks baby, holds owners hostage
Family celebrates immigrant's temporary reprieve
Family claims hacker taking control of cable box, sending threats
Family dog shot by police officer in Maryland
Family dog slain in burglary and hanged in closet
Family jihad: Father takes five sons to join Syrian jihadists
Family name means a lot in land commissioner race (Another LSM endorsement for George P. Bush)
Family near Marmet, WV believes someone shot their pet pig
Family of 'affluenza' teen settles with victims' families
Family of American held in North Korea angry at Dennis Rodman
Family of Fort Hood fallen soldier receives Hero’s Welcome
Family of Oakland Girl on Ventilator Furious After Meeting With Hospital Officials (Tonsil Surgery)
Family of Six-Year-Old Cancer Patient Loses Coverage, Now Faces Soaring Premiums
Family of teenage boy 'killed by girlfriend's father..... demand that SHE is charged
Family of young fire hero Tyler Doohan, now fighting over fundraiser money [title abbreviated]
Family promise gave life to man in 31-year coma
Family props up, poses with dead boxer
Family rescued after van goes into ocean off Daytona Beach
Family sues US after dead Marine's body sent home without heart
Family watches in horror as city tears down home days before Christmas
Family with rare medical conditions denied Obamacare coverage, now struggling
Family's $ million medieval-style dream mansion that took three years to build burns to the ground
Family, politicians battle over "Brand Mandela"
Family-Run Business Tells Supreme Court: Stop Obama’s HHS Mandate (Mennonite)
Family-owned Colo. marijuana shop wants to become 'Costco of weed' [but with armed guards]
Family: 'Strong possibility' missing woman left on her own
Family: Pa. Girl Who Got Caroling Wish Has Died
Fan of ‘black metal’ band stabs their lead singer to death for ‘not being Satanic enough’
Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac Nationalized, Shareholders Lost Billions
Fans Voice Support for 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson
Fans bet record $119M on Super Bowl
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 10, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 11, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 12, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 13, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 16, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 17, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 18, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 19, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 20, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 23, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 26, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 27, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 30, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 4, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 5, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 6, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - December 9, 2013
Fans of Quinn & Rose Daily Discussion - January 2, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - February 3, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Friday, April 11, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Friday, April 4, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Friday, February 14, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Friday, February 21, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Friday, February 28, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Friday, February 7, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Friday, March 14, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Friday, March 21, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Friday, March 28, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Friday, March 7, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 13, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 14, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 15, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 16, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 17, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 20, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 21, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 22, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 23, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 24, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 27, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 28, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 29, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 3, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 30, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 31, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 6, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 7, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 8, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - January 9, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Monday, February 10, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Monday, February 17, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Monday, February 24, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Monday, March 10, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Monday, March 17, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Monday, March 24, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Monday, March 3, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Monday, March 31, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Thursday, April 10, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Thursday, April 3, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Thursday, February 13, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Thursday, February 20, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Thursday, February 27, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Thursday, February 6, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Thursday, March 20, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Thursday, March 27, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Thursday, March 6, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Tuesday, April 1, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Tuesday, April 8, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Tuesday, February 11, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Tuesday, February 18, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Tuesday, February 25, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Tuesday, March 11, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Tuesday, March 18, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Tuesday, March 25, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Tuesday, March 4, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Wednesday, April 2, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Wednesday, April 9, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Wednesday, February 12, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Wednesday, February 19, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Wednesday, February 26, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Wednesday, February 5, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Wednesday, March 12, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Wednesday, March 19, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Wednesday, March 26, 2014
Fans of Quinn and Rose Daily Discussion - Wednesday, March 5, 2014
Fans riot on University Boulevard after Elite Eight loss
Fantastic Video: Greg Gutfeld Talks About Being Cool With … Don Imus?
Fantasy Baseball Openings
Far Fewer Americans Now Say Iran Is No. 1 U.S. Enemy
Far From Happy Christmas for Christians in the Holy Land
Far left set for big gains in European Parliament elections
Far-Right TGIF Toonz
Far-left surge to outnumber Liberals in EU elections, suggests poll
Farage blames BT advert for useless degrees - as he calls for Britain to legalise all drugs
Fare thee well, Georgia
Farewell Inisfada
Farewell to A Superpower
Farewell to the ‘Most Hated White Man in the South’
Farewell, Archie: Beloved comic book character to die
Farewell, Knights of Delingpole – and thank you, trolls
Farm Bill Rewards Rich Farmers, While The Rest Of Us Pay
Farm Subsidies for the Muslim Brotherhood
Farm bill deal would cut food stamps by 1 percent
Farm to fork: California drought to drive up food prices in the long term
Farmers Almanac Predicts "Piercing," "Bitterly", "Biting" Cold Weather For Super Bowl Game
Farmers Fear Proposed Water Rules Will Require Costly Permits
Farmers Target Meat-Free School With Free Burgers
Farmer’s Almanac, Chicken Entrails, AGW “Climate Scientists”
Farrakhan Calls for Separate Judicial Systems for Whites and Blacks
Farrow, After Three Days on the Air, Receives Cronkite Award
Fascinating Virginia election analysis from The Economist
Fascination with Francis Stirs Protestant Hearts
Fascination with Francis stirs Protestant hearts
Fascism and Socialism: Still Not Opposites
Fascism, Russia, and Ukraine
Fashion Designer L'Wren Scott Found Dead in Apparent Suicide in NYC
Fast and Furious defendant gets 30 years in border agent's killing
Fast and Furious questions linger as IG continues investigation (Holder hiding 3rd gun?)
Fast food CEO: How govt regulation is driving us abroad
Fast-food jobs can offer tremendous opportunities (90% of Dominoes owners began as employees)
Faster than a speeding bullet: Photographer captures split second after gun is fired
Fasting for immigration reform: Strikers go hungry in push for change
Fat Cats and Democrats
Fat Head VS. Super size me
Fatal accident involving SUV packed with (23) illegal immigrants
Fatal self-defense shootings running high in Detroit
Fatal shooting near bus punctuates violent day in Oakland
Fatal suicide attack on Afghanistan base
Fate of Ark of the Covenant Revealed in Hebrew Text
Father Accused Of Killing His Baby, Feeding Her To A Pit Bull
Father Christmas granted a walk-on part in the Bible (Santa Claus)
Father Hunwicke's Spring Examination Paper
Father Joe’s Lunch Program Receives $2 Million Donation
Father Salvany and "offensive" discourse...
Father So Heartbroken About Daughter Held at Hospital Against His Will (truncated title)
Father bit off infant's nose over crying, police say
Father charged in assault of 18-month-old child
Father of Airman shot by Opelika police officer speaks out
Father of Benghazi victim to attend State of the Union as GOP guest
Father of Chardon shooting victim found dead
Father of Colorado school shooting victim said he forgives killer
Father of Murdered Woman Says Husband Admitted to Previous Murder [American Woman Murdered in India]
Father of teen who died at West Allis store says U.S. to investigate (WI)
Father of the Canadian Flag Dies, Aged 96: "Maple Leaf" one of the world's most recognized flags
Father pays outstanding child support, still gets jail time
Father who punched a drug dealer he saw attacking a terrified woman is jailed for six years
Father, 32, and his domestic partner 'kept son, 9, captive for 8 months.......
Father, Forgive Them! {A Look at the Hurt of Divorce and Forgiveness]
Father, son found dead in underwater cave
Fats Domino Named 'Honorary Grand Marshal'
Fatwa issued against Russell Crowe's new £75million blockbuster Noah as three Arab countries ban..
Faulconer wins mayor's race (San Diego Mayor)
Fauxcahontas sending her Indian heritage down the memory hole?
Favorite Boyfriend-Girlfriend Songs.Tell us your Favorites.Freeper Canteen 12~13~13
Favorite Christmas Movies! What's Yours?
Favorite Hill and Mountains Songs.Tell us your Favorite.Freeper Canteen 4~4~14
Favorite Pick Up Line Songs - Freeper Canteen 2~21~14
Favorite Songs about Looking-Finding.Tell us your Favorite.Freeper Canteen 12~27~13
Favorite Songs about Strangers,Tell us your Favorites.Freeper Canteen 4~21~14
Favorite Songs about" Too Late".Tell us your Favorites.Freeper Canteen 1~10~14
Favorite Songs of the Seas,Tell us your favorites.4~7~14
Favorite Weather Songs.Tell us your Favorites.Freeper Canteen 1~24~14
Favorite eggnog
Fayetteville police to use new laws to target prostitution
Fayetteville veteran helped track gold stolen by Nazis
Fear And Loathing In Falls Church
Fear Arrives as Top Cadres Recalled (Purge?)
Fear Of Black Pre-Schoolers: Halting The Preschool-To-Prison Pipeline
Fear and Greed Index for markets
Fear on streets of Volgograd: 5,200 police and troops crack down on migrant workers after....
Fear: Blue State Dem Senator Won't Say If She'd Vote for Obamacare Again
Fearful moment of truth for Ukrainians and Putin: Soviet-style tyranny or freedom?
Fearing 49ers Fans, Seahawks Ban NFC Championship Ticket Sales To Californians
Fears Guinea Ebola outbreak has spread to Sierra Leone
Fears for the elderly under new NHS drugs policy (Coming Across the Pond)
Fears multiply amid surge in deportations
Fears of Volcanic Eruption as Bison Seen Fleeing Yellowstone Park (Video)
Fears over disappearance of 150 Syrian refugees from Greek village
Feast Day of the Angelic Doctor (Jan 28, St. Thomas Aquinas)
Feb 3, 1959:The day the music died
February 14, 1929 - The St. Valentine's Day Massacre left seven dead, one man in charge
February 1st: Andrew’s Birthday (Breitbart)
February Cable News Numbers: CNN Tumbles As Fox News Channel Logs 146th Consecutive Win
Feckless Farrow Frets: Does Black Director Count Toward 'Diversity' Given He's British?
Fed Cuts Monthly Asset Purchases To $55 Billion Maintaining Taper Pace, Market Awaits Yellen Remarks
Fed Doesn't Have Authority to Regulate Bitcoin, Yellen Says
Fed Minutes Show a Majority Believe "Marginal Efficacy of QE is Likely Declining"
Fed Tapers with Cornucopia of Dovish Platitudes; You Talk Too Much!
Fed Tweaks Rate Guidance, Lessening Weight on Unemployment Rate
Fed budget bill to cost taxpayers $3M per word ( and Boehner approves every dollar)
Fed confirms weather-related drag on U.S. economy in early 2014
Fed could set off year-end fireworks
Fed in focus after emerging market mauling
Fed may need to let inflation run hot to meet goals: Evans (here it comes!)
Fed may raise rates as soon as next spring, Yellen suggests
Fed officials wanted more power over Wall St during 2008 crisis (shocking!/s)
Fed to Raise Interest Rates on Obama's Weak, Struggling and Jobless Economy
Fed's Bullard says U.S. jobless rate expected to fall below six percent this year (utter BS!)
Fed's Fisher bashes U.S. politicians for slowing economic growth
Fed's Fisher wants December taper, clear path to end of QE3
Fed's Kocherlakota blasts new rate guidance
Fed's Lacker sees muted U.S. growth, less policy stimulus (sees growth at bottom end of range)
Fed's Plosser 'very worried' about QE consequences
Fed's Plosser at odds with policy approach favored by Yellen
Fed-Up Eric Holder Rips Congress: ‘Unprecedented, Unwarranted, Ugly and Divisive’
Fed-Up Father Of Bullied Son Files Restraining Order Against Fairfield 9-Year-Old
Fed-Up Holder Rips 'Unprecedented, Unwarranted, Ugly and Divisive' Congress
Fed-Up Veteran Tells Paul Ryan What He Thinks of ‘Bipartisan’ Budget Deal
Fed-Up Veteran Tells Paul Ryan What He Thinks of ‘Bipartisan’ Budget Deal in Viral Open Letter
Fed-Up Veteran Warned Lawmakers on Gun Registration: ‘I’m Telling You Right Now, I Will Not Comply’
FedEx Posts 3Q Miss, Blames Bad Weather for Weak Volumes
Federal Agency Wastes Taxpayer Money on Unproven Mental Health Treatments
Federal Agents Conduct Raid on ‘Machine Gun Preacher,’ ‘Totally Destroyed’ Charity’s Shipment
Federal Air Marshalls Director Resigns Over SIG Selling Scheme
Federal Appeals Court Allows Schools to Ban U.S. Flag Shirts to Avoid Racist Mexican Violence
Federal Court Rejects Green Party Attack on Voter ID
Federal Court Says ‘Good Cause’ Requirement for Conceal-Carry Permits Violates the Second Amendment
Federal Court Voids 7-Round Mag Limit of NY’s SAFE Act, Allows Rest
Federal Court: Obama’s Partnership With Mexican Drug Cartels Goes Far Beyond Guns
Federal Courts: Obama Partnership With Drug Cartels Deeper Than Weapons
Federal Dietary Guideline Committee Focused on ‘Population Behavior Change’
Federal Exchange Incorrectly Sending People to Medicaid (Pelosi knew)
Federal Gov't Closes Due to Threat of Snow
Federal Government Wastes $100 Billion per Year on Erroneous Payments
Federal Government to seek full cost recovery for Antarctic expedition rescue
Federal High Risk Pools Extended For A Month
Federal Income Tax Rates for the Year 2013 (Merry Christmas, right)
Federal Judge Calls Obamacare "Totally Ineffective" While Striking Down Contraception Mandate
Federal Judge Hands Republicans In Kansas, Arizona A Big Win In Voting Rights Fight
Federal Judge Issues Temporary Order That Tennessee Recognize Several Same-Sex Couples’ Marriages
Federal Judge Says California ‘Waiting Period’ Gun Laws Are Likely Unconstitutional
Federal Judge Says Ohio Must Recognize Same-Sex Couples’ Out-Of-State Marriages
Federal Judge Tosses Lawsuit Challenging Nebraska’s Ban on Driver’s Licenses for Illegal Aliens
Federal Judge Upholds State's Tough Assault Weapons Ban (CT's Whole Anti 2nd Law Upheld)
Federal Judge: Mt. Soledad Cross Must Come Down
Federal Judge: Right to Same-Sex Marriage Is 'Deeply Rooted in Nation’s History ...
Federal Judge: Right to Same-Sex Marriage Is 'Deeply Rooted in Nation’s History and
Federal Judge: Right to Same-Sex Marriage Is 'Deeply Rooted in Nation’s History and Implicit
Federal Prison Population Grows 27 Percent in 10 Years
Federal Report Faults Cover Oregon, Oracle (Obamacare Website)
Federal Reserve Expected To Announce Taper This Afternoon
Federal State Is Only Solution for Ukraine – Lavrov
Federal Stealth Gun Control by the EPA
Federal Task Force Blocked Investigation, Retaliated Against Agents
Federal Washington cashes in on connections
Federal agency pulls back in Nevada ranch standoff, but legal fight remains
Federal agreement is only way to reach Ukraine settlement – Lavrov (Russia lays out terms to Obama)
Federal appeals court orders Google to remove Mohammed movie from YouTube
Federal appeals court upholds sex change for Mass. inmate convicted of killing wife in 1990
Federal appeals court vacates ban on US horse slaughter
Federal audit calls new school lunch rules a failure
Federal authorities charge white ‘knockout’ suspect with hate crime
Federal complaint details Acampo man’s arrest on terrorism charge
Federal court asked to rule on fort's water use (the question is, can we shut down Ft Huachuca?)
Federal court rules North Carolina 'Choose Life' license plate unconstitutional
Federal court: No halt to gay marriages in Utah
Federal court: North Carolina’s ‘choose life’ license plates are unconstitutional
Federal duck stamp cost might increase
Federal employee unions use tax-funded official time, money to build political muscle
Federal employees still wondering if government will close Christmas Eve
Federal government not as important as politicians believe
Federal government to recognize same-sex marriages in Utah
Federal grant to address LGBTQ youth homelessness
Federal guidance on pot business leaves banks wary
Federal judge (in Oklahoma) deals another blow to ObamaCare contraceptive mandate
Federal judge asks: Why haven’t any top executives been prosecuted for financial crisis? [link only]
Federal judge decides: Oklahoma’s ban on gay marriage is unconstitutional
Federal judge declares Utah polygamy law unconstitutional (vanity)
Federal judge dismisses most of remaining Katrina damage lawsuits
Federal judge rules drivers allowed to flash headlights to warn of speed traps
Federal judge rules key part of Utah bigamy law unconstitutional
Federal judge strikes down Chicago gun law
Federal judge strikes down Kentucky ban on same-sex marriages performed in other states
Federal judge strikes down Okla. same-sex marriage ban
Federal judge strikes down Texas gay marriage ban
Federal judge strikes down Va. ban on gay marriage
Federal judge to hear Indiana gay couple's request
Federal judge upholds key provisions of strict New York gun law
Federal judge upholds majority of SAFE Act [Law is likely to face further challenges]
Federal judge: Yes, Arizona and Kansas can require voters to prove their citizenship
Federal jury convicts former Arkansas treasurer
Federal law blocking cheap Texas fuel from reaching frozen East Coast
Federal law says you CAN opt out of Obamacare and CAN NOT be penalized if you do
Federal prosecutors balk at Holder push to reduce drug sentences
Federal prosecutors subpoena New Jersey Gov. Christie's campaign, GOP
Federal report questions 'all funds given' to Brown Foundation
Federal rules leave drought-stricken California high and dry
Federal team will try to lift crashed plane from seafloor
Federal workers watch 'Star Trek' on clock
Federal workers' records mishandled 4,000 times at St. Louis County facility, audit reveals
Federal workers’ job satisfaction falls, with Homeland Security Dept. ranking lowest...(waah)
Federalism Prohibits Preemption of States on Broadband Safeguards
Federalism: The Founders' Legacy
Federalist 33, The Elastic Clause and The Democrat Tenet
Federalizing 4-Year-Olds
Federally funded sex ed program teaches Hawaii middle schoolers that butts are genitals
Feds Blow $100 Billion Annually on Incorrect Payments
Feds Blow $100 Billion Annually on Incorrect Payments ( Torches and Pitchforks time!)
Feds Charge Philadelphia Ironworkers (Local 401) with Extortion, Arson and Racketeering
Feds Interrogate Man Wearing Google Glass in Movie Theater
Feds Look For Child Porn On Lawmaker’s Computers
Feds Offer Another Break To People Losing Health Coverage [Obama Changes Law Again]
Feds Pay Back Feds the Bailout Money from Feds and Feds Are Happy, But You Lose. Again
Feds Searching for Friend of Boston Marathon Suspect, 'Concern' Over Chechnya Trip
Feds Set Aside Habitat In Southwest For Jaguar [ Arizona and New Mexico ]
Feds Spend $224, 250 to Change How Kids Order Food(restaurant-based intervention)
Feds Spend $356,337 on ‘Simulation Facility’ to Study How People Cross the Road
Feds Spending $175,000 to Observe ‘Swimming Abilities’ of Fish
Feds To End Controversial Secret Alcohol Testing At Roadblocks
Feds To Give LA $67M In Grant Money To Connect LA Trains
Feds accuse background check contractor of fraud
Feds advise ObamaCare navigators to stop paper apps for enrollment
Feds announce drone testing sites in Alaska, Nevada, New York, North Dakota, Texas, Virginia
Feds announce plans for stricter wood stove regulations (EPA again)
Feds approve more fracking off California coast
Feds begin killing barred owls to help save spotted owl
Feds charge Bitcoin start-up founder with money laundering
Feds defy warnings over porn surfing; more get caught years after scandal
Feds deny state bids to tighten voter registration
Feds fine oil company for failing to report production
Feds give 2-year grace period for non-Obamacare plans [and a special, illegal exemption for unions]
Feds investigate Florida's Bright Futures scholarships (SAT qualification discriminatory)
Feds move in on Nevada rancher's herd over illegal grazing
Feds must introduce legislation to 'address the effects of prostitution': MacKay
Feds must pay legal fees in seizing of more than $1M in cash from exotic dancer
Feds open investigation of Md. ObamaCare site
Feds pick Obama supporter to lead probe of IRS tea party targeting
Feds raid Ironworkers Union headquarters; 10 arrested
Feds raid gun parts stores despite court order
Feds recommend reform group created by terrorist Bill Ayers
Feds say they disrupted suicide bomb plot against Wichita airport
Feds say they disrupted suicide bomb plot by worker at Wichita airport
Feds spent $700,000 on a climate change musical
Feds sue Long Island Town of Oyster Bay, allege housing discrimination against blacks
Feds to require rearview cameras in new vehicles
Feds to seek death penalty against accused Boston bomber Tsarnaev
Feds want to track your DNA like a license plate
Feds warn pilots not to land at wrong airport
Feds will probe post-Sandy TV ads that starred Christie, lawmaker says
Feds' website gives states incomplete Medicaid data
Feds: Former Santa Cruz woman, Teddy Bear Paradise, threatens to kill president
Feds: Illegal money funneled to SD pols
Feds: Leaker's plea spares secrets
Feds: Marathon suspect made detrimental remark [Tsarnaev - Boston Bomber]
Feds: NSA ‘Probably’ Spies on Members of Congress (explains weak-kneed GOP?)
Feds: State health exchange enrollment nearly 500k (California)
Feds’ shutdown of a California farm threatens all farmers’ rights
Fed’s Dirty Little Secret: “The Gold Isn’t There (shortened)
Feeling US snub, Saudis strengthen ties elsewhere
Feeling besieged, tea party groups prepare for policy battles [MSM paints picture of T.P.]
Feiglin Attacks Jewish Home, Own Party Over Gay Marriage (Israel)
Feiglin: The ‘Right’ Has Disappeared From Knesset (on vote against dividing Jerusalem)
Feinstein Statement on Leland Yee
Feinstein Wants Obama to Pull a Clinton on Firearm Importation
Feinstein: 'We Cannot Let Israel Determine When and Where the United States Goes to War'
Feinstein: CIA Searched Intelligence Committee Computers (Referred to DOJ for criminal probe)
Feline friends: Teens volunteer as ‘cat cuddlers’
Felines Bring Us Steps Closer to HIV Vaccine
Fellow Students – Stand Up To Outrageous Bias and Left-Wing Hat
Female Integration into Combat Roles Could Harm National Security
Female Iranian soccer players to undergo gender testing
Female K-9 officer wins $7.5M in sexual harassment lawsuit accusing her superior of making.......
Female Malayan tiger killed during mating at San Diego Zoo
Female Marine Pullup Failure Doesn’t Mean Women Aren’t Strong
Female Marines Not Required To Do 1 Pull-Up
Female Marines not required to do one pullup
Female Pilot in 'Shock' After Passenger Leaves Sexist Note
Female Teacher Who Raped 6th Grade Boy Won’t Face Jail Time (VIDEO) (GUILTY)
Female Temple University student, 19, is hit in the face with a BRICK by gang of children
Female firearms officers win £70,000 payout...because their guns were too big for their small hands
Femen's Violent, Anti-Christian Matriarchy Would Be Hell
Feminist Mob Invades Catholic Church, Unfurls Pro-Abortion Banner on Altar
Feminist Studies Professor Accused of Assaulting Teenage Prolife Demonstrator
Feminist prof now claims ‘MORAL RIGHT’ to attack 16-year-old abortion foe, destroy sign
Feminist “Comedian:” I’d Personally Like to Castrate Every Male Conservative Christian
Feminists Attack Wikipedia
Feminists Launch Big Push For Radical Abortion Laws At UN
Feminists Outraged After Female Author Writes Book Encouraging Women to Get Married and Be
Feminists Outraged Over New Book by ‘Princeton Mom’
Fennelly: An uneasy Heisman handoff
Ferrari F1 Pit Stop Perfection
Festivus pole to go up in Florida Capitol rotunda
Few in Ukraine – Including in the East — Support Separatism or Joining Russia, Poll Shows
Few transportation fuels surpass the energy densities of gasoline and diesel
Fewer Jobs, Shrinking Workforce Expose a Disturbing Trend
Fewer than 2 million signed up for Medicaid under the health law, report says
Fiat reaches deal to buy remaining 41.5% of Chrysler shares
Fiat recalling more than 18,000 2014 Fiat 500Ls
Fiddler on the Hoof Reset This
Fidel Castro Finally Appears in Public
Fidel Castro makes 1st public appearance in 9 months
Fidgety Democrats: These Obamacare 'Fixes' Aren't Sufficient
Field Poll Shows Californians Abandoning Obama
Field Poll: Californians like Obama much more than rest of nation does
Field of chairman candidates whittled to one
Fiery Maduro foe now fights from Venezuela jail
Fiery train derailment leads to evacuation
Fifa Allows Wearing of Head Covers For Religious Reasons [Bowing To Pressure!]
Fifth-century church in Roman Forum to reopen to public
Fifty thousand Orthodox Jews take over TEN BLOCKS of New York in protest over Israeli army plan..
Fight Back Against ‘War on Women’ Attacks, RNC Resolution Urges
Fight breaks out near Santa's booth at Mall St. Matthews (Louisville, KY)
Fight homelessness! Slash regulations.
Fight over cross heads to Supreme Court
Fight promoter: Mexican boxer Gonzalez dies after knockout
Fighter jet battles flare up in emerging nations
Fighting Against the Fight against Rising Tuition Costs
Fighting Among Rebels Boosts Syrian Regime
Fighting Irish Stiff-Arm Barack
Fighting Words: Schäuble Says Putin’s Crimea Plans Reminiscent of Hitler (Germany finance minister)
Fighting a McDonald’s in Queens for the Right to Sit. And Sit. And Sit.
Fighting dog attacked baby girl in pram ( Sweden )
Fighting for What’s Right on Defense
Fighting the Great War
Fighting to Win the Culture War
Fighting to get the trout back
Fights Break Out Across America Over Latest Air Jordans Release
Figure Skater Johnny Weir and "Husband" Split
Figure skating champ, US Sochi delegate Brian Boitano says he's gay
Figures. Obama Tried to Sign Up for Obamacare But “System Couldn’t Verify His Identity” (Video)
Figuring out the Liberal Mind
Files Show Chicago Archdiocese Hid Decades Of Child Sex Abuse
Filioque (before the Nicene Creed)
Filipino Caregiver a Favorite to Win ‘X-Factor Israel’
Filipino Marines kill 6 Muslim extremists in clash
Filipinos battle with police over scheduled Obama’s visit (And Japan, South Korea and Malaysia)
Fill in the blank on Obamacare's "mom jeans" ad to help it tell the truth
Film Review: In ‘Noah,’ a hard rain
Film Star Sean Connery Urges Scots to Leave UK
Filmmaker prosecution revives accusations of conservative targeting
Filmmakers seek support for film on abortionist Kermit Gosnell
Filmmakers want to make $2.1m ‘true crime’ movie about Kermit Gosnell
Filthy water in Winter Olympic residences.
FinCEN Declares Bitcoin Miners, Investors Aren’t Money Transmitters
FinCEN: Bitcoin Miners Need Not Register as Money Transmitters
Final OK for Georgia’s ‘slowpoke’ bill
Final Report of Cold Fusion 101 Class at MIT: The NANOR Emerges
Final Sochi Winter Olympics 2014 medal count: Russia finishes with most medals
Final words from jet came after systems shutdown
Finally a Hollywood Movie Depicts a Terrorist Sleeper Cell in Dearborn… in a Russian Church
Finally out of the closet
Finally, An Orthodox Pope?
Finally, Dallas-Fort Worth workers have reason to feel richer
Finally, Obamacare is Working!
Finally, One Obama Radical Bites the Dust
Finally, Pajama Boy gets covered!
Finally. Bradley (AKA Chelsea) Manning to Grand Marshal gay pride parade
Finally: Mississippi to Start Drug Testing Those Receiving Financial Aid Benefits
Finance officials: Global economy turns the corner (so says policy-setting panel of IMF)
Financial Advice - Vanity
Financial Repression From The Obama Administration: How Savers May Be Forced To Buy Federal Debt
Financial questions seen for US shale gas, tight-oil plays
Financier Charles Keating dead at age 90
Find the cow
Find the sniper quiz (10 Pictures)
Finding Answers
Finding a parish I can love aligned with a pope I can follow
Finding a way around Obamacare: Medi-Share a Christian healthcare insurance plan
Finding and Losing the World's Oldest Subway Tunnel (& a steam loco)
Finding lost Malaysia plane may be impossible: US official
Finding treasure in a tackle box
Finest Hour: The Battle of Britain (Video from 2000, Parts I and II)
Finished With Chris Christie, Media Turns to Scott Walker
Finishing touches, NDPC flaring task force to submit recommendations to NDIC in January
Finland Frets as Russia Launches Military Drills on Its Doorstep
Finland No. 1, US sinks to 46th in global press freedom rankings
Finland beats US hockey 5-0
Finland wins bronze over U.S. in men's hockey
Finland: Reflective reindeer antlers aim to stop accidents
Fire And Ice - Volcanoes, Not CO2, Melt West Antarctic
Fire Sale: Genuine Mandela Brand Necklacing Kits
Fire burns the old cloth market in Peshawar, 1 killed 3 injured
Fire chief discovers man in his bedroom
Fire destroys Obama Meat Market in St. Louis
FireChat Network-Free Chat Could Be Big. And Now It’s on Android.
Firearm Rights and the Chinks in the Armor
Firearm standards welcome
Firearms in the family: The role guns play in American lives
Fired Richland Elections Director: Board members’ meddling ‘unlawful’ (South Carolina)
Fired US Sen. Alexander staffer expected in court
Fired by House Republicans, Hired by Ted Cruz
Fired for Associating with Republicans
Fired for Gay Marriage, Seattle-Area Catholic School Official Sues
Fired transgender teacher to go before human rights tribunal
Firefighter Alleges Defamation Over Asiana Crash (Wrongly Identified)
Firefighter arrested by CHP after dispute at crash site
Firefighters Refuse to Help Man, He Dies
Firefighters Upset Over ObamaCare Reinsurance Fee
Firefighters Warn Solar Panels Could Prevent Homes From Being Saved In Blaze
Firefighters mistakenly pump jet fuel on fire instead of water
Firefox Auto Update Question and What Happened to Michelle Malkin?
Firefox once again proves to be the most vulnerable browser at Pwn2Own hackfest
Firing Squad Or Hanging? AG Candidate Wants Death Penalty For Corrupt Lawmakers
Firing back at Toby Keith, Virginian creates registry of pro-gun restaurants
First 'Selfie' in World History...
First 'StarCraft 2' player officially recognized as an athlete by U.S. government
First 'out' NFL prospect Michael Sam captured on video dancing topless in Missouri gay bar..
First 5,000 concealed carry licenses being mailed out
First Annual Rant Against NFL Playoffs System (vanity)
First Big Gulp, Now Bottomless Bloody Marys: New York Bans Boozy Brunches
First Colorado County Reports Pot Taxes
First Ever UnZot? 2nd Division Vet released from ZOTDOM! (This is HUGH!)
First Evidence Found of Storied Battle That Stopped Spain’s Eastward Expansion
First Female Law Firm Opened in Jeddah (Saudi Arabia)
First Grader Silenced For Mentioning Jesus
First Hispanic Woman To Join LAPD Died At 91
First Known Video Captures High Court Chamber Protest Footage
First Ladies and Second Gentlemen Make Estranged Bedfellows
First Lady Calls for More Stringent Food Regulations
First Lady Michelle Obama hosts Puppy Bowl “training camp”
First Lady Says Obamacare Needed to “Save Young People from Their Own Stupidity”
First Lady To Obamacare Counselors: ‘You Are Doing God’s Work’
First Lady Valerie Trierweiler 'to be kicked out of Elysee Palace ....
First Lady to students: apply for federal aid
First Lady's Food Dictates Force Gay White House Pastry Chef Out of a Job
First Look at Amazing America with Sarah Palin (Video)
First Look: Inside Brooklyn’s New Co-Cathedral
First Look: Tea Party PAC to Endorse Boehner Primary Challenger J.D. Winteregg
First Map of Jupiter's Giant Moon Ganymede Unveiled (Photos, Video)
First North American death from bird flu (Canada)
First Oscar Concert Honors Nominated Composers
First Presbyterian narrowly votes to stay with denomination.
First Principles: The House Republicans’ position on immigration reform is to always look reasonable
First Russian School to Open in Bethlehem
First Sochi Olympic Gold Goes to American Kotsenburg in Snowboard Slopestyle
First They Came for the Christians and I Didn't Speak Out Because I Wasn't a Christian
First U.S. bitcoin ATMs to open soon in Seattle, Austin
First Without Equals
First You Laugh: Rules for the Knockout Game
First bitcoin ATM to debut in NYC
First carrier-based fighter enters production in China
First contagious WiFi computer virus goes airborne...
First ever video of a fish leaping out of the water to prey on flying birds
First flight from Key West to Cuba takes off
First game of the season (Royals)
First impressive images of China’s Aircraft Carrier Battle Group
First lady Michelle Obama and singer Alicia Keys are teaming up
First lady Michelle Obama stumps for cash in S.F.
First lady and family members reportedly cause headaches at Beijing hotel
First lady gets a few extra days of Hawaiian sun
First lady says girls aren’t interested when President gets his ‘butt kicked’
First lady to go on radio blitz for ObamaCare
First lady, daughters give the slip to photographers and take toboggan ride off Great Wall
First lady: Gay football player is ‘inspiration’
First lady: Signing up for Obamacare should be New Year's resolution (ROTFLMAO -- Again)
First on CNN: Conservative group pushes to topple GOP leaders in Congress
First on CNN: Liz Cheney to abandon Senate bid
First on CNN: Memo: Iranians may have exploited visa program
First on CNN: Republicans hit (still exempt LA RAT) Landrieu over climate change talk-a-thon
First picture of nun who had baby when she didn't know she was pregnant
First shots fired on military compensation
First state-licensed marijuana retailers to open January 1 in Colorado
First words of naked Pacific castaway to islanders after he claimed to have spent 14 MONTHS adrift.
First ‘smart’ pistol hits shelves in California.
First, they came for…
First-Class Islam: Eric Holder Puts Muslims Above Terror Suspicion
First-Ever Intern at Vatican Radio is an Author, Actor and Media Student… with Down Syndrome
First-Person-View Of Felix Baumgartner’s Space Jump (video)
First-class stamps to cost 49 cents as of Jan. 26
First-grader told to stop talking about Bible
Fiscal Conservatives and Libertarians Should Unite with Social Conservatives
Fish Instead of People, Ideologies without Consequences
Fish oil could help prevent Alzheimer's and also give you a bigger brain
Fisher More Refuses to “Censor” Her Faculty: Therefore Fisher More Shall have no more Mass
Fisherman’s Family Hands Over Ancient Earthenware
Fishermen Plane Sighting a Tip or False Lead in MH370 Hunt?
Fishermen find century-old postcard in a bottle in Baltic
Fishery Closure Puts New England's Shrimp Season On Ice
Fisking Stiehm’s Bigotry at US News (bigotry so highly burnished it would scald the retinas)
Five Baby Goats: Rare Goat Quintuplets Born at Oregon Farm
Five Disturbing Observations About Kobe Bryant.
Five Economic Reforms Millennials Should Be Fighting For (barf alert)
Five Economic Reforms Millennials Should Be Fighting For ["Make Everything Owned by Everybody"]
Five Food-Stamp Myths: Does the Program Even Work?
Five Gun Rights Cases to Watch
Five Ironic and Hypocritical Statements From Obama's SOTU
Five Jobs That Didn’t Exist Ten Years Ago
Five King City police officers arrested [UPDATE: see post #18]
Five Mainstream Republican Resolutions for 2014
Five Months Later, EPA Still Hasn’t Complied With Congressional Subpoena
Five Myths About Inequality
Five Part Series:The Constitution in 2014: Part 1:War on Terror
Five Part Series:The Constitution in 2014: Part 3. Health Care’s Latest Challenges
Five Part Series:The Constitution in 2014: Part 4-The State of Same-Sex Marriage
Five Part Series:The Constitution in 2014:Part 2.Abortion Law in Front of The Supreme Court
Five Questions: The President should hold his Administration accountable to the American people
Five Reasons Not to Take The Shriver Report Seriously ...(shortened title)
Five Reasons Obama May Cave On The Keystone Pipeline
Five Rules for Covering Breaking News
Five Senate races to watch
Five Takeaways from the GM Safety Debacle
Five Things Neil deGrasse Tyson’s “Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey” Gets Wrong
Five Things Obama Could Do to be the Greatest President Ever, but Won’t
Five Unexpected Benefits of the Cold
Five Vitamins and Supplements That Are Actually Worth Taking
Five Worst Iraq Predictions from the Obama WH
Five Years After Stimulus: 1,268 Cases of Fraud
Five Years Later: How's that Wreckovery Working Out?
Five aircrafts spot 'objects' that could lead to missing Malaysia Airlines jet
Five down and a lot more to go
Five facts about Fox News
Five jaw-dropping gimmicks in President Obama's budget
Five myths about Michelle Obama (Challenging everything you think you know)
Five reasons for China and US to go to war: New Strait Times
Five reasons to quit Facebook
Five same-sex couples apply for marriage licenses in Mississippi
Five stabbed to death in latest Chinese knife attack [Common Sense Knife Control Laws Needed]
Five states and the Gulf of Mexico produce more than 80% of U.S. crude oil
Five takeaways from Gallup’s poll on the uninsured (tiny drop from 17.1% to 15.9% of adults)
Five takeaways from the bishops’ new statement on poverty
Five things Obama must do to avoid lame-duck status ["It's not personal"]
Five ways GOP leadership fights to lose House, forfeit Senate with immigration reform
Five years later, White House and critics fight over stimulus law
Five years later, the Tea Party prepares for their Reagan moment
FiveThirtyEight Senate Forecast: GOP Is Slight Favorite in Race for Senate Control
Fixing Double Spending: Why Bitcoin is Revolutionary
Fixing Fannie And Freddie: Will Another Government Agency Help?
Fixing the Ryan-Murray Budget Deal (by Rep John Culberson R-TX)
Fla trooper who stopped cop sues after harassment
Fla. Supreme Court Tosses Out Medical Malpractice Caps In Wrongful Death Suits
Fla. TV Station Exposes Voter Fraud, DOJ Sues State to Stop Purging Rolls
Fla. congressman Grayson loses $18M in stock scheme
Fla. family falls ill after eating meat with LSD
Fla. shooting case is theater of the absurd
Flags of Crimea and of Sevastopol to be hung in Federation Council on March 24
Flames Restaurant in San Jose Destroyed by 4-Alarm Fire
Flashback 2005: McCain-Kennedy bill opens citizenship path (Boehner's Amnesty Czar cowrote bill)
Flashback 2011: Leading party says Soros prepares “Libyan scenario” for Ukraine
Flashback Column: Byron York on Ted Cruz's fearlessness and 2016
Flashback Column: Timothy P. Carney on Ted Cruz and the GOP leadership vacuum
Flashback: Clueless Voters Explain Why They Voted for Obama & Now We Know How America Got Here
Flashback: Haircut Grounded Clinton While the Price Took Off
Flashback: Nancy Pelosi Says Obamacare Will Create 400,000 Jobs “Almost Immediately!”
Flashback: Obama Told Russia to "Respect" Ukrainian Borders in 2009, Compared Russian Gov't to US
Flashback: Obama flack slams ‘disinformation’ about insurance losses
Flashback: Obama’s debate zinger on Romney’s ’1980s’ foreign policy (video)
Flashback: Sen. John Cornyn’s top NRSC aide, Rob Jesmer, joins GOP consulting firm (Amnesty ads)
Flashback: Senator Obama pushed bill that helped destroy more than 15,000 TONS of ammunition,
Flashback: When Russia Invaded Georgia in 2008, Candidate Obama Asked GEORGIA to "Show Restraint"
Flashback: [Sam Adams] Beer ad dumps God from Declaration of Independence
Flashback:Zell Miller Speech "Spitballs",- Kerry has been disarming Americans for years...-
Flat Sales of Wii U Put Nintendo in the Hot Seat
Flatulence caused by baked beans in global warming query
Flatulent cows start fire at German dairy farm - police
Flawed History @ MLA
Fleeing TV
Fleeing workers tell of brutal killings as South Sudan edges towards civil war
Fleming: The Man Who Would Be Bond January 29th BBC America 10pm EST
Flex alert: Californians urged to conserve electricity Thursday
Fliers Depict Swastikas on Jewish Oakland Councilwoman's Forehead
Flight #MH370 Tinfoil thread
Flight 370 Probe Sharpens Focus on Sabotage
Flight 370 Theory: An Act of Anti-Terrorism
Flight 370 and the Terror of Being Off the Grid
Flight 370 effort could soon shift from search to recovery
Flight 370 ‘flew directly to heaven’: Dupes fall for Daily Currant’s Sarah Palin satire
Flight 370: Storm of emotions over lives "lost" as storm at sea delays search
Flight MH370 Is Now a Criminal Investigation, but No Passengers Are Suspects
Flight MH370: 'Mario Balotelli' Lookalikes had Stolen Passports [Iranian Middleman]
Flight MH370: Chinese and Australian ships draw blank
Flight MH370: Chinese and Australian ships draw blank (objects recovered not related to MH370)
Flight MH370: Insurers make first pay out on missing Malaysia Airlines plane
Flight MH370: My theory
Flooding The World With New Currency Is Getting Old
Floods until New Year: Misery of stormiest Christmas on record
Florida 'loud music' trial juror: 'I believed he was guilty'
Florida Alert! Video of Florida Sheriffs Association Opposition to Right to Bear Arms
Florida Becomes Third State to Pre-File
Florida Bill Would Protect First Amendment Firearms Rights at School
Florida Businesses: 500,000 Jobs In Just Three Years [UE at 6 YEAR LOW]
Florida Considers Bill Ending State's Cooperation with Federal Gun Laws
Florida Democrat: Without Immigration Reform, Where Will We Get Our Landscapers and Maids?
Florida Democrat: Without immigration reform, where will we get our landscapers and maids?
Florida Democratic congressman (Grayson) loses $18 million in (Ponzi) scheme
Florida Executes Man Who Killed S. Florida Couple & Guard
Florida Hospital Altamonte welcomes first baby of year
Florida House Candidate in Hot Water for Agreeing Obama be Hanged for Treason
Florida House bill would allow carrying guns without a permit during riots
Florida Islamist Threatened to Blow Up Tampa Bay Bridge & Sheriff’s Office (Video)
Florida Judiciary Committee Passes COS Application
Florida Keys Man Threatens Workers, Calls Them 'Illegal Immigrants': Deputies
Florida Legislature may back in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants
Florida Man Burned After His Dog Catches Fire: BSO
Florida Man Stuffs Girlfriend Into Duffel Bag to Sneak Her Into His Halfway House
Florida Man Who Tricked Girlfriend Into Taking Abortion Pill Gets Nearly 14 years in Prison
Florida Megachurch Pastor Commits Suicide
Florida Panthers ask for $86 million bailout to help pay for rent at BB&T Center
Florida Panthers seeking public funds to offset losses of $20 million
Florida Pizza Shop Sells Pie That Includes Python Meat
Florida Republican in Deep Trouble for Agreeing President Obama Should Be Hanged for Treason
Florida Republicans plan protests at Charlie Crist book signings
Florida Senate Passes COS Application to State Amendment Convention
Florida Senate Rules Committee: Call to an Article V Amendment Convention.
Florida Special Election (FL-13) : Brig. Gen. Mark Bircher (Ret) : A MARINE to Stop ObamaCare !
Florida State Agency Calls Out WFTV for ‘Multiple Errors’ in Report
Florida State QB Jameis Winston wins Heisman Trophy
Florida Supreme Court Says Tampa Immigrant Can't Get Law License
Florida TV station documents ineligible voters as DoJ sues to prevent state from purging rolls
Florida Voters to Decide on Medical Marijuana
Florida Woman Calls 911 About Raw Waffles
Florida Woman Furious After SWAT Team Orders Her Out of Her Own Home During Standoff With Neighbor
Florida Woman Is Told She Has One Month to 'Plug in' to the Grid
Florida attorney to face trial on charge of threatening Rep. Jim Jordan
Florida child porn suspect admits to molesting Boy Scouts on camping trips: cops
Florida citrus growers worry that deadly bacteria will mean end of orange juice
Florida coach Will Muschamp reportedly switching to up-tempo offense in 2014
Florida cops accused of using cellphone tracker without court permission
Florida election results: David Jolly says Democrats should be worried
Florida family falls ill after eating meat tainted with LSD
Florida immigrant to ride bike to D.C. in name of immigration reform
Florida lands $4.4 million more to push Obamacare
Florida lawmakers vote to expand ‘stand your ground’ law
Florida loss exposes Democrats' disarray on Obamacare
Florida man asks judge for atheist lawyer following alleged attack on Jesus-looking roomate
Florida man breaks into house and meets entire family with guns loaded
Florida man on death row for 40 years executed (Askari Abdullah Muhammad)
Florida man shoots Walmart co-worker's car
Florida politician running for office calls for execution of President Obama
Florida school named for Ku Klux Klan leader to be renamed
Florida showed us that for the Democrats 2014 might be a lot like another event in 1912...
Florida signals an Obamacare backlash
Florida special election a test for ObamaCare?
Florida special election results: David Axelrod explains David Jolly victory
Florida theatre killing proves guys with guns are primed to shoot
Florida to Pass New York State's Population
Florida town orders boy with autism to give up pet chickens
Florida trio pimped 13-year-old girl, made her strip at Miami Beach club: cops
Florida trooper who pulled over 120mph police officer sues for $500,000
Florida woman dubbed 'hot convict' sues website over mug shot photo
Florida woman, 81, arrested for feeding bears lots of dog food
Florida's largest gun dealer bans gun rentals in wake of suicides
Florida's speed-trap city agrees to reform, won't be killed off
Florida’s state universities not allowed to ban guns on campus
Flow of Westerners to Syria Prompts Security Concerns
Floyd Mayweather bets $10.4 million on the Denver Broncos in Super Bowl XLVIII
Flu hitting younger adults hard, vaccination helps: CDC - deaths up for people 18 to 64.
Flu-like hog virus sweeping Indiana, U.S.
Flub of the Day: Fox News Anchor Congratulates UConn for Being the "NAACP" Champions [video]
Fluke's gimmick
Fluke: Birth Control Can Save the Economy!
Fluke: New women's issues, new challenges
Flying High? Exclusive Inside Story on Bieber’s ‘Pot’ Plane
Fmr UBS CEO: Obamacare a 'Disaster,' Costs 'Not Sustainable'
Fmr. Gen. Doubles Down on Claim Malaysian Plane Could Be in Pakistan to Be Used for Terror
Fmr. Intelligence, Military Officials Urge Against Implementation of NSA Reforms
Fmr. Kerry Aide: Iran Should Not Be Required to Cease Terrorism Against U.S.
Fmr. RNC Economist: Economy Isn't Good - CNN Crossfire Video
Focus by November Will Be More than Georgia-Florida Football
Focus group: Giron recall was more about personality than guns (Delusional Antis)
Focus of wolf-dog probe says his pets are not hybrids
Focus on Higher Education Shifting
Foes of Obama Trade Pacts Mostly Fellow Democrats
Fogel Family Massacre: Appeal Upheld over Lenient Sentencing
Folk music icon Pete Seeger dies at 94
Follow Me: The Yoni Netanyahu story (movie review)
Follow Obama's Example: If You Duck This Holiday Season, Please Duck Responsibility.
Follow ObamaCare Delays at Your Peril: The IRS can still penalize you
Follow-Up on KTLA Video of Chase and Shooting by LAPD?
Following Florida Loss, NBC/WSJ Poll Piles More Bad News on Democrats
Following a Wave of Banker Suicides, 3 Former Barclays Bankers Now Charged in LIBOR Scandal
Following instructions to the letter
Following the revolution from Podunk
Fonda Foundation Not So Charitable, Records Show
Food Fight At Early Bird Diner Lands Senior Citizen in Jail
Food Price Inflation Scares The Fed
Food Rationing in Socialist Venezuela Leads to Mob Fighting Over Milk
Food Rationing: It Will Break You Down Mentally
Food Stamp Explosion-What it says about the fraudulent economic “recovery.”
Food gift card campaign thrown together to make Wynne look good
Food hoarding illegal during WW I
Food prices soar as incomes stand still
Food stamp cuts leave African-Americans vulnerable (Murderers, drug dealers & pedophiles banned)
Food stamp use among troops skyrockets during Obama admin
Food stamps at pot shops banned under Colo. bill
Food-stamp cut, bad weather blamed by Wal-Mart for profit warning
Food-tech startups aim to replace eggs and chicken
Foods to Buy When You’re Broke
Footage Released from IDF Raid on Iranian Weapons Ship
Football Is Top Sport in U.S.: 1,088,158 High School Players
Football Legend Jim Brown Calls Out Kobe Bryant On Arsenio Hall Show
Footballer Denies Gesture Anti-Semitic, but...
Footprints in a Darkened Forest (Archbishop F.J. Sheen) CATHOLIC CAUCUS
Footprints in snow lead police to burglary suspects (SC)
For American skaters, old suits don't help
For Average Joes, Fighting FEMA Flood Maps Isn't Easy or Cheap
For Columnist, a Change of Tone (Krugman vs. 538/Nate Silver)
For Darwin Day 2014, Discovery Institute Names Jerry Coyne as "Censor of the Year"
For First Time, Kremlin Signals It Is Prepared to Annex Crimea
For Good Highways, Use Tolls and Ditch the Gasoline Tax
For Growing Numbers of Baptists, Pope Francis is Drawing Admiration
For House Republicans, new momentum on immigration reform
For John Cornyn (Endorsement)
For Kids of Bankrupt Detroit, Challenges Abound
For MSDF's newest 'ninja' submarines, it's all about stealth (Japan)
For Many, Few Health-Plan Choices, High Premiums on Online Exchanges
For Merle Haggard, a Boxcar Was Home. Now It Needs Work.
For Michigan State Employees, 2014 Means Finally Having the Freedom To Choose
For N.F.L. Prospect Michael Sam, Upbringing Was Bigger Challenge Than Coming Out as Gay
For Netanyahu, a bombshell battering by Obama
For Obama and Boehner, just maybe, a way forward
For Obama, a Real and Rare Vacation in Hawaii (Barf alert)
For Obama, a last stab at improving ties with Hill (as in Capitol)
For Palestinians in Gaza, Sharon’s passing is reason to celebrate
For Preppers - Concentrated Growing Techniques on Small Acreage & Urban Scenarios
For Republicans, race to replace Coburn in Senate about more than protecting his seat
For Rush Limbaugh, the Muzzle Is In Place
For Russia, a weaker energy hand to play in Ukraine
For Sexual Relativism and Homophilia the Tide Is Turning
For Ships of State, a Looming Iceberg
For The First Time, Hackers Have Used A Refrigerator To Attack Businesses
For The Gun Lover: The Couch Bunker
For The New Emperors
For The Sake Of Our Constitution, Holder Must Go
For The Umpteenth Time: Enhanced Interrogation Worked
For These 34 People, Things Are Going To End Very, Very Badly
For U.S. Vets, Violence In Fallujah Brings Mixed Feelings [Marine: "I'm Absolutely Pissed"!]
For Venezuela, the magic land of cheap gas, a big hike
For Venezuelan Regime, the Party’s Over
For a ‘greener’ planet: Lights off for Earth Hour’s global crowd-funding call
For global warming believers, 2013 was the year from Hell
For our children, before it's too late (Belgium Jew Leaves)
For some idiots, there just aren't enough guns on university campuses
For some troops, a holiday-dinner-in-a-box
For some, income drops as wage rises [Commentary]
For the First Time in 100 Years, Prefect of CDF is not Appointed to Congregation for Bishops
For the First Time, Women Are More Educated Than Their Husbands
For the Gentiles I Became a Gentile
For the Jews I Became Jewish, Part 2
For the Love of Money
For the Next Generation...[Debbie Blabbermouth "soars" to #55,000+ on Amazon!]
For the U.S., Jerusalem Has No Connection with Israel
For the Weak I Became Weak
For the easily offended, those who fear and appease them and our own Dear Leader Obama
For the last quarter-century, UNIONS have been the biggest political contributor
For the record - Francis: Fraternity is fine, if there is a Transcendent Father
For the sake of accuracy the government emblem should change from an eagle to this...
For ‘American Idol’ contestant, S.F. Jewish community is home [Lesbian]
Forced abortion highlights abuses in China policy
Forceps Delivery Crushed Baby's Skull, Caused Death, Family Alleges
Ford C-Max Solar Energi Concept shows why we’re not driving on sunlight
Ford C-Max Solar Energi concept
Ford Exec: ‘We Know Everyone Who Breaks The Law’ Thanks To Our GPS In Your Car
Ford Mustang to Go on Top of the Empire State Building
Ford Plans 23 New Cars, 11,000 New Jobs In 2014
Ford expected to drop Microsoft, use BlackBerry QNX in next-gen Sync
Ford to use rotating shifts to avoid Ohio layoffs
Ford, 3D Systems create chocolate, edible 3-D-printed 2015 Mustangs
Ford’s 3D-printed auto parts save millions of dollars: Technology improves quality in vehicles
Foreign Journalist Is Killed by Afghan Police Officer
Foreign Minister Says Israel Needs to ‘Retake Gaza’
Foreign Ministry goes on strike, all Israel's embassies and consulates abroad to close
Foreign Ministry workers announce general strike: 103 embassies shut down
Foreign Ministry: US, EU violate commitments under Budapest memorandum
Foreign Policy Has Left Obama A Global Laughing Stock
Foreign investment in France plunges by 77 per cent as Hollande's socialist policies...
Foreign minister attacks ‘brainless’ euroskeptics (Germany)
Foreigners Sell A Record Amount, Over $100 Billion, Of Treasurys Held By The Fed In Past Week
Forensic Testing Underway in Mountain Lion Attack
Forest Grove fatal crash: Trial opens for Cinthya Garcia-Cisneros, charged with hit and run
Forest Park mayor blasts anti-gun group
Forest needed to cover carbon footprint of icy rescue [link only]
Forget About A GOP Victory Next Year
Forget Big Bang-'Rainbow Gravity' theory-universe has NO beginning & stretches out infinitely
Forget Christie; Let's Talk about Big Fat Traffic Jams: NY/NJ always treat drivers with contempt
Forget Cows, Smart Car 'Tipping' Is The New Fad
Forget LBJ’s ‘Daisy’ Ad. Watch Goldwater’s Campaign Film Choice
Forget State Lines — This Map Shows You How America is Really Divided
Forget The Da Vinci Code: This is The Real Mystery of the Knights Templar
Forget What the Pundits Tell You, Coastal Cities are Old News - it’s the Sunbelt that’s Booming
Forget a new state for Silicon Valley — let’s divide the US with “Duck Dynasty”
Forget global warming, worry about the MAGNETOSPHERE: Earth's magnetic field is collapsing ...
Forget smartwatches - wear this £150,000 PLANETARIUM on your wrist
Forget the Grinch – Obamacare Stole Christmas
Forget the polls showing a take over; after amnesty the GOP may be lucky to exist post Nov. 2014
Forgiveness II – A Response to Objections
Forgotten Generation
Forgotten treaty which could drag the US and UK into WAR with Russia if Putin's troops intervene
Forgotten world of Mississippi's hill country unearthed in photos taken 40 years ago
Formal complaint filed against judge in Brannon case
Formalizing Censorship through the IRS: Where's the Outrage?
Former '16 and pregnant,' 'Teen Mom' star arrested in SC
Former 'Sopranos' actor Brancato gets parole
Former 82nd Airborne Soldier receives helmet that saved his life
Former Alabama Sen. Jeremiah Denton, Vietnam war hero, dies at age 89
Former Alaska territorial Gov. Mike Stepovich dead at 94
Former Anglican Priest and Army Chaplain Ordained Catholic
Former Anglican clergyman celebrates first Christmas as Catholic priest
Former Apple exec: Has Microsoft gone nuts?
Former Arkansas (Democrat) state treasurer pleads not guilty (10 mail fraud charges)
Former Asmussen employee commits suicide
Former Baltimore bishop had connection to Mandela
Former Black Diamond Officer, Husband Say Chief Used Gay Slurs
Former Bloomberg Ally Says ‘Mayors’ Group’s Goal Is Gun Confiscation
Former Bush Speechwriter: Obama Plagiarized Bush’s 2007 SOTU Speech
Former CCM Singer Turned Secular Pop Star Katy Perry: ‘I Don’t Believe in Heaven or Hell’
Former CF Paul Blair dies at 69
Former CIA official accused of misleading lawmakers on Benghazi
Former CNN correspondent Miles O'Brien has arm amputated after accident
Former CNN, NBC Execs Want to ‘TAPP’ Palin for New Streaming Video Service
Former Canadian Minister 'Shocked' by Visit to Temple Mount
Former Canadian Minister ‘Shocked’ by Visit to Temple Mount (saw discrimination against Jews)
Former Canadian defence minister claims aliens refuse to share technology because of Earth’s wars...
Former Chocolate City Mayor Ray Nagin Found Guilty of Corruption
Former Clinton Aide: 'Hillary Is the War on Women'
Former Clinton aide to Pelosi: Apologize
Former Congressman: Obama Plans to Release Minorities from Prison
Former Cooking Channel host Darryl Robinson found dead in his apartment
Former Corbett aide significantly cut email keeping rule
Former Cover Oregon IT Manager Speaks Out [Obamacare Website]
Former D.C. Department of Human Services worker pleads guilty to scheme ($800K in food stamps)
Former DOT Secretary LaHood: 'Let's Raise the Gas Tax'
Former Defense Secretary Bob Gates Slips, Falls On Knife
Former Del Mar [ca] Mayor Killed By Train In Attempt To Save Dog From Tracks
Former Dem Gov. Dick Lamm on How to Destroy America
Former Editor of ‘Young Gay America’ Turned Christian Celebrates Marriage to Wife
Former Employee of Newark Mayoral Candidate Accused of Setting Opposing Campaign’s Bus on Fire
Former Employee: Planned Parenthood 'Money-Grubbing, Evil, Very Sad, Sad Place to Work'
Former FBI Agent Says Leading Muslim Group a ‘Hamas Front’ (CAIR)
Former Federal Energy Official Says April Attack On San Jose PG&E Substation Was Terrorism
Former Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke hits lucrative speech circuit in post-government life
Former First Lady Barbara Bush hospitalized in Houston: report
Former Fla. Gov. Charlie Crist Apologizes for Backing State's Ban on Gay Marriage
Former Florida Gov. Reubin Askew dies at 85
Former Georgia Tech professor found guilty in child porn case (Saudi)
Former Gitmo detainee and AQ operative took part in Benghazi attack
Former Gov. Blagojevich, sealed tapes and the Windy City that runs the Nation
Former Gov., ex-convict (RAT felon) Edwin Edwards to run for Congress
Former Guantanamo detainee implicated in Benghazi attack
Former Guantánamo Detainee May Have Organized Benghazi Attack
Former Guns & Ammo columnist speaks out on becoming 'a pariah'
Former HUD-OIG Special Agent In Charge Indicted on Mortgage Fraud Charges
Former IRS Official Lerner Gave Interview to DOJ
Former IRS official invokes 5th again
Former Interior secretary: C’mon, Keystone XL is a “win-win”
Former Israeli Prime Minister Sharon Dies at 85
Former JP Morgan manager: The business world could learn a lot from Pope Francis
Former Justice Stevens: Change 2nd Amendment to Improve Constitution
Former Knick Charles Smith regrets trip to North Korea with Dennis Rodman
Former Kraft Plant In Northeast Philadelphia To Close, Leaving 350 Out Of Work
Former Lebanese Leader Sees Christian Exodus of ‘Biblical Proportions’
Former MK Eldad: Time to Treat the Temple Mount Like a Holy Site
Former MSOE dean sentenced to year in jail for drunk driving
Former Manson Family killer Bruce Davis granted parole
Former Massachusetts Senator Brown comes out swinging on Obamacare in New Hampshire
Former McCain Adviser Nicolle Wallace Trashes Sarah Palin on 'The View'
Former McDonnell staffers lobbying on Medicaid
Former Member of the Supreme Court Wants to Add These Five Words to the Second Amendment
Former Miss America Comes Up Short in GOP Primary .
Former Miss America Erika Harold Describes Her History-Making Republican Run for Congress
Former Mountie who pleaded guilty in cocaine case resented RCMP colleagues: Court documents
Former NFL quarterback Vince Young files for bankruptcy just seven years after signing $25million..
Former NHTSA Head Criticizes GM for Deadly Recall Delay
Former NJ Governor Corzine Son Dead in Apparent Suicide
Former NRA president Charlton Heston to get US Post Office stamp
Former NRSC communications director takes a shot at Steve Stockman
Former NY Times Columnist Claims Fox News Is 'Dead,' And Liberals Should Stop Protesting It
Former NYC workers charged in disability scam
Former NYT Editor Bill Keller and his Wife Under Fire For Commentary On Cancer Patient
Former New Orleans mayor indicted on federal corruption charges
Former No. 1 pick David Carr, John Skelton, Tyler Thigpen to visit Dallas Cowboys
Former Obama Official’s Paycheck Fairness Talking Points Demolished in CNN Brawl
Former Obama aides push back on Gates [Daley, Axerod]
Former Obama official: Fracking has never been an environmental problem
Former Oklahoma and Cowboys coach Barry Switzer: ‘I’d never recruit a white quarterback’
Former PA Attorney General: Tim Curley, Gary Schultz case a "miscarriage of justice"
Former Pastor Awaits Prison Sentence After Admitting to Sexually Molesting Young Girls in Haiti
Former Pastor Decides To Spend A Year Without God
Former Pentagon watchdog: Obama administration littered with deceit
Former Planned Parenthood worker: ‘It was a money-grubbing, evil, very sad, sad place to work’
Former President Carter Blasts Catholic Teaching on Women’s Ordination
Former President George HW Bush at Johnny Manziel pro-day
Former Priest Gets Paid Disability for His Pedophilia
Former Pro Wrestler Ultimate Warrior Dies at 54
Former Reagan Spokesman Larry Speakes Dies at 74
Former Reid Deputy Takes National Experience to Local Level
Former SC school psychologist jailed for visiting teen victim
Former SF city employee pleads guilty to possession of child pornography
Former Secretary of Finance for the Mexican State of Coahuila, Mexico, charged with money laundering
Former St. Paul Public Schools custodian accused of peeking at male student on toilet
Former State Department worker, husband sentenced for contracting fraud
Former Syracuse Catholic Church to Become Islamic Mosque
Former Teacher Gets 38 Years for Having Sex With Student ("This court does not recognize gender")
Former Top Dutch Banker Found Dead
Former Top NSA Official: “We Are Now In A Police State”
Former Top Putin Advisor Sounds The Alarm: Putin Has Already Declared War On Kiev
Former Turkish Cathedral Hagia Sophia May Become a Mosque
Former U.S. Marine Hekmati retried, convicted in Iran: report
Former US Rep. Dan Boren Considers Run For Tom Coburn's Senate Seat
Former US congressman in hiding in South Africa
Former US president Carter uses snail mail to evade NSA
Former VP Mondale undergoes heart surgery
Former Va. Gov. Bob McDonnell, wife indicted
Former Va. Gov. McDonnell and wife charged in gifts case
Former Virginia governor and his wife plead NOT guilty, reject plea deal
Former Virginian Pilot Publisher, Obama and McAuliffe Appointee, Maurice Jones, Breaks Federal Law
Former WH Press Secretary Robert Gibbs: Employer Mandate 'Will Be One of the First Things to Go'
Former Warner Music exec allegedy embezzled over $1M (major Obama bundler)
Former White Bear Lake cop accused of harassing an ex-boyfriend - again
Former abortion clinic worker: sometimes we lied
Former clinic worker describes seeing parts of babies
Former congressman Mel Reynolds arrested in Zimbabwe (possession of pornography)
Former figure skater who lit Olympic Flame tweeted racist picture of Obamas last year
Former illegal immigrant used fake Social Security number, sues over job rejections
Former judge claims 'pubic' typo in Sarah Palin letter led to his lost career
Former kicker Brendan Gibbons permanently separated from University [Michigan] for sexual misconduct
Former mob boss Vito Rizzuto dies in hospital
Former powerbroker asks Nevada State Bar for leniency
Former prime minister Ariel Sharon dies at 85
Former teen millionaire and convicted conman-turned-pastor cheats church out of $3M
Former treasurer Moreira is delivered in the United States
Former ‘Two and a Half Men’ Star Angus T. Jones: ‘I Was a Paid Hypocrite’
Former ‘gender-neutral’ employee sues Bon Appetit over feminine pronouns
Formula 1 - Journalist dressed as priest 'tried to enter Schumacher's room'
Forrest High students voting on new name
Fort Bend Democrats Party determined to turn county blue
Fort Bragg chapel holds first same-sex ceremony
Fort Calhoun Station Reenergizing
Fort Calhoun nuclear plant back in operation
Fort Carson soldier's selfie sparks outrage
Fort Hood Mother to Congress: Why Am I Better Armed Than My Son?
Fort Hood Tears Down Site of 2009 Massacre
Fort Hood attack: My son, our soldiers, are defenseless, sitting ducks
Fort Hood gunman (Ivan Lopez) vented on Facebook about Sandy Hook shooter, Iraq
Fort Hood gunman Ivan Lopez sought mental health treatment
Fort Hood gunman sought mental health treatment
Fort Hood opens debate about secrecy of medical records
Fort Hood shooter Nidal Hasan requested Bible in prison while awaiting trial
Fort Hood shooter snapped over denial of request for leave, Army confirms
Fort Hood shooter was taking "prescription drugs for depression and anxiety". SSRIs?
Fort Hood soldier: ‘Stripped of God-given right,’ all I could do was ‘wait to die’
Fort Hood victim to attend State of the Union
Fort Hood, Gun-Free Zones and ‘Progressive’ Insanity
Fort Jackson steels itself to possible loss of 3,100 jobs (Military and civilian)
Fort Lee woman died as GWB closures delayed medical help, report says (Chris Christie scandal)
Fort Pierce Police Department unveils new armored vehicle
Fort Worth Police Getting More Collar-Mounted Video Cameras
Fort Worth SWAT Standoff: Who Pays For The Damage On Permian Lane?
Fort the focus of TV program tonight PBS to host Finnegan, Col. McFarland to talk about post
Forward
Fossil-Fueled Ingenuity to the Rescue in Antarctica
Foul play: Woman tries to ‘poison husband’ with feces IV drip
Four 'blood-red' total lunar eclipses will fall on Passover and Sukkot in 2014 and 2015
Four Cats With Fewer Than Three Legs [w/pix, videos]
Four Decades Eroding the Foundation of Liberty
Four Ebola cases confirmed in Guinea's capital
Four Factions, No Favorite
Four Linux distros for kids
Four Machinists ask NLRB to overturn last week’s vote (Boeing)
Four Months Ago US Intelligence Knew Putin Would Invade Ukraine [my title / TV interview]
Four More Days
Four More Former Gitmo Terrorists Returned to Battlefield
Four Pinocchios to Obama on Medicaid-expansion claims: Politico notices gov't stats are worthless
Four Teens Just CALLED OUT Mayor Rahm Emanuel in a Way That Would Make Any English Teacher Proud
Four Things Obama Should Have Told Abbas
Four U.S. military personnel being held by Libyan government [Released]
Four Ways Katie Couric Stacked The Deck Against Gardasil
Four Women Among Confirmed Speakers at CPAC
Four Year Old Syrian WASN’T Alone In Desert (World media dupes us again)
Four Years Into Economic Recovery, America’s Fertility Rate Remains Depressed
Four Years Later, Stupak Does Not Regret Voting for Obamacare
Four Young Students Arrested in Alleged 'Knockout' Attacks, Police Say
Four al-Qaeda suspects arrested after Turkish raids
Four arrested after turning selves in for World Trade Center BASE jump
Four arrested for killing lawyer, 30, shot dead protecting his wife in carjacking
Four black swans spotted surfing in Australia
Four characteristics to beware of "The Internet Liberal
Four injunctions against the Obamacare contraceptive mandate (all in one day: a new record!)
Four more Egyptian embassy staff kidnapped in Libya
Four players banned from Iranian women’s national team for failing gender tests
Four possibly flew with false ID aboard missing Malaysia Airlines plane
Four stories: After Obamacare 'fix,' many are still left out (Has he lost CNN?)
Four taken into custody in fatal Short Hills mall carjacking in New Jersey
Four teens facing charges after allegedly torturing boy
Four words in the ACA could spell its doom
Four years later, Democrats wait for ObamaCare popularity bounc
Four years later, Democrats wait for ObamaCare popularity bounce
Four-Year-Old "Mujahid" in Syria Vows to Slaughter Infidels
Fourteen Tips About Life, Your Choice
Fourteen camels dead after train collision
Fourth Georgia hospital closes due to Obamacare payment cuts
Fox Business News: Is Maria Bartiromo going to chair FBN in the Mornings?
Fox News Channel to unveil new Sunday show with Maria Bartiromo
Fox News Discovers Private Buyers
Fox News Flash on my Phone-- No Plane Debris Found at Chinese Satellite Photo site
Fox News Neutralized; Soros-Backed Group Declares Victory
Fox News New Years Special - from New York
Fox News Photog Snaps Amusing Shot of Obama Lecturing Putin from Grade School Classroom
Fox News Poll of Registered Voters on Obama and Many Issues
Fox News Poll: 67 percent say delay Obamacare, 53 percent would vote to repeal it
Fox News Poll: As (approval tanking) Obama starts sixth year, 74 percent say US still in recession
Fox News Poll: Clinton, Christie On Top In 2016 Preference Test [End of A Nation?]
Fox News Poll: ObamaCare support hits record low (59% oppose)
Fox News Remains Ratings Champ As 2013 Comes to Close
Fox News Special - Bush Family Album
Fox News Video:Aviation Expert on Why Flight 370 May Have Been Diverted
Fox News columnist rips Pope Francis, loses Catholic News Service gig
Fox News has a “crumbling foundation”: Roger Ailes’ biographer talks to Salon
Fox News host Megyn Kelly says Jesus and Santa are white
Fox News opinion piece BLASTS Pope Francis as “the Catholic Church’s Obama”
Fox News poll: Obama's approval hits new low (38%)
Fox News publishes piece whitewashing jihad violence and proselytizing for Ahmadi Islam
Fox News: Not so fair and Balanced in the Religion Department (Is MSNBC any Better?
Fox News; REMOVE that Wiggly Excite-O-Meter Graph @ Bottom of Screen!!
Fox News’ ‘Media Buzz’ Discusses Sharyl Attkisson’s Resignation From CBS,
Fox Poll: One in Four Say Obama 'One of the Worst Presidents'
Fox: Administration knew within minutes that Benghazi was a terrorist attack
FoxNews Article describes Nancy Pelosi as current House Speaker
Foxconn Weighs Plan for U.S. Plant-Taiwanese Manufacturer Would Make Displays at U.S. Facility
Fox’s Adam Housley Slams ‘Bigoted’ and ‘Pathetic’ Racial Remarks About His Interracial Marriage
Fox’s Beckel Mocks Handshake-Gate: You Think Obama’s Going to ‘Catch Communism’ from Castro?
Fox’s Erickson Responds to Greta with Graphic Abortion Description
Fox’s Judge Napolitano Lashes Out at Pope Francis
Fr Paul Schenck: Immaculate Conception Tells us Who Mary Is and Who We Are (Catholic Caucus)
Fr. Barron's 7 Keys to the New Evangelization
Fr. Z’s 1st reaction to Bp. Olson banning Extraordinary Form at FW’s Fisher More College-Update @7
Fracked natural gas should be Left's fuel of choice
Fracking City has Lowest Unemployment Rate, Solar City has Highest Unemployment
Fracking Near the Everglades?
Fracking Saves Water
Fracking earthquakes: despite mounting evidence, Oklahoma Geological Survey downplays risks
Fracking is turning the US into a bigger oil producer than Saudi Arabia [link only]
Fracking prevents us from freezing to death
Fracking protesters arrested for gluing themselves to the wrong petrol pumps
Fracking's Infrastructure Boom: Capital Gusher
Fractured English in Tech Support (vanity)
Fractured House approves debt ceiling hike--‘Clean’ bill drops all GOP demands
Frail Ethel Kennedy attends daughter’s drugged driving trial
Framingham woman arrested for beating boyfriend with high heels
France Adopts Reagan Supply Side Economics (Again)
France Becoming Increasingly Euroskeptic: Poll Shows
France Becoming Increasingly Euroskeptic: Poll Shows 52% of Workers Want to Leave the Euro...,
France is the latest country grappling with a deadly online drinking game
France may ban French comic’s show for ‘anti-Semitism’
France passes 75% 'millionaire's tax'
France to send 400 more troops to Central African Republic
France's 75% tax rate gains approval by top court
France's National Front hails poll breakthrough [Socialists crash & burn]
France's Reckoning
France's government resigns en masse (but Hollande's clinging on): Failing socialist policies
France, UK to Launch Missile, UAV Projects at Jan 31 Summit
France: The Looming Battle over Muslim Integration
Francis and President Obama (dissecting what did and did not happen)
Francis gives other denominations a case of ‘pope envy’
Francis looks to heal Church with two pope saints
Francis urges doctrinal office to keep up fight against clerical abuse
Francis, the Pope
Francis: Christian or Muslim, the faith your parents instilled in you will help you move on
Francis: “Christianity is not just about being polite”
Franciscans of the Immaculate Exonerated
Francois Hollande’s Gayetgate in Perspective: The French don’t care much about marriage anymore.
Frank Capra’s Greatest Gift
Frank Keating For United States Senate? I Don't Think So!
Frank Luntz is Depressed
Frank Rich on the National Circus: Why Democrats Face a Rout in November
Frank Wolf to retire after 17 terms in Congress; Northern Va. seat to be a battleground in 2014
Franklin D. Roosevelt – Fireside Chat, December 24, 1943
Franklin DUI officer found passed out in car at bar avoids arrest
Franklin Graham Defends Comments on Gay Activists and Islam, Compares Himself to Father Speaking Out
Franklin Graham: The pope is 'not the judge'
Franklin McCain Dies - Helped Start Sit-In Movement At Greensboro Lunch Counter (Greensboro Four)
Franny Beecher, guitarist for the Comets
François Hollande concedes taxes 'too heavy' in admission that annoys all sides in France
François Hollande: If he will lie to his wife/squeeze, he will also lie...
Fraud and the Detroit Bankruptcy Equation
Fraud: Local NBC Investigation Discovers Dozens of Illegal Voters in Florida
Freaky Photoshop disaster: Jay Carney puff piece goes hilariously wrong [pics]
Fred Phelps legacy: Should Westboro Baptist founder be picketed when he dies?
Fred Phelps, Friend of the Gays
Fred Phelps, Westboro Pastor, Ex-communicated, "at death's door" (NOT SATIRE)
Fred Phelps, former head of Westboro Baptist Church, died, family member says
Fred Phelps, founder of 'rabid' Westboro Baptist Church, said near death
Fred Phelps: Satan's Servant
Fred Phelps: no funeral for the preacher who picketed so many (+video)
Fred Phelps’ Death Prompts Westboro Baptist Church To Protest His Funeral
Fred, the Egg Man & His Smart Old Rooster Butch
Free .22 Ammo at Gun Show
Free 20gb cloud storage from Barracuda networks at Copy.Com
Free Association for Some: The Hypocrisy Fueling the Duck Dynasty Flap
Free Crack Pipe Advocates Plan SF Giveaway Despite City Opposition
Free Crack Pipes Urged To Slow Spread Of HIV In SF, Leaders Balk At Idea
Free Dominion Shut Down by Lawfare
Free Edward Snowden -- Really?
Free Exercise of Virtue Prohibited as of Today in USA
Free Man In Paris - Joni Mitchell {3min video}
Free Market Friday: Roadblock to Progress
Free Market Options to ObamaCare Already Exist
Free Markets or Freedom From Want
Free Press: School Funding Up Under Gov. Snyder
Free Republic Article Search
Free Republic Deserves Better, again!
Free Republic February 20,2014 Symphony of The Day (Barenboim - "El Amor) Brujo")
Free Republic Recipe Thread for Dec 21, 2013
Free Republic Recipe Thread for Feb 2, 2014 (Game Day)
Free Republic Weekly Recipe Thread for Dec 7, 2013
Free Software Foundation Endorses Its First Laptop
Free Speech for Mann, But Not for Thee
Free Speech, a Necessary but not Sufficient Condition for Liberty
Free Trade and Obama's Rule by Fiat
Free day at Kansas City Zoo ends in violence
Free for Me, Not for Thee: Free Speech “Evolves” to Pro-Choice
Free from the Law, Yet Free to Obey
Free market approaches to immigration reform
Free money might be the best way to end poverty.
Free the Job-Locked Poets
Free the Keystone XL Pipeline, Mr. President
Free-Lunch Economics
Free-for-All in the Cafeteria (NYT advocates free breakfasts and lunches for all)
FreeBSD Developers Will Not Trust Chip-Based Encryption
FreeRepublic founder Jim Anderson found living in most liberal city in America.
Freed from CBS, Sharyl Attkisson Launches Website Exposing Obama Scandals
Freedom Fighter (Best TV show out there!!!)
Freedom From Atheism Foundation--Welcome
Freedom and the Structure of Government
Freedom for Me, but Not for Thee
Freedom for the Job-Locked: Democrats' desperate defense of Obamacare-induced unemployment
Freedom in the Sawdust [AR-15 lower receiver made of wood]
Freedom of Speech Goes on Trial in Boston
Freedom of Speech: An Endangered Species
Freedom of speech is 'universal' right, Michelle Obama tells China
Freedom of the Press Trampled by Interior Sec. Jewell and Colorado Gov. Hickenlooper
FreedomDuck: our designs help rally Duck Dynasty supporters
FreedomWorks Endorses Mitch McConnell Challenger Matt Bevin
FreedomWorks endorses McConnell primary foe. Senate race tightening?
FreedomWorks flips in Neb. Senate race (withdraws Osborn endorsement, now backs Sasse!)
FreedomWorks to endorse Tea Partier Brannon in N.C. Senate race
FreedomWorks to fete conservative challengers in McConnell's backyard
FreedomWorks touts Greg Brannon as the next Ted Cruz or Rand Paul
FreedomWorks under fire for 'Retire Mitch' signs in Kentucky
Freeh Report,NCAA and news media to go on trial in Paterno law suit.
Freeing Workers From the Insurance Trap [NY Times: 2.5M Fewer Full Time Workers is a Good Thing]
Freep MSNBC Global Warming Poll
Freep This Poll
Freep This Poll On Minimum Wage
Freep a Poll! (Did you find the Super Bowl game worth all the hype?)
Freep a Poll! (Fox. Religious symbols be banned from public schools and building?)
Freep a Poll! (Fox. SHOULD CONGRESS END THE NFL's NON PROFIT STATUS?)
Freep a Poll! (How do you feel about Global Warming?)
Freep a Poll! (Obama will reach across the aisle to make sure Olympic champions won't be taxed?)
Freep a Poll! (Which U.S. president was the worst thug?)
Freep a Poll! (who is front runner for the Republican 2016 nomination?)
Freep a Poll!(How often do you use Facebook?)
Freep a Poll!(Should celebrities be punished for bigoted statements?)
Freep a Poll!(Why is the Republican establishment pushing for amnesty?)
Freep a Poll!(Would you allow your 10-year-old son to share a tent with a 17-year-old homosexual?)
Freep a poll! (Should Florida adopt the Common Core State Standards?)
Freep a poll!(Should same-sex marriage be legal in Virginia?)
Freep a poll!(When should abortion be legal?)
Freep a poll: Should VW Chattanooga unionize?
Freep this Mozilla Feedback page
Freep this poll (Chattanooga UAW vote)
Freeper Canteen - Tunes For Out Troops - 8 March 2014
Freeper Christmas Plans? Home? Traveling? Family? Party?
Freeper Help Requested on Churchill Quotation
Freeper Input: Ok, I Bought the TV. Amazon Prime? Netflix? Roku? Others?
Freeper Novel
Freeper Novel .99 Cents Today
Freeper Novel Free Today Only
Freeper Past Your Eyes Has passed
Freeper Revelations [vanity]
Freeper novel free today on Amazon.com
Freerepublic Jackets?!! WTH? (Vanity)
Freestyle skier Gus Kenworthy hopes to bring home stray Sochi puppies with his silver medal
Fremont Family Reunited With Lost Cat 3 Years Later
French Air Force enters the AESA Era
French Café Charges Extra for Rudeness
French First Lady ended up in hospital after ‘taking one pill too many..
French Parliament pushes ‘fast-food’ tax
French President Hollande names Valls as new PM
French Socialism Melting Like the Wicked Witch
French Socialists Revolt Against Prime Minister, Threaten Vote of No Confidence
French Taxi Drivers Attack an Uber Car in Paris [luddite unions vandalize "unfair competition"]
French ad giant buys Washington PR firm [K-street controlled by overseas ad agencies]
French body blames renewables for EU power market failures
French defenders of traditional family to meet Russian religious leaders, lawmakers
French far-right triumphs in local polls that hammer ruling Socialists
French fighter-jet maker pushes Ottawa for decision on fleet
French kill jihadist commander in Mali
French mining sector to become public again
French president splits with partner after affair
French public debt at record high
French workers legally obliged to end after-hours emails
French ‘subsidise Royal Navy’s new carriers’
French, Germans Return Fallen GI After Pentagon Gives Up (American Buried As German)
French-made warship destined for Russia sets sail
Fresh sectarian clashes erupt in CAR (Central African Republic)
Freshman California Democrat to Run for County Supervisor (Dem retirement #1)
Fresno Obama FReep after action report and pics!! [FReepathon thread XXVIII]
Friday Features: 'Draft Day' review
Friday Funny – A Nurses Guide to the Apocalypse
Friday Humor: Barney Frank Joins CNBC
Friday airing of grievances
Friedman On Coddling: 'Stress Will Be Not Understanding Thick Chinese Accent of First Boss'
Friedman and Hanke on Bitcoin
Friends Fear USC Graduate Student Was Aboard Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight
Friends of Syria group urges opposition to attend Geneva talks
Frightened wife rats out husband for illegal possession of homemade handgun
Frigid winter sends electric prices soaring for NJ customers who switched power suppliers
Frogs And Puffins! 1730s Menus Reveal Royals Were Extreme Foodies
From 0 to ERUPTION in 60 days: You thought that volcano was COLD?
From A Calvinist, perhaps MacArthur standpoint, What Is "Practicing Righteousness"? (1 John 3:4-10)
From Algae to Oil In Just One Hour
From Bank To Broke: 20 Celebs Who TANKED Their Fortunes
From Bump to Buzz (Sweet modern time lapse of pregnant woman and guitarist)
From Edmund Burke and Thomas Paine… to you
From France to California, Holiday Gloom from the Tax Police
From France to New Jersey, High Tax Rates and Class Warfare Are Economic Poison
From German Marxism to Heidegger's Post Modern Fascism
From Here To Eternity - The 7th Trumpet (Michael Rood's SNL)
From June 11, 2012: S&P: California Can't Afford to Bungle Budget
From Kool-Aid to Soda Pop – The Donkey’s Getting Thirsty
From MacGuffin to MacNuffin ... Mark Steyn
From Magi to Wise Men – A Homily For Epiphany
From Nixon to Paul Ryan: How right-wing radicals deceive America (Laff riot)
From Pussy Riot to Khodorkovsky, Vladimir Putin has been underrated
From Russia with Euphemisms
From Russia with Love! Putin makes a surprise visit to American Sochi base wearing a TEAM USA....
From Samurai Swords and Hand Grenades to a Dead Iguana - the Crazy Things People Throw Away
From Space Travel to Pizza, Your Bitcoin Goes Far These Days
From Taj Mahal Wedding to Murder: Indian Rickshaw Driver atabs American Wife
From The "Al Gore Antarctica Debacle" To Winter Storm Hercules.Global Warming Oops.
From The People We Look To For Business Advice: The New York Times Fights to Raise the Min. Wage
From The Union Arsenal: How Unions Outspent Business 2 to 1 In SeaTac’s Minimum Wage Battle
From Walmart to Fast Food Chains, Big Labor Bullying Doesn't End
From Warheads to Cheap Energy: Why this MIT Professor Deserves the Nobel Peace Prize
From fast food strikes to Wal-Mart: 2013 and the year in labor
From lounging on the FL coast to running the Iditarod in 16d, 16h, 48 m: where'd I leave my boots?
From soccer to ballots, Jew-hatred is again Europe’s problem
From the Beat Lamar! faceebook
From the Cheap Seats: Gore’s Global Warming Group Puts Mrs. Udall on Ice
From the Gettysburg Address to the Pettysburg Address
From the Inexhaustible Source
From the Pentagon to life in a van
From the Publisher (Guns & Ammo opening letter, Jan 2014)
From the work of their hands [Haitian entrepreneurs embrace work over charity]
Frontpage’s 2013 Man of the Year: Ted Cruz
Frozen Out: 98% of Stories Ignore That Ice-bound Ship Was On Global Warming Mission
Frozen lambasted as pro-gay propaganda by Christian pastor
Frozen wall test to begin at Fukushima plant
Frozen' Audience Shown Sexually Explicit Clip By Accident
Frustrated Father Who ‘Obliterated’ Common Core in Viral Post
Frustrated Obama signs new defense spending bill
Frustrated Obama's Message: "I'LL GO IT ALONE"
Frustrated Over OCare, Playing Obama Falling May Help
Frustrated curmudgeon seeks help (vanity)
Frustration boils over for CNN interviewer
Frustration grows days after W.Va. chemical spill
Fry Cook Shifted to Part-Time Work Confronts Obama
Fry Cook Shifted to Part-Time Work Confronts Obama (Must be a racist...)
Ft. Hood Shooter Didn't See Combat, But that won't stop the Blame Bush/PTSD meme
Ft. Hood Shooter Ran Free for 15 to 20 Minutes — Before Being Stopped by Military Policewoman
Ft. Hood shooter had been denied leave day of rampage, source says
Ft. Hood's Greater War
Fudged Bio Defended as “True in Spirit”
Fuel cells put in the frame with catalysts that need far less platinum
Fugitive Ecuadorian Embezzlers Tied to DWS (Debbie Wasserman Schultz), Other Pols
Fugitive Illegal Alien Obtains Security Clearance, Access to Arizona Air Force Base
Fugitive Ukrainian president shows up in Moscow
Fukushima Panic (Activists Raise Alarm About Radiation From Japan)
Fukushima Unit 3: Steam-Explosion Theory
Fukushima danger 'under control' – Not!
Fukushima disaster: Plan to send residents home three years after nuclear accident
Fukushima failure: Decontamination system stops functioning
Fukushima ghost towns struggle to recover amid high radiation levels
Fukushima radiation cleanup: Send in the homeless?
Fukushima radioactive material “has reached the west coast as of June 2013 by ocean transport”
Fukushima vs Chernobyl vs Three Mile Island
Fukushima: A Nuclear War without a War
Full Metal Jacket Star R. Lee Ermey Sparks Outrage After Posing With Bodies of Hunted Lions
Full Preterism Caucus
Full text of Human Rights Record of the United States in 2013 by China
Full transcript of interview with Madison Catholic Bishop Robert Morlino
Full-Time vs. Part-Time Workers [chart]
Fullerton Police Lawyers: Kelly Thomas Killed Himself
Fun at the 2014 Rose Parade. For a good cause.
Fun with a Pocket Knife: How to Play Mumbley Peg [Mumblety-Peg]
Fun, sun and a lot of Golf: Obamas living the life on extended Hawaii vacation
Fund Raisers, really?
Fund-Raising by G.O.P. Rebels Outpaces Party Establishment
Fundamentally Devastating America
Funding cuts hurt cataract wait time
Funeral Services Held for Carroll Jordan (86-y.o. murdered @ home - prepare to RAGE)
Funeral Spice... Mark Steyn
Funk Legend's $10M Malpractice Suit Is An Oldie: 9th Circ.
Funniest Amazon Product Reviews
Funny 'Obamacare' cartoon
Funny Animals
Funny Cartoon Video Mocks Obamacare
Funny Cats Compilation | January 2014
Funny Money: Why Bitcoin Is a Scam
Furious Backlash Forces HSBC To Scrap Large Cash Withdrawal Limit
Furious Chinese Demand Money Back As Housing Bubble Pops
Furor at Catholic high school after nun presents Church teaching on homosexuality
Furr’s Buffet files for Chapter 11 protection
Further reflections on the situation in Venezuela
Fury after mentally ill 18-year-old was killed by police in front of his mortified parents
Fury...Over Racially-Charged Tweets After...High School Basketball Game [Democrat New York]
Fusion Power Becomes Reality
Futsal wizard shows off dizzying move
Future Cornell Law Dean Was Leader of ’93 Day Hall Occupation
Future US envoy displays total ignorance of Norway
Future contacts could let you see like a superhero
Future grows dimmer for classic light bulb
Future of online teaching and open course ware type classes - your preditcions
Futuristic Bra Only Opens For 'True Love'
G-20 eyes database to fight tax evasion
G-7 Agrees to Exclude Russia, Increase Sanctions
G.M. Said to Face Criminal Inquiry on Safety Problems
G.O.P. Advice for Christie: Pick a Better Team (Hires Karl Rove, Ken Mehlman to save him?)
G.O.P. Congressman in South Carolina Takes a Risk With a Foray Into Immigration
G.O.P. Tax Plan Seeks Lower Rates and Fewer Brackets, Aides Say
G20 gives U.S. year-end deadline for IMF reforms
G3 Geomagnetic Storm Incoming
G7 Boots Russia from G8 -- What a relief
G7 warns Russia on 'annexing' Crimea
GA Lawmakers Vote on Expanding Concealed Carry to Churches, Bars, Airports
GA Senate Poll: Perdue 29, Kingston 19
GA sheriff cuts ties with A&E over Phil Robertson 'Duck Dynasty' flap (Beyond Scared Straight)
GA: Weapons Law Reform Passes Committee (HB 875)
GA:Atlanta turn in "buy back" has competition from Private Buyers
GA:Cheap Gun Opportunity Planned for Atlanta, Personal Account from College Park
GA:Gun Mufflers for Hunting Passes Senate
GA:Gun Reform Bill Passes Legislature, Next to Governor
GA:Gun Reform Passes House 119-56
GA:Hotel clerk fights off armed robber
GA:Woman finds two teens in her home, grabs her gun
GA:Would-be robbers chased out of store by man with machete
GAI report exposes Obama campaign accepting foreign donations
GAINING STEAM? NEARLY 100 LAWMAKERS DESCEND ON MOUNT VERNON TO TALK CONVENTION OF STATES
GALLUP: Record-High 42% of Americans Identify as Independents
GAO to audit Oregon’s failed ObamaCare exchange site
GAO: IRS has information security control weaknesses
GAP BETWEEN SUPER RICH 0.1% AND POOR GROWS
GARRY KASPAROV: I'D STILL BE A SOVIET CITIZEN IF OBAMA HAD BEEN PRESIDENT INSTEAD OF REAGAN
GAY MARRIAGE: The Mason-Dixon Line of Tolerance
GAY PRIDE PARADE WON’T BEND ITS RULES (bars Catholic League "Straight is Great" banner)
GE Electrical R&D Center Opens In Southwest Ohio
GE Theater: The Other Wise Man
GE, WALMART, AT&T, GOOGLE AMONG CENTER FOR AMERICAN PROGRESS DONORS
GEICO Gecko Puts a Fork in the Great American Experiment
GEORGE H.W. BUSH TO RECEIVE JFK 'PROFILE IN COURAGE' AWARD FOR BREAKING 'NO NEW TAXES' PLEDGE
GEORGE P. BUSH BEGINS POLITICAL CAREER WITH WIN
GERMAN TROOPS OCCUPY HUNGARY; WIDE RESISTANCE IS REPORTED; RED ARMY TAKES 2 KEY CENTERS (3/21/44)
GHEI: Millennials, the Social Security sucker generation
GI Joe, the world's first action figure, turns 50
GIVE STATES VETO OVER ABUSIVE FEDERAL LAWS
GLAAD Rages Against Phil Robertson's Return to Duck Dynasty
GLAAD Remains Mad, Doubles Down on Being Bad
GLAAD Supports Wells Fargo: Boycott Wells Fargo
GLAAD and National Socialist Program(vanity)
GLAAD called for depriving ‘hate mongers’ of ‘platform to spread anti-gay hate’ [VIDEO]
GLAAD: Decision to Reinstate “Duck Dynasty” Star About ‘Profits’
GLAAD: Lethal Enforcers of the Left's Tolerance Mob
GLOCK 42 vs The World [video only]
GM 4Q Profit Widely Misses Expectations
GM Asked to Pay Back $10 Billion Bailout Costs
GM Asked to Recall 382,000 Vehicles With Steering Loss Defect
GM Attempted Ludicrous 'Fix' for Defective Ignitions in 2005
GM CEO Mary Barra To Sit With Michelle Obama At The State Of The Union
GM Doubles Down on Volt Failure; Sells Only 58 Electric Cadillac ELRs
GM Names Mary Barra as First Female CEO
GM Recall Death Toll to Rise?; What Did Mary Barra Know and When Did She Know it?
GM Response to Recall Delay Victims Anything BUT Compassionate
GM Spends $1.3 Billion to “Create or Retain” 1,000 Jobs
GM To Stop Making Cars In Australia By 2017
GM halts most Chevy Cruze sales
GM recall: Report 'links' faulty vehicles to 303 deaths
GM recalling 370,000 trucks over fire risk
GM sells more cars in China than US again
GM taking $750M Q1 charges amid new recalls
GM to stop making cars in Australia by 2017
GM's Advertising Identity Crisis Hurting Sales
GM's Balance Sheet Not as Healthy as it Looks
GMA host Robin Roberts reveals she's gay in thank you letter to fans and 'long time girlfriend'
GMA host Robin Roberts reveals she's gay in thank you letter to fans....
GM’s Debt Rises as Earnings Disappoint; Warns on First Quarter
GO FIGURE: Facebook read daily more than Bible
GOCRA Update: The Bloomberg Bill(MN)
GOD'S NOT DEAD!
GOOGLE CELEBRATES GAY RIGHTS WITH RAINBOW DOODLE FOR SOCHI GAMES
GOOGLE'S DISCRIMINATORY LEFTISM
GOOGLE's LARRY PAGE: I Would Rather Give My Billions To Elon Musk Than Charity
GOP "ChamberMaids" Attempt to Rebrand Common Core (Georgia)
GOP 3-D gun ban gives early Christmas to Obama, Democrats
GOP Abandons Principle With Subsidy-Filled Farm Bill
GOP Aided by Democrats Attack Conservatives (The Attack of the Vichy Republicans)
GOP Amnesty: The Final Last Straw
GOP Appears to Tap Immigration Brakes
GOP Begins To Fight Back Against Obama's Broad Executive Overreach
GOP Benghazi Probe Leader Has Huge Conflict Of Interest
GOP Bill on Obamacare ID Theft Irks White House
GOP Blows Chance To Nail Another ObamaCare Failure
GOP CRAFTS PLAN TO WRECK THE COUNTRY, LOSE VOTERS
GOP Candidates Jockey For Pole Position At CPAC
GOP Chairman pledges to oppose any path to citizenship for illegal immigrants
GOP Committee Financially Backs 2 Pro-Abortion, Pro-Gay Marriage Candidates
GOP Congressional Committee Backs Off Tea Party Conflict
GOP Congresswoman: ‘Immigration Is Really a Woman Issue’ (Ros-Lehtinen)
GOP Contenders Better Take Note of Rand Paul' s Strategery
GOP Crafts New Rules To Shorten 2016 Primary Season
GOP Estab, Chamber of Commerce Preparing for Looming Amnesty Fight
GOP Establishment Plays Games: America Loses
GOP Establishment Rushes to Save Thad Cochran (should have retired!)
GOP Establishment's 'Save Cochran' Campaign Fizzling
GOP Establishment's War on Tea Party Comes to Texas
GOP Field Hasn’t Been This Split in 40 Years
GOP Future Bright . . . If We Can Keep It
GOP Governors Accuse Obama of Politically Motivated National Guard Cuts
GOP Hawks Worry Rand Paul Has Too Much Ron
GOP Infighting: A Boon for Senate Conservatives Fund
GOP Insurgent Threatens Mississippi's Sen. Cochran in Primary
GOP LEADERS BROKE THEIR PLEDGE TO AMERICA
GOP LEADERSHIP: BENGHAZI VICTIMS' FAMILIES 'ABSURD AND INACCURATE' IN SELECT COMMITTEE DEMAND
GOP Lawmaker Says Benghazi Investigation Will Lead to Hillary: 'It Was Her Show'
GOP Leader Eric Cantor to Headline Liberal Republican Group’s Anti-Tea Party Conference
GOP Leaders Won't Escape Conservative Voters' Wrath
GOP Leadership Tees Up Immigration for Retreat (funded by U.S. Chamber of Amnesty, other lobbyists)
GOP Leadership: Benghazi Victims´ Families ´Absurd and Inaccurate´ in Select Committee Demand
GOP Mulls Raising Debt Limit, Undoing Pension Cut
GOP Must Re-Learn Campaign Techniques [Neither insiders nor grassroots know how to win]
GOP Must Shut Down Senate
GOP Must Strike While Obamacare Iron Is Hot
GOP Myths About Conservative Candidates
GOP Negotiator: No Immigration Overhaul This Year
GOP Prepares Multiple IRS-Related Criminal Charges
GOP Rep. Gary Miller will retire
GOP Rep. Hunter slams reported proposal to ban tobacco sales on Navy bases, ships
GOP Rep. Physically Threatens Reporter After Being Asked About Campaign Corruption (Video at Link)
GOP Rep. Stockman Urges House to Repeal Gun Ban on Military Bases
GOP Rep: Gas tax hike 'resonates' with lawmakers
GOP Rep: Most Obamacare plans for Congress cover abortion
GOP Rep: Obama Administration's OSHA Targeting Non-Union Plants with Inspectors Accompanied by..
GOP Report Concludes Military Could Not Have Changed Outcome in Benghazi
GOP Senate Candidate Walks Back Seemingly Pro-Obamacare Comments (North Carolina)
GOP Senate Front-Runner Not Sure if He’ll Vote to Make McConnell the Majority Leader
GOP Senate hopefuls defect on budget vote
GOP Senate race starts with deadlock as Tillis slides, poll finds (NC - the next battle!)
GOP Senator Apologizes for McCain (Temper) Tantrum at Syrian Christian Leader Meeting
GOP Senator Apologizes for McCain Tantrum at Syrian Christian Leader Meeting
GOP Senator Says Obama Admin 'Cooked the Books' on ObamaCare Numbers
GOP Surrenders on Budget Deal (Funds ObamaCare for 2 years; McConnell silent...)
GOP Surrenders on Budget Deal (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
GOP To Shorten Presidential Nominating Season; Keep NH As ‘First In Nation’
GOP War on Conservatives Backfires
GOP adopts changes to 2016 presidential primary process
GOP battles base on immigration
GOP bill requires prison term for ObamaCare ID theft
GOP blasts Obama defense cuts
GOP can count ways to Senate majority
GOP can make 2014 elections a referendum on corporate welfare
GOP candidate for Calif. governor is sex offender, served decade in jail for manslaughter
GOP candidate: Some groups contemplate infanticide
GOP challenger Steve Stockman targets John Cornyn on debt ceiling vote
GOP challenger rips ‘crony’ Cantor on immigration
GOP civil war: Mitch McConnell’s Tea Party rival accuses him of “thuggery”
GOP civil war: Tea Party group announces spending nearly $1 million to oust Mitch McConnell
GOP congressman blasts NY Times Benghazi claims as ‘misleading’
GOP could be trapped by Democrat demands to fix Obamacare
GOP crafts immigration plant to wreck the country and lose voters (Anne Coulter)
GOP dodges calls for alternatives, continues to condemn Obamacare
GOP donors reportedly working to draft Jeb Bush for 2016 presidential run (NO!!!!)
GOP donors worried about Christie’s 2016 prospects
GOP establishment is backing Ben Sasse’s opponent in Nebraska; Updated
GOP establishment meddles in contested primaries (Boehner emulates Kyl)
GOP establishment panics over Christie’s troubles: “I think we need Mitt back”
GOP eyes Dem help on ObamaCare (unbelievably stupid people in the GOP!)
GOP firm’s poll: McConnell in statistical tie with Democrat in Kentucky, leads Bevin by 42
GOP focuses on empowering Americans, not gov’t
GOP forum: Candidates agree on forest control ( Oregon )
GOP gets O-Care angst (Establishment Republican strategists: Stop criticizing Obamacare so much)
GOP grows confident of Senate takeover
GOP hopeful said vote for Mitt Romney was vote for 'tyranny'
GOP insiders back Rubio in 2016
GOP lawmaker SLAMS Rachel Maddow: ‘Stop being a cheerleader and be a journalist’ [VIDEO]
GOP lawmaker demands Obama release text of (secret) Iran nuclear deal
GOP lawmaker suggests Eric Holder should ‘be in jail’ — to his face! [VIDEO]
GOP lawmakers believe over $1 billion spent to promote Obamacare
GOP lawmakers don’t love Jeb’s comments
GOP moderates are not team players, part 73
GOP mulls 32 candidates for president in 2016--so far
GOP must target Rustbelt to win presidency: Column
GOP obstruction of Obamacare is closing hospitals
GOP official says his party’s full of bigots!
GOP poll shows McConnell up big over Bevin
GOP primary voters won’t buy what the far right is peddling by Jennifer Rubin "Right Turn"
GOP push for immigration reform thwarted
GOP rank-and-file quietly builds an Obamacare alternative
GOP ready to surrender on debt ceiling
GOP rips Lerner for talking to feds
GOP seeking 5-year mandate delay
GOP seeks military pension cuts in looming budget deal
GOP senator [Lugar] ousted by Tea Party challenger donates to Democratic Senate hopeful in Georgia
GOP senator: Administration 'cooking the books' on ObamaCare enrollment
GOP senators push ObamaCare alternative that scraps mandates
GOP should try again to delay Obamacare's individual mandate
GOP struggles to find 'yes' debt votes (Cornyn doesn't have enough GOP cloture votes for Reid)
GOP surges ahead of Democrats in 2014 generic ballot
GOP taps its top woman, mom of three, for Obama rebuttal
GOP tax plan singles out violent video game makers
GOP to Huddle on Immigration at Retreat (GOP Amnesty Retreat 1/29 at Luxury Resort in MD)
GOP to Push 'Clean' Debt Ceiling Increase (Boehner got the call from the blackmailer again!)
GOP to alter rules for presidential nominating process, early-voting states protected
GOP touts campaign to blunt Obama's executive powers
GOP tries to school candidates to avoid disaster
GOP trying to chop down Reid's amendment tree
GOP wants to STOP (Stop This Overreaching Presidency) Obama
GOP will use ObamaCare to sow distrust
GOP's 'Young Guns' Program Backs Pro-Abortion, Pro-Gay Marriage Candidates for Congress
GOP's private war goes public (Senate Conservatives Fund responds to Boehner attack)
GOP: Administration stonewalling on bird deaths (at wind farms)
GOP: Pope’s no liberal
GOPer Attacks Primary Opponent: He Won't Say 'Repeal Obamacare'
GOProud (militant homosexual) co-founder Jimmy LaSalvia leaves Republican Party
GOProud Founder Officially Leaves Republican Party over ‘Tolerance of Bigotry’
GOP’s 2014 primary season is about to begin
GOP’s Alan Simpson backs gay marriage in ad
GOP’s worrisome waltz with amnesty
GOP’s “Duck Dynasty” problem: Why Phil Robertson was a hugely important political story (Unreal)
GOP’s “demands” for debt-ceiling hike: Approve Keystone or repeal the ObamaCare bailout program
GOP’s “religious liberty” scam just died: Why Brewer’s veto is so momentous
GOVERNMENT WORKERS COST 45% MORE THAN PRIVATE SECTOR WORKERS
GOVERNOR ORDERS CONFISCATION OF ALL GUNS
GOWDY: You don’t have discretion on whether to follow the law or not… HOLDER: I disagree…
GPS pioneer warns on network’s security
GRADE SCHOOL KIDS Play “Knockout” – Smack Peoria Man in Head (Video)
GREAT LAKES BECOME NEARLY COVERED WITH ICE
GREG ABBOTT STEERS CLEAR OF SCANDAL-PLAGUED CHRISTIE'S TEXAS RGA TRIP
GROUNDED aka EARTHING for health (Alaska) Movie
GROVER NORQUIST: Here Are The Only 6 Republicans Who Can Win In 2016
GSE Reform: The Economic Effects of Eliminating a Government Guarantee in Housing Finance
GUEST COLUMN: OBAMACARE KILLED MY SISTER
GUN STUN: Gun control activist swears he forgot he was carrying gun while visiting school
GUNS
GUTTING THE U.S. MILITARY
GZ Interview With Univision Translated Transcript
Ga. Senate Candidate Veers Left of Crowded GOP Field on Wall Street Reform (liberal Purdue!)
Gaba In, Gaba Out: WaPo Hails 'Nonpolitical' Blogger Spouting Rosy Obamacare Numbers
Gabby Giffords PACs Push for Gun Control Congress, Senate in 2014
Gabby Giffords: ‘It’s Too Dangerous To Wait’ For Gun Control
Gabby Giffords’ national gun control group targets Georgia
Gabrielle Giffords Launches PAC to Help Gun Control Supporters
Gabrielle Giffords Plans Book on Gun Control
Gabrielle Giffords reports progress on recovery in New York Times essay
Gaffe: Obama Visits Gap, Amazed by Credit Card Machine: "Oh wow, so you can sign the machine?"
Gafur Rakhimov: The Heroin Trafficker Who Brought to Winter Olympics to Sochi
Gallagher's leadership highlights command change
Gallerist Threatened with murder by Muslims after Vilks exhibition
Gallup Daily: Obama Job Approval
Gallup Daily: Obama Job Approval (39% among ADULTS!)
Gallup Daily: Obama Job Approval [Disapprove Just Hit an unprecedented 55%]
Gallup Obama approval numbers suggest shifting Electoral College map
Gallup Poll: #1 U.S. Problem is Government, the Economy is #2
Gallup Poll: Unemployment the Biggest Problem in US
Gallup State of the States: North Dakota No. 1 in Well-Being, West Virginia Still Last
Gallup presidential job approval [Laughable 7 Point Swing in Obama's Favour in ONE DAY]
Gallup shows workforce participation rate declining to two-year low
Gallup vs. BLS Unemployment Differs by Nearly 3 Million Workers
Gallup: 53% of Americans Say Obama Not Respected by Other World Leaders
Gallup: Global warming ranks at bottom of environmental issues for Americans
Gallup: Health Law Seen as Obama's Biggest Achievement, Failure
Gallup: Liberal Self-Identification Edges Up to New High in 2013
Gallup: More Americans than ever name “big government” as the biggest threat to U.S.
Gallup: Obama's disapproval numbers soar to new high
Gallup: Obama, Clinton Continue Reign as Most Admired: 6th year in a row for Obama, 12th for Clinton
Gallup: Only 3% of Americans Rank Immigration Reform as Top Priority (Boehner still determined!)
Gallup: Only 5% of Religious Americans Are Non-Christians
Gallup: Only “state” with positive economic confidence is… Washington DC
Gallup: Percentage of Uninsured Americans Higher Now Than in 2008
Gallup: Record high fear 'big government' [72%]
Gallup: Sarah Palin And Michelle Obama Equally Admired
Gallup: Wyoming Residents Most Conservative, D.C. Most Liberal
Gallup: Young people more likely to align with Democratic Party
Galveston to celebrate 175th birthday with a year of events (amazing pics of 1900 hurricane)
Gambler antes up, gives $10K reward to Vegas cabbie who found his $300K
Gambler sues casino, says he lost $500,000 playing drunk
Gambling and Government
Game Changer: It Will Be Shocking for the Average American: “Your Cost of Living Will Quadruple”
Game day.
Game of Thrones tells the story of Britain better than most histories
Game-changer: Saudis seek to re-balance Mideast against U.S.
Games World Leaders Play:Thermonuclear War. The Goal is - WTF!
Gang 'snatched 13-year-old runaway off the street and forced her into prostitution
Gang member accused of killing 6-year-old girl due in court
Gang war bust: Sixteen indicted, four charged with capital murder (E. Palo Alto, CA)
Gansler supports commuter discount on ICC
Gao Zhisheng, Hero of Our Times, Who Revealed the Truth About the 21-st Century China
GarCo residents face highest rate for Obamacare ( Colorado )
Garcetti Nominates Anaheim City Manager To Head DWP {Union Suspect of $40M theft]
Garcia Marquez Leaves Hospital, in 'Delicate' State
Gardaí to be armed in dissident crackdown (Republic of Ireland police)
Gardner raises $1.4 million to challenge Udall (CO Senate)
Garrett Epps’s Topsy-Turvy Misunderstanding of Religious-Liberty Precedents (Hobby Lobby related)
Garrick Utley, a Mainstay at NBC News, Dies at 74
Garry Kasparov: 'High Time To Respond' To Putin
Gary Johnson announces libertarian Super PAC
Gary Kubiak fired as Houston Texans head coach
Gary Peters' Shameful War on a Brave Woman
Gary Stein: Time to make George Zimmerman disappear
Gary woman admits selling baby for sex
Gas Prices Will Fall in 2014. But You May Pay More at the Pump Anyway
Gas Tax Hike Touted for Transportation Woes
Gas field politics affect leadership in Western Pa. communities [oust those opposed to drilling]
Gas prices may jump from California emissions law
Gas up .24 in just two days
Gas-to-liquids plants face challenges in the U.S. market
Gasman's "The Scientific Origins of National Socialism"
Gassy Cows Are Warming The Planet, And They're Here To Stay
Gassy German cows blamed for barn explosion
Gates Buries Biden on Piers Morgan Live
Gates Faults Obama Over Afghanistan
Gates Foundation Lobbies for Feds to Collect Data on College Graduates' Lives
Gates Slams Biden in Memoir, Reveals He Nearly Quit
Gates book blasts ‘incompetent’ Congress; accuses Reid, others of seeking favors
Gates slams Biden in new memoir
Gates: By the Way, Harry Reid Saying the War in Iraq was Lost in '07 Was "Disgraceful"
Gates: Crimea is 'gone'
Gates: Tax consumption to fix unemployment caused by technology [VIDEO]
Gates: White House 'should go look in the mirror'
Gates: for Obama, War is 'about Getting Out' Former defense secretary says Obama was convinced
Gates: ‘Don’t ask, don’t tell’ fight was only time Obama showed ‘passion’ for military issues
Gathering Strength For U.S. Manufacturing: Whirlpool Moves Production Of Washers To Ohio From Mexico
Gatineau [Quebec] man savagely beats, stabs wife at a wedding
Gator Bowl dropping "Gator" completely, moves to Jan 2nd
Gator Caught After Biting Man on Foot in West Palm Beach Canal
Gator’s Dockside Restaurant Adds Health Law Expense to Tabs
Gavone from Boston vs. The Kid from NYC
Gawker Got Literally Everything Wrong About Florida’s New Warning Shots Bill
Gawker: Arrest Global Warming Deniers
Gay Activists Demand Phil Robertson Look Gays “In The Eyes And Listen To How He’s Hurt Them”
Gay Activists Determined to Overthrow Florida's Traditional Marriage Laws
Gay Activists Target St. Patrick’s Day Parade
Gay Anglican priest marries his boyfriend. He'll be the first of many
Gay Anti-Israel Buddhist Claims Pajama Boy Critics are Anti-Semitic
Gay Baptist minister sues for right to wed
Gay Bishop Gene Robinson Asks Pope Francis to Change Doctrine Branding Homosexuality a Disorder
Gay Community Update: Libs Not Happy, Happy, Happy with Phil Robertson
Gay Couple Plans to Get Married Atop Float During Rose Parade in Pasadena
Gay Gestapo Bagged a Duck
Gay Groups Oppose Black Mayor Nominated to Head Va. Dem Party; Will MSNBC Cover Spat?
Gay Hairdresser Refuses Service To Republican Governor, Liberals Silent
Gay Hairdresser Refuses to Cut Governor's Hair Over Gay Marriage Issue
Gay Icon Nesting Dolls Sent to the Kremlin for Christmas
Gay International Brigades head for the Russian Front?
Gay Juror Taken Off Panel Improperly: Court
Gay Marchers Can Join Boston St. Patrick's Parade
Gay Marriage: MP Told He has "Excommunicated" Himself by Voting for Same Sex Weddings [UK]
Gay Marriages Interrupt Grammys' Universal Reach
Gay Marriage—a big stick to beat the church with
Gay Patient Says Catholic Chaplain Refused Him Last Rites
Gay Priest Ousted By Conservative Bishop
Gay Priest Ousted By Conservative Bishop (Michael Barber, SJ)
Gay Republican Group to be Allowed at CPAC Event
Gay Republicans face long odds in House campaigns (Sodomite Infiltration)
Gay Rights Mag Names Pope Francis 'Person of the Year' Despite Same-Sex Marriage Stance
Gay Rights: An Unnecessary Battle
Gay TMZ Chief Slams GLAAD: They Preach Tolerance But They Won’t Tolerate Religious Beliefs
Gay Terrorism at it's Finest
Gay Thought Police Take Note (How to win against the homosexual nazis)
Gay Wedding Cakes, Religious Freedom and the Return of Slavery in America
Gay activists aim to shut down Oregon health food store over owner’s support for true marriage
Gay activists have met their match with Muslim barbers
Gay activists hurl feces at German parents protesting pro-gay school curriculum: report
Gay and Lesbian troops perform in drag on military base
Gay and Undocumented: Some, Like Dagoberto Bailón, Must Come Out Twice
Gay and bisexual boys are more likely to abuse steroids
Gay and lesbian troops perform in drag on American military base
Gay banker jailed for wife murder
Gay couples wed across Michigan in 24 hours same-sex marriage was legal (Stay issued)
Gay couples wed in Utah after judge overturns ban
Gay hair stylist drops New Mexico governor as client because she opposes same-sex marriage
Gay lobby scandal brewing in Russia
Gay mafia: You think you can just leave us, Mr. Glatze?
Gay marriage ban ending in England and Wales on Saturday
Gay marriage catches conservative Utah off guard
Gay marriage fight comes to Southern courtroom
Gay marriage fight pits Texas AG vs. gay friend
Gay marriage float in the Rose Parade
Gay marriage in Utah? Say it ain’t so
Gay marriage movement wins significant victories in 2013
Gay marriage puts the world’s Christians at risk of violent revenge attacks: Archbishop’s…
Gay marriage ruled legal by New Mexico's high court
Gay marriage supporters hail setback for Indiana ban
Gay marriage: MP told he has "excommunicated" himself by voting for same sex weddings
Gay married man says Catholic school rescinded job offer
Gay men concerned after LA meningitis deaths
Gay men say Texas bar kicked them out for dancing
Gay military widow not getting death benefits
Gay parents the 'new normal' on small screen
Gay protester detained in Russia
Gay refugees find shelter after fleeing hate in homelands
Gay rights activists arrested in Idaho Senate
Gay rights groups press Obama for anti-discrimination order (for federal contractors)
Gay student files human rights suit against Catholic school, alleges pattern of ‘homophobia’
Gay teacher fired from Catholic school for trying to wed partner
Gay teacher's big sin: telling the truth
Gay theatre student who claimed he was beaten by homophobic thugs
Gay, lesbian troops perform in drag at Kadena Air Base fundraiser
Gay, lesbian troops perform in drag at Kadena Air Base fundraiser !
Gay-Marriage Foes Scrambling After Court Setbacks
Gay-Rights McCarthyism Takes Brendan Eich Scalp
Gay-marriage foe to march in NYC gay pride parade: Anti-same-sex-marriage banner will be allowed
Gays Bent on Crashing St. Patrick's Day Parade
Gays for Late Term Abortion?
Gaza fighters head to Syria as refugees flow in
Gaza fisherman hooks statue of ancient Greek god Apollo
Gaza public workers say Hamas not paying salaries
Gaza rockets pepper Israel though truce called
Gaza: New Hamas Law Mandates Lashes, Amputations
Gazans bombard southern Israel in massive rocket attack
Gears of Prophercy
Gecko-Footed Robot Fit for Outer Space (article)
Geek Bumper Stickers [Shameless Vanity]
Geithner Warned S&P Chairman US Would Retaliate For Downgrade
Geminids Meteor Shower 2013: Friday night may be best chance to get a look at the annual spectacle
Gen McInerney:US Has Not Come Clean With Flight 370 Data:
Gen McInerny on Hannity ....Malaysian plane landed in Pakistan
Gen. Alexander: NSA Not Spying on Americans’ Calls & Emails
Gen. Boykin to Congress: Religious Liberty Must Be Affirmed, Cherished in Military
Gen. Colin Powell calls for universal health care in the U.S.
Gen. Utley: EPG not closing. Role of facility vital to the Army
Gen. “Mad Dog” Mattis speech, Marine Corps University Foundation’s 2014 Semper Fidelis Award Dinner
Gender Madness Taking Over the Military and Schools
Gender Pay Gaps and the Mighty Obama Samurai Pen
Gene Lyons: ‘Duck Dynasty’ star destined to fade into obscurity
Gene clue to Latin American risk for diabetes
Gene-Doping and the Birth of the Super-Operator (Chinese Super Soldiers)
General (Vallely): Americans must confront Obama's tyranny ('It is time to recall the reprobates...)
General Assembly weighing regulation of surrogacy’s ‘Wild West’
General Cleburne’s Radical Plan
General Electric funneling billions into new energy infrastructure
General George S. Patton was assassinated to silence his criticism of allied war leaders..
General Intelligent Design (GID) Evidence ... (article by R. Herrmann)
General Mark Bircher for Congress
General Motors Becoming China Motors
General Motors CEO (female) Barra to earn $14.4 million in 2014 (60% more than her predecessor)
General Motors expands “igniton recall,” cites 13 deaths
General Motors recalls Chevrolet Cruzes, trucks and SUVs
General Tells Congress Troops Are Willing To Sacrifice Pay
General: Muslim Brotherhood Has Infiltrated Pentagon In 'High Security Clearance' Positions
Generally, what’s your sentiment on Native Hawaiian sovereignty? -FREEP this Poll-
General’s court-martial could shape the future of military justice system
Generation Opportunity Takes ‘Opt-Out’ of Obamacare Message to College Students
Generic Congressional Ballot: Democrats 41%, Republicans 35%
Genesis Science Is Practical, Not Just Academic
Genetic mugshot recreates faces from nothing but DNA
Gennifer Flowers Threatens Suit Over Bill Clinton Tapes (Bimbo Eruption Alert)
Gentlemen Prefer Blondes;The President Goes for Pink
Geoengineering Ineffective Against Climate Change, Could Make Worse
Geoengineering plan could have 'unintended' side effect (DoH! Alert!! Tropics rainfall down 30%)
Geopolitik - Russia's Foreign Policy Explained
George Bush Honors "The One Percent" Who Keep America Safe
George Clooney Saves Puppies From Nazis
George F. Will: State of the Union topic will not be Obamacare
George Flinn announces plan to run against Lamar Alexander
George Goodman, Aka TV's "Adam Smith," Dies at 83
George H.W. Bush: Recalling a man of honor [Nelson Mandela]
George Lopez reportedly passed out drunk at Canadian casino [Huge Obama Cult Leader]
George McClellan Rides Again
George P 'held on burglary charge at 18' (Flashback)
George P Bush's March To Office Hits Endorsement Snag
George P. Bush 'concerned' about GOP immigration stance (July 2012)
George P. Bush Believes Texans Are Gullible Idiots
George P. Bush Candidacy Snubbed by Texas Capital Newspaper
George P. Bush Efforting Young and Latino Votes (FL pub. school teacher for only ONE YEAR flashback)
George P. Bush Hints at Running for Office While Campaigning for Romney (Flashback)
George P. Bush Makes First Speech as Political Candidate (March 2013)
George P. Bush Says G.O.P. Needs ‘Honest Solution’ on Immigration (Flashback)
George P. Bush begins statewide bus tour in Pasadena
George P. Bush makes stop in Tyler (Willow Brook Country Club)
George P. Bush running multimillion-dollar campaign
George P. Bush running: Return of a Texas dynasty? (Flashback)
George P. Bush senses rare opportunity in bid for land commissioner
George P. Bush stumps in Valley, says Abbott’s comments ‘taken out of context’
George P. Bush ‘concerned’ about GOP immigration stance (Flashback)
George P. Bush, David Watts Vie For Texas Land Commissioner Job
George P. Bush: More than a legacy
George P. Bush: Republican Heartthrob (Flashback 2000)
George P. Bush: “My message to dreamers is to keep dreaming” (Flashback)
George P. Bush’s PAC backed Fla. lawmaker resigning after cocaine bust
George P. takes baby steps away from Bush name
George Scott dead at 84 (professional wrestler)
George Soros Funding Anti-Israel Evangelical Group
George Soros Predicts Ukraine Could Ruin The EU
George Soros – Obama’s Puppet Master
George Soros' Giant Globalist Footprint in Ukraine's Turmoil
George Soros’ ex-girlfriend [age 30] smacks the 83-year-old billionaire in the head
George Soros’ real crusade: Legalizing marijuana in the U.S
George W. Bush found the solution to America's healthcare crisis seven years ago. Nobody listened
George W. Bush sends Alabama kicker encouraging letter after loss to Auburn
George W. Bush to attend Mandela funeral with Obama
George W. Bush: Hipster Icon?
George W. Bush: Vladimir Putin ‘dissed’ Barney the dog
George W. Bush’s former chief of staff: “We have a responsibility to make sure Jeb runs
George Washington and the Call of Duty
George Washington wanted Obamacare, Pelosi says [VIDEO]
George Washington's Birthday
George Washington: A Victor in Battle, a Freeman at Heart
George Washington’s Return from Service to Mount Vernon, Christmas Eve, 1783
George Will - Four Words In ObamaCare
George Will: "The New American Entitlement" Is "To Go Through Life Without Being Offended" (video)
George Will: A Recourse to Budgetary Inaction
George Will: Obama's Thoughts On The Difficulties Of Big Government "Highly Amusing"
George Will: Progressives take lessons from ‘Downton Abbey’
George Will: Take a Swing at These (baseball trivia quiz)
George Zimmerman / DMX fight cancelled. Liberals take victory lap
George Zimmerman Fight Back On...but without DMX [Maybe]
George Zimmerman flees Miami after being accosted on beach and $10,000 bounty put on his head
George Zimmerman is reunited with his guns AND the girlfriend who accused him of assault
George Zimmerman lists painting on eBay to thousands of dollars in bids
George Zimmerman rips prosecutor Angela Corey in new painting
George Zimmerman says he’s homeless and suffering from PTSD: report
George Zimmerman selling artwork...bids have reached $100,000 [ebay.com]
George Zimmerman set to fight rapper DMX in celeb boxing match
George Zimmerman to fight in celebrity boxing match
George Zimmerman to fight rapper DMX in celebrity boxing bout
George Zimmerman's Girlfriend Wants to Drop Charges, 'Be With Him'
George Zimmerman's Second Artwork-"Angie"...
George Zimmerman's eBay painting: Winning bid of $100,099.99
George Zimmerman, Free From Jail, Can Get His Guns Back
George Zimmerman: God is 'the only judge that I have to answer to'
George Zimmerman: I want to quit fighting in court with Angela Corey (So he can get on w/suing NBC)
George Zimmerman: I’m President Obama's ‘scapegoat’
George Zimmerman’s boxing match with rapper DMX canceled
Georgetown Professor: Loving Jesus 'Interestingly Homoerotic'
Georgetown University: Daniel Varisco and John Esposito explain “Islamophobia” for you
Georgia Becomes First State in History to Pass the Convention of Sates Application
Georgia Catholic organizations win permanent exclusion from Obamacare birth control mandate
Georgia Christmas Display Prompts Emergency Response
Georgia Couple Shocked Over Racial Slur on Valet Ticket
Georgia Detains Iraqis Accused of Seeking to Enter Russia Illegally
Georgia GOP Rushing Approval of Common Core
Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal Calls Winter Storm That Snarled Atlanta 'Unexpected.' Really?
Georgia House Passes Bill to Allow Guns in Schools, Churches, Certain Gov. Buildings
Georgia House passes bill to begin the process of nullifying Obamacare, 115-59
Georgia Prepares Heavily as South Expects Another Wintry Blow
Georgia Republican Senate hopeful in ’06: ‘solution’ to uninsured ‘has to be at the federal level’
Georgia Republicans Ram Gun Ban Through
Georgia School District Approves Rifles for School Resource Officers
Georgia School District Equipping Resource Officers with AR-15s
Georgia Senate Passes COS Application
Georgia Solider Moves Daughter's Messy Bedroom to Driveway on Monday
Georgia State House Passes Bill to Nullify ObamaCare
Georgia State Senator Admits To Holding Bill Hostage
Georgia Tea Partier Disses Primary Opponent As A 'Boehner-Republican'
Georgia Teen Holding Wii Remote Shot by Cops at His Front Door: Family Lawyer
Georgia Votes for Convention of States to Amend Constitution
Georgia court orders man pay one-time fiancé $50,000 for breaking promise to marry her
Georgia high court disbars former Congresswoman Majette
Georgia island considers whether birds would be harmed if wind turbine is built
Georgia on the Brink
Georgia pushes monthly fee for Lifeline phones (free brings fraud)
Georgia to Pass Awesome Slowpoke Bill
Georgia woman who pleaded guilty to explosives charges sentenced to 6 years probation
Georgia, Mississippi Follow Arizona by Blocking Bills Seen as Anti-Gay
Georgia, Tom Coburn Call for Constitutional Convention
Georgia: Thanks to your active help and involvement, the Georgia Senate passed House Bill 60
Georgian Anti-corruption - the elimination of state machinery
Georgian Martyr Queen's Remains Found in Goa
Georgians Vote to Secede and Join Russia
Geraldo Attacks O’Reilly over Contentious Obama Interview: You ‘Minimized’ the President!
Gerd Albrecht has died (German conductor)
Gerlach (Pa. 6th)won't seek re-election
German Backpacker 'Ate Flies' to Survive While Lost in Queensland Outback
German Bishops Defy Vatican Prefect Over Communion for Divorced
German Bishops Tell Vatican: Catholics Reject Sex Rules
German Church Leader Signals Opening for Divorcees
German FM calls upon Israel to make tough decisions
German Family Faces Deportation, Illegal DREAM Immigrants Allowed To Stay
German Gold Manipulation Blowback Escalates: Deutsche Bank Exits Gold Price Fixing
German Homeschoolers, Romeike Family, Will Not Be Deported, DHS Says
German Minister: ‘US Operating Without any Kind of Boundaries’
German Muslims Outraged at Catholic Archbishop's Comments on Family
German Newspaper Publishes Top Nazi's Letters (Audio of Himmler Speech Glorifying Holocaust)
German Security Contact Dies in US Drone Attack
German Shipbuilder Lurssen could deliver more than 100 Patrol Boats to Saudi Arabia
German Wind Farm Company Prokon Bankrupt
German Woman, Dead Six Months ... Found in Front of TV
German bishop claims goal is 'dialogue' on Communion for remarried
German cardinal, author of book on mercy, to address world's cardinals
German church leader signals opening for divorcees
German coalition squabbles over EU immigration
German defense chief von der Leyen calls for stronger NATO backing in Ukraine crisis
German doctors: Cannabis can kill you
German foreign minister tries new tone to court Russia
German govt officials: It’s time to cut our losses with these renewable subsidy programs already
German imperialism and the African Holocaust (article)
German magazine claims NSA hacking unit uses powerful methods to obtain data
German neo-Nazis could enter EU parliament after court ruling
German newspaper is accused of anti-Semitic propaganda
German top court to rule on whether ECB (European Central Bank) can buy bonds
German town won't let parents name their child 'WikiLeaks'
Germans want greater state internet control
Germany Agrees to Help Destroy Syria's Chemical Weapons
Germany Canceling Eurofighter Jet Order Narrows Field of Buyers
Germany accuses Russia of Europe break up bid
Germany and France to hold talks on protecting EU data from NSA
Germany arrests 93-yo former Nazi medic over WWII Auschwitz massacres
Germany arrests three suspected Auschwitz guards — aged 88, 92 and 94
Germany bans Hezbollah-linked fundraising group
Germany bans managers from calling or emailing staff after work hours
Germany current account surplus said to hit record, eclipsing China
Germany in renewed push for EU treaty change
Germany is now the bordello of Europe
Germany must play bigger global role, not dominate: president
Germany opposes EU-US investor protection scheme
Germany ready to reinforce NATO-Russia borders
Germany seizes cocaine-filled condoms sent to Vatican
Germany signals new self-confidence on military operations
Germany started the Great War, but the Left can’t bear to say so
Germany tells citizens to get out of Yemen
Germany to 'sell Egypt two more subs'
Germany to assist Israelis in states where they have no embassy
Germany to help destroy Syrian chemicals
Germany to lend €100m for Irish businesses ‘by summer’
Germany to play bigger military role
Germany's liberals rule out euroscepticism as revival tactic
Germany, I apologise for this sickening avalanche of first world war worship
Germany: Animal rights activists cradle dead pigs, chickens (Video)
Germany: Defense seeks acquittal in WWII killing
Germany: No ‘Settlements’ in Cooperation Agreements (to Israel)
Germany’s Defence Minister arrives in Afghanistan
Germany’s Schäuble signals support for eurozone parliament
Gestational diabetes may raise risk for future heart disease
Get COS in the News! (Convention of States)
Get Duck Dynasty Merchandise cheap at Cracker Barrel
Get Enrolled [new Obaamcare ad features gay men dancing in their underwear]
Get Enrolled!! (VIDEO: Obamacare ad targeted to the gay demographic -- THIS IS NOT A PARODY)
Get Konnected! (video)
Get Over It! We Are Not All Created Equal [Timely flashback from a USMC female officer]
Get Paid in Bitcoin With BitPay’s New Payroll API
Get Plugged In! - Start the new year right, the convention of states project needs you
Get Ready To See Michelle Obama's Face Plastered All Over Your Local Subway Sandwich Shop
Get Ready for One-Party Rule If GOP Wins the Senate (reaction to Mitch McConnell floor speech)
Get To Know the Common Core Marketing Overlords
Get Training for Le Tour de TEOTWAWKI
Get Your Brisket on at Wednesday’s ‘Brisket King of NYC’ Contest
Get Your Copies (Matthew Bracken Books Free Kindle Download)
Get a backbone, Canada. Stop unreasonable accommodation
Get informed about fracking
Get not one, but TWO free Freeper novels today on Amazon.com.
Get outraged over radical Islam
Get ready for amnesty and more legal immigration.
Get ready for it to feel as cold as MINUS SIXTY! Nation braces for coldest temperatures in 40 YEARS
Get ready for the banana pandemic to destroy your favorite fruit
Get ready for the destruction of college football by organized labor
Get ready to have your biometrics tracked 24/7 [Scary!]
Get ready to quit the EU now, Davis tells the Tories as he tears into Cameron and predicts…
Get real, lower drinking age to 19
Get set for the rise of the machines (Robots, automation & tablets replacing human workers?)
Get the State Out of Marriage
Get to Know the Global Superstars of Wine
Getting Along In The GOP
Getting High on the Taxpayers Dime
Getting Satisfaction
Getting Serious about Obamacare Repeal
Getting Started in Prepping
Getting Warmer
Getting Your Ideas Noticed - The Ricochet Family
Getting close and personal: Researchers, drug companies are ganging up for a new push against cancer
Getting weird phone calls... foreigner saying I applied for a loan
Ghost Of 1929 Re-Appears - Pay Attention To The Signals
Ghostly Figure In Photo A Sign From God? Pastor Thinks So
Giant Tesla battery factory producing 'affordable' electric cars at $35,000? [Nevada solar?]
Giant US Retailer to Accept Bitcoin
Giant alien world discovered where it should not exist
Giant glass orb could replace the solar panel
Giant inflatable whale too ‘religious’ for London park
Giant jellyfish found on Australia beach
Giant snowman named 'Olaf' built in Wisconsin by Jim Smith of Wabeno
Giant sunspot convulses but all quiet on the aurora front… for now
Giant yellow duck explodes in Taiwan...again
Gibbs frets about Dem 2014 chances [turn out the lights. The party’s over,” he said....]
Gibbs: 'This Is the Worst Year of the Presidency'
Gibson Sticks Thumb in Obama Administration's Eye with 'Government Series' Guitars
Giffords testifies on Wash. gun initiative
Giffords' husband Mark Kelly backs Oregon gun bill
Gifts from Obamas go to wrong address [Post Office opens package, then repacks in toilet paper box]
Gigantic Space Battle Breaks Out in EVE Online, Thanks to Unpaid Bill
Gilad Shalit Joins Calls to Release Jonathan Pollard
Gilead Sciences (GILD): Analyst Comments on Letter from Democratic Leaders
Gilead offers Egypt new hepatitis C drug at 99 percent discount
Gillibrand wants vote on military sex assault bill ‘right away’
Gimme Shelter movie inspires with real life story of survival
Gingrich Schools Reich: 'Every Major City Which Is a Poverty Center Is Run By Democrats'
Gingrich calls for Sec. Kerry to resign over global warming remarks
Gingrich says Mozilla ousting just the 'most open, blatant example of the new fascism'
Gingrich: As soon as 2016 is about substance, Hillary starts losing support, literally, overnight
Gingrich: Kerry should resign for comparing global warming to WMD
Giraffe licks dying zoo worker
Girl Demands 300kg Grouper Fish as Dowry
Girl Gets Stuck in Washing Machine While Playing Hide and Seek
Girl Mistakes Chameleon for Crocodile, Calls Police
Girl Offers to Marry Old Man to Clear Dad's Debt - Creditor Reacts
Girl Refuses to Wed for Being Called 'Chicken'
Girl Scout CEO Makes YouTube Plea Against Cookiecott
Girl Scout Cookies Controversy – To Sell or Not To Sell? You Decide!
Girl Scout Does Brisk Business Selling Cookies Outside San Francisco Pot Club
Girl Scout berated while selling cookies
Girl Scout skips the cookies, raises money for pro-life groups
Girl Scouts Hire Lesbian as Chief Girl Experience Officer
Girl Scouts Name Wendy Davis as 'Incredible' Woman, Show Ties to Abortion Industry
Girl Scouts Promote 'Incredible' Wendy Davis on 'Women of Year' List
Girl Scouts Promote Environmental Justice, Climate Change, Green Energy in Its Leadership Program
Girl Scouts Promote Environmental Justice, Climate Change, Green Energy in Its Leadership program
Girl Scouts Receive Counterfeit Bills for Cookies, Woman Sought (Lake Elsinore, CA)
Girl Scouts Shun Pro-Life Girls at United Nations Meeting
Girl Scouts Suggest Abortion Activist Wendy Davis for “Woman of the Year”
Girl Scouts Threaten Legal Action Against Critical Pro-Life Groups
Girl Scouts USA Threatens LifeNews After Reporting Its Link to Planned Parenthood
Girl Scouts admit transgendered boy in Colorado
Girl Scouts at Gun Show
Girl Scouts’ Ties to Planned Parenthood Date Back to the 1970s
Girl Talks to Pope on Immigration, Then Dad Freed
Girl declared brain dead after tonsil surgery will be taken off life support (Count the horrors!)
Girl scout ... has gun pulled on her ... trying to sell him cookies
Girl scouts hire lesbian as chief 'girl experience officer'
Girl sold by parents, enslaved in Irvine for years, is hidden no more
Girl, 10, Gets Emotional Reunion With Dad At LAX After Making Plea To Pope Francis
Girl, 11, shot by 'drunk' father angry that mother wouldn't let into the house
Girl, 12, killed on first date after her 'drunk' father's SUV dragged her 50ft into a tree...
Girl, 14, gang raped while walking home through Sydney park
Girl, 14, struck and killed by train in Martinez
Girl, 15, shot with her mother in Romeoville dies
Girl, 16, charged with murder after 'strangling her boyfriend, 43, to death during kinky sex game
Girl, 17, fights for life after she was shot point blank in the head by school gunman...
Girl, 7, beaten unconscious by classmates at Md. elementary school
Girl, 8, wearing suicide vest detained in Afghanistan
Girlfriend wants charges dropped against Zimmerman
Girls’ Night Out: First Lady Michelle Obama Attends A Concert In Annapolis
GitHub Takes Down Satirical 'C Plus Equality' Language
Giuliani Slams de Blasio, Says He Has ‘Real Disagreements’ With Mayor’s Policy
Give America a Raise: Fire Obama and Eliminate the Fed (Yessssssssss)
Give Her a Gun Valentine
Give Low-income Earners Exit from Social Security
Give Me Amendments or Give Me Death
Give Me Liberty, or Give Me Death… (Or Free Birth-Control)
Give me liberty or give me Obamacare! Jindal soars in "The Silent War on Religious Liberty"
Give me your money now - Free money disposal service"
Give the surplus back to Wisconsin taxpayers (Scott Walker)
Give up, gay marriage haters: Grammys mass wedding proves you've lost
Give ‘piece’ a chance: White House makes Twitter typo, sparks Obamacare photo meme
Given Ukraine, Mika Blasts People Making Money at Olympics—But Omits NBC
Given the "Satanic Verses," Can the Qur'an Be Trusted?
Giving Something Back
Giving The Country Away
Giving Up to Gain
Giving up on Washington (Salena Zito)
Gladiator Soundtrack : "Earth" by Hans Zimmer (If you need a beautiful, peaceful, calming moment)
Glendale PD: Deputy going 41 mph over speed limit before fatal crash
Glendale [California] Councilman Wants DreamWorks To Pay Up For Pres. Obama’s Visit
Glenn Beck Asks His Audience To Support Justina's Family
Glenn Beck Challenges Writer to Read 'Lone Survivor' Review to Navy SEAL's Face
Glenn Beck Has Completely Lost It
Glenn Beck Makes a Very Exciting Offer to the Cast of ‘Duck Dynasty’
Glenn Beck Poisoned?
Glenn Beck Reagan speech at Sheriff's Posse Part 1
Glenn Beck Saw ‘Noah’ Over the Weekend, and He’s Calling It the ‘Babylonian Chainsaw Massacre’
Glenn Beck Stands With GLAAD Over Russian 'Hetero-Fascism' (Video)
Glenn Beck and S.E. Cupp Are Getting a Full Hour to Themselves on CNN This Friday
Glenn Beck exposes Cass Sunstein fantasy turned reality
Glenn Beck is Pro-Gay!
Glenn Beck ridiculously scolds CNN’s Jake Tapper in 2 a.m. battle (BS!)
Glenn Beck says he prayed to God for Vladmir Putin to die
Glenn Beck says he regrets ‘helping tear the country apart’
Glenn Beck sides with GLAAD. Really, Glenn?
Glenn Beck to New York Gov. Cuomo: Are our tax dollars not welcome here?
Glenn Beck's father has just passed away.
Glenn Beck: Boehner's 'Worthless' and McConnell's a 'Liar'
Glenn Beck: Chris Christie a ‘fat nightmare’
Glenn Beck: Sean Hannity-Mark Levin feud resolved
Glenn Beck: That great old RCA 44 mic would sound better if you'd back off six to twelve inches.
Glenn Beck’s Audience Donated Over $1 Million to Fight Child Sex Trafficking.
Glenn Champ - Candidate for Calif. Governoe
Glenn breaks down some of the theories surrounding Malaysian Airlines flight MH370
Glitches in State Exchanges Give G.O.P. a Cudgel
Glitz and Glitch at Sochi Opening Ceremony: One Olympic Ring fails to Light
Global Citizens of the World, Obey!
Global Consequences of the Venezuelan Revolt
Global Cooling Deniers: Is an Ice Age Coming?
Global Cooling: Is an Ice Age Coming?
Global Digital Seeks To Add Firepower As Gun Maker (looking to buy Remington)
Global Governance 2025: Rewriting the Life of the Common Man as we know it
Global Irony - Warming theory gets trapped in Antactic ice.
Global Islamism: Prospects for 2014
Global Lessons From the Worldwide Church of God [Grace Communion Intl traces u-turn as sect]
Global Muslim Bloc Launches War On Free Speech In West
Global Study Finds Majority Believe Traditional Hospitals Will Be Obsolete In The Near Future
Global Warming "Science"; What Investors Need To Know, Don't Just Trust The "Experts"
Global Warming Continues Assault on US
Global Warming Fanatics Trapped In Antarctic Sea Ice
Global Warming Gone AWOL
Global Warming Impacts Widespread, U.N. Panel Says
Global Warming Loons Protesting Pipeine Seek "Signers for Petition To Lower Temperature Of Sun"
Global Warming Researcher Gets Stuck in Ice
Global Warming Scientists Meet During Record Cold in California
Global Warming and the Rise of the Mongolian Empire
Global Warming: Don't Confuse Us with the Facts
Global Warming: UN Says Communists Fight It Best
Global demand, inexpensive natural gas are increasing domestic plastic production
Global fallout from the RSA/NSA cooperation pact and compromised U.S technology giants.
Global landmarks to switch off the lights for Earth Hour 2014
Global super rich eye office blocks over mansions as wealth hits $20 trillion
Global warming activists’ ice capades
Global warming devastates America
Global warming not stopped, will go on for centuries: WMO
Global warming to hit Asia hardest, warns new report on climate change
Global warming will kill us all, warns Common Core-aligned homework
Global warming's glorious ship of fools (Mark Steyn)
Global warming’s deranged disciples
Global-warming ‘proof’ is evaporating (Michael Fumento)
Globalfoundries Emerges as Lead Candidate to Buy IBM Chip Plants, Sources Say -- Update
Globalist eco-progressives getting pretty excited about their prospects for that 2015
Globalists and Gangs Back Marxist Mass-murderer in El Salvador
Globe: [Democrat] Grossman passes kidney stone at gubernatorial forum
Gloria Allred: Obama’s No-Match Letter From Social Security Likely Means He’s An Undocumented Worker
Gloria Estefan and Kenny Ortega To Serve As 2014 Miami Beach Gay Pride Grand Marshals
Gluten-free Communion Wafers Not Holy, Says Catholic Diocese in Ohio
Gmail Can Now Tell Senders When A Recipient Opens An Email
GnuTLS: Big internal bugs, few real-world problems
Go Broncos.
Go Navy, beat Army
Go Therefore
Go home Uncle Sam, you’re drunk! Feds rang up $1.3M booze tab last year
GoPro video puts Sonoma ranchers (and their pig) in spotlight. But is it real?
Goats Attempt To Balance On Thin Steel Ribbon
Gobekli Tepe Report
God & America...Anything is Possible
God Bless Delta Baggage Handlers
God Bless the Koch Brothers!
God Blog: Noah the movie drowns in a flood of hyper-environmentalism
God Has to Be a Personal Being
God Made a Farmer (Super bowel ad)
God Opened (Or Closed) The Door… The good and bad ways of using “open door” language
God Responds to Lawsuit Against the Word "Sin"
God Shows Up at the Oscars
God Will Avenge The Elect Speedily...Luke 18 pt 5
God and Caesar (Again)
God and Jesus, Politics and Government
God and Science---a Comment on the “Hand of God” in Space
God and Sexuality at Bowdoin
God in Winter – A Meditation on Finding God in the Snow.
God of Wonders - Snow Crystals
God of the Nations
God rest Nelson Mandela. His [horrid] record on pro-life/pro-family issues
God will Avenge His Elect...Luke 18 pt 4
God's Not Dead (Movie Title)
God's Not Dead [Official Movie]
God's Not Dead' Crashes Box Office Top 5, 'Muppets' Bombs
God's not Dead movie -- short review
God, Aristotle and Cleveland
Godless And Immoral Culture Embraces Homosexual Marriage
Godzilla-Sized Zither Hangs off the Seattle Space Needle
God’s Law is Personal
Gohmert to Holder Over Fast and Furious: I Don't Need a Lecture From You About Contempt!
Gohmert: Famous Republican 'to be booted by January' [Boehner]
Gohmert: Pro-Gay ‘Marriage’ Judges ‘Need Some Basic Plumbing Lessons’
Going Green A Luxury Good For Rich At Expense Of Poor
Going Postal: The Post Office wants ammunition after Senator’s proposal
Going The Distance...On and off the road with Barack Obama.
Going To College May Cost You, But So Will Skipping It
Going to Mass should be a life-changing event, pope says at audience
Gold 2.0 NOT Tulip Mania: How Big Is The Cryptocurrency Opportunity?
Gold And Silver Go From Bearish To More Bearish
Gold Bugs Poised to Pounce on Next Big Rally
Gold Fix Study Points to Decade of Bank Manipulation
Gold Medals, Fried Chicken & Antiques
Gold Scams Revisited
Gold extends gains to 5-1/2 month high on safe-haven demand
Gold futures rally to a more than two-month high
Gold sees biggest annual loss in 3 decades
Gold, Stocks See Change Of Fortune In 2014 -- Will It Last?
Golden Gate Bridge hits milestone in 2013 with 46 suicides
Golden Gate Suicide Record: Number of people jumping to their deaths reach all-time high
Golden Globe Awards 2014 Nominations List
Golden Globes 2014: The complete list of nominees and winners
Golden Spike estimates that they could repeat Apollo manned mission to the moon for $6.4 billion
Golden Statues and Mother Bread: The Bizarre Legacy of Turkmenistan's Former Dictator
Goldilocks, Canada, and the Size of Government
Goldman Stocks Strategist Fends Off ‘Barrage’ After Valuation Call
Goldman fraudster Fab Tourre to teach honors class (Univ. of Chicago)
Gold’s Real Problem: Deflation
Golf, Not Drought, Brings Obama to California
Goliath Studios Booted "Cinderella's" Song from Oscars
Gone With the Wind: Weak Returns Cripple German Renewables
Gonzalez: Chiara's de Blasio's video detailing drug, alcohol abuse and depression is heartrending
Good Dog! Rescued German Shepherd Saves Adopter from Carbon Monoxide Poisoning
Good Luck Recruiting the Next Generation of Military
Good News – Insulting Someone is no Longer an Arrestable Offence [UK]
Good News! ...Sort Of: Has the Tea Party gotten its wish on government spending?
Good News: Illinois Hired Convicted Terrorist as Obamacare Navigator
Good Ol’ Boy, Inc.
Good Samaritan Backfire: or How I Ended Up in Solitary After Calling 911 for Help
Good Samaritan carjacked by wrecked driver he was helping
Good Samaritan damages car - who is responsible?
Good Samaritan paralyzed in Myrtle Beach purse snatching settles with Kmart, looks ahead
Good Samaritan rescues mom, newborn from deranged man
Good Samaritan, 26, faces paralysis, pistol whipped and sexually assaulted by man she gave a lift
Good news for 2014 -- a domestic energy revolution is underway in the USA
Good news from Chicago: Only 413 murdered Americans this year
Good news – Russia, China expanding their militaries (Even as we shrink ours)
Good news: Increasing CO2 will DECREASE risk of skin cancer
Good riddance to MSNBC’s Martin Bashir (A liberal condemns Bashir's M.O.)
Good riddance to PC phony beer companies who care more about not offending gays than Catholic rights
Good thing liberals think gender is an artificial construct, then this shouldn't offend them...
Goodbye Shirley Temple “The Littlest Rebel”
Goodbye tea party, hello big tent
Goodbye, sequestration! (For now. Maybe.)
Goodell: NFL may consider scrapping PATs, adding excitement to TDs
Google Autocomplete Embarrasses Us (and Our States) Again
Google DeepMind Deal Hastens Computers That Think Like People
Google Doodle, Putin and Our Public Schools
Google Exec on WhatsApp Deal: $500 Million Per Employee?!
Google Glass attack: tech giant accused of ‘killing’ San Francisco (!)
Google Glass for NYPD? It's 'Being Assessed'
Google Joins The Military-Industrial Complex (Robots and "BigDog" Zombie Drones)
Google Lets Slip That It's Exploring Possible Bitcoin Integration Plans
Google Puts Money on Robots, Using the Man Behind Android
Google Strikes Back in Patent Wars
Google Subsidiary To Negotiate For Giant Eight-Acre NASA California Facility, Hangar One
Google accuses WND of 'hate speech' (over use of terms "black mobs")
Google apologizes after Berlin street is accidentally renamed after Adolf Hitler on its maps service
Google confirms Turkish ISPs 'intercepted' its DNS service
Google execs got discount on jet fuel, says NASA
Google is intentionally obscuring islamberg on google earth.
Google makes good on threat, flips 'kill switch' on some Chrome add-ons
Google makes statement about Russian anti-gay law
Google may localise YouTube for Pakistani users
Google now owns Photo processing software company NIK
Google ordered to remove anti-Islamic film from YouTube
Google promotes Homosexuality with Home Page
Google rools out digital wallet
Google subsidiary to run nearby federal airfield
Google's April Fools' Day pranks: From Gmail Shelfies to Pokemon Maps and more
Google's Barge Glides by Where Others Hit SF Snags
Google's cozy jet fuel deal with feds cost California taxpayers up to $5.3M, report finds
Google's drive into robotics should concern us all
Google: GPAs, test scores 'worthless'
Google: Girls worth $2500. Boys worth $0
Google: Government requests for user information doubled since 2009
Google: More Gov’t Pressure than Ever to ERASE Political Content from Web
Google’s Project Tango: Five things you could do with a phone that maps your room
Google’s robots and creeping militarization
Gop 'Manchurian Candidate' Colluding With Dems To Oust Rep. Tom Mcclintock
Gophers edge UND in Frozen Four semis on last-second goal by Holl
Gorbachev Urges Mutually Acceptable Solution In Ukraine Crisis
Gorbachev: Ukraine failed to act democratically
Gosnell Filmmakers Quit Kickstarter, Claiming Censorship
Gosnell Movie Campaign Earns $300,000 in Just Five Days
Gosnell Movie to Expose “America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer” Reaches $500,000
Gosnell Staffer Who Witnessed Baby Being “Beheaded” Sentenced to 6-12 Years
Gosnell Worker Who Said Baby Screamed During Live-Birth Abortion Jailed for 5-10 Years
Gospodin Snowden (Is Snowden an agent for Russia?)
Gossip is poisonous, insists Pope
Got 51 Minutes For A "Nam Vet ? FORTY YEARS AFTER ...
Got Milk? Only In California: National Industry Group Drops Slogan
Got Obamacare, can't find doctors
Got a charge for $9.84 on your credit card? Beware
Got an email from the FBI...
Got any good April Fools Jokes?
Got my thread pulled AGAIN.
Gottlieb: Giffords off target, forgiving gunman while scapegoating gun rights
Gov't Spending $4.8M to Tell Students to 'Get Fruved'
Gov. Abercrombie (HI) In Trouble For Reelection
Gov. Branstad Executive Order Rejects Federal Common Core
Gov. Brewer's attack on rights associated with property ownership
Gov. Brewer’s veto was about money and politics (Juan Williams Barf alert)
Gov. Brown Pardons Mostly Target Drug Offenders
Gov. Brown To Officially Declare Drought In California
Gov. Chris Christie goes to Puerto Rico as New Jersey digs out of Nor’easter
Gov. Chris Christie’s load of bull: Fired aide Bridget Kelly merely a patsy
Gov. Cuomo Was Twice State Of The Union 'Designated Survivor' (Would've become president)
Gov. Cuomo proposing to reduce speed limit on interstates in New York
Gov. Cuomo to conservatives: Leave NY!
Gov. Cuomo: 'We have too much government' [Huh?]
Gov. Cuomo’s press shop issues huffy press release about his offensive comments
Gov. Dave Heineman calls for tax cuts of up to $500 million over next 3 years
Gov. Dayton unveils $986 million in construction project wishes
Gov. Deval Patrick announces $52 million in state funding to combat effects of climate change
Gov. Deval Patrick moves to offset federal cut in SNAP benefits by investing millions in state money
Gov. Haley got a pistol for Christmas
Gov. Haley: Santa Gave Me Gun for Christmas
Gov. Hickenlooper orders flags to fly at half-staff to honor Claire Davis on Wednesday
Gov. Jerry Brown Speaks To KCAL9&#8242;s Dave Bryan About State ‘Water War’
Gov. Jerry Brown's budget tries to tame wild capital gains
Gov. John Kasich – Ohio’s Own Obama?
Gov. Mary Fallin issues ban on electronic cigarettes, vapor devices due to potential health effects
Gov. Otter signs bill to allow guns on Idaho college campuses
Gov. Palin: Can’t Boot God out of Public Square, Expect His Blessings
Gov. Palin: Sen. McCain Dedicated to National Security
Gov. Pence signs bill allowing guns in cars on school property
Gov. Rick Perry for decriminalization of pot
Gov. Rick Perry on KFI Los Angeles - luring businesses from California to Texas
Gov. Rick Scott 'considers' backing in-state tuition for undocumented students [Florida]
Gov. Sarah Palin goes OTR with Greta 3-7-2014
Gov. Scott Walker looks to finish his college degree
Gov. Scott Walker refuses to take down religious tweet
Gov. Scott Walker: It’s ‘Unfathomable’ That Nat’l Guard Member Posted These Photos Online
Gov. Snyder: Michigan won't recognize same-sex marriages
Gov. Terry McAuliffe's First Veto Is Against Gun Owners
Gov. Walker Urges Parents to Skip Toys and Send the Christmas Money to Him [aide fired over request]
Governed by Rules, Not Men
Government Agency Warns If 9 Substations Are Destroyed, The Power Grid Could Be Down For 18 Months
Government Agency: If 9 Substations Are Destroyed, The Power Grid Could Be Down For 18 Months
Government Conspiracy Theories Aren't Crazy (IRS targeting broke trust in government)
Government Could Shut Down Again on Jan 15
Government Coverups Behind Islamic Invasion of America
Government Health Care: A British doctor is bullied for protecting patients.
Government Overreliance: The Devil is in the Details
Government Retaliates Against Navy Chaplain who Sued over Government Shutdown of Catholic Mass
Government Series II Les Paul
Government Takeover: White House Forces Obamacare Insurers To Cover Unpaid Patients At A Loss
Government Unions Attack Free-Market Nonprofits via Pension Funds
Government Workers Cost 45% More Than Private Sector Workers - Duhhhhh!!
Government agency calls 'Redskins' offensive
Government asks NY judge to release ailing ex-terror trial lawyer from 10-year prison term
Government is leading us into disaster.
Government plans to survive hard times by keeping Americans away from their own money
Government reform group launches public pension database
Government to require vehicle-to-vehicle communication as safety measure [Big Gov't Knows Best]
Government urges striking teachers to 'respect education'
Government's insane hallucinations
Government-Run Social Security Is Bad News for Blacks and other Minorities
Government-led events on Cairo's Tahrir Square (photos)
Government-run UTOPIA is not good for Utahans
Governments Binge on Debt with Easy-Money Policies and Low Interest Rates
Government’s growth industry: watching the American people
Governor Andrew “Bull Connor” Cuomo
Governor Bentley Announces Over $1 Billion in Historic Savings for State Government
Governor Brewer’s Veto of SB 1062 Is a Vote for Slavery
Governor Chris Christie's Bodyguard Charged with Shoplifting in Pennsylvania
Governor Christie's vanishing mystique is good news
Governor Christie, Luddite in Chief, bans Tesla sales in New Jersey
Governor Cuomo announces more than $130,000 in shooting range grants
Governor Cuomo’s Selective Anti-Gun Fervor Why So Many Americans Have No Respect for Laws
Governor Jan Brewer Should Sign the Religious Liberty Legislation
Governor Jan Brewer serves the Dictatorship of Relativism
Governor McCrory Comments On 12-Year-Old Madison Kimrey
Governor McCrory raises North Carolina profile in offshore drilling push
Governor Palin Endorses Chris McDaniel for U.S. Senate in Mississippi
Governor Palin’s Interview With NewsBusters
Governor Palin’s Response to the SOTU
Governor Pliny and Governor Cuomo
Governor Quinn Was Unaware of Pol's Husband's Windfall
Governor Scott Walker's Substantial Tax Cut in Wisconsin
Governor Walker's Wisconsin Earthquake of Conservatism Goes Ignored by Media, GOP
Governor Warns Gun Owners
Governor [McAuliffe] appoints ex-GOP operative [Boyd Marcus] to ABC board
Governor sued for same-sex Mo. tax order
Governor to Reid: ‘None of Your Damn Business’ Who I Appoint to Senate
Governor to propose 'significant' tax cuts
Governor wants state to stop collecting union dues
Governor: Colorado pot market exceeds tax hopes
Governors Malloy, Jindal have war of words after presidential meeting
Governors erupt in partisan dispute at White House
Governors: 'Obamacare' here to stay
Governors: Legalized pot buzz just smoke
Governor’s Campaign Says Huge Donation Was A “Mistake”
Govt loses bid to conceal documents showing AIDS-Depo Provera link
Gov’t Motors: Obama fudges math on auto bailout, $10.5 billion loss for taxpayers
Gov’t moving (to) shut down unsafe bus, truck companies
Gov’t spent $700M promoting ObamaCare, despite Obama claim
Gowdy Slams Rice Benghazi Interview: ‘I Get Tougher Questions in the Bojangles Drive-Thru’
Gowdy response to Moran “Congress is underpaid”
Gowdy: I Get Tougher Questions at a Drive-Thru Than NBC Asked of Susan Rice
Grace of Monaco’ to open Cannes Film Festival
Grade Inequality, Failures, and Presidential Candidates
Graham Leads Challengers, But Could Face Run-Off (that's the plan!!)
Graham Norton 'Furious' Over RTE Homophobia Payout
Graham Spanier’s lawyer accuses former Penn State legal counsel Cynthia Baldwin of ‘flip-flop’
Graham must go
Graham opponent has impressive fundraising haul
Graham, SC GOP primary challengers differ sharply on Supreme Court, NSA and budget deal
Graham: Common Core unifies foes
Grammy & SOTU: Video Killed the Radio Star.Teleprompters Killed…
Grammy Awards say 'we do,' get political with mass wedding, both gay and straight
Grammys to Feature On-Air Weddings of 34 Couples [including gays]
Grammys: Gay marriage takes centre stage
Grammys: Macklemore and Madonna Perform 'Same Love' As 33 Couples Wed Live on Air
Granatelli, Indy 500-winning car owner, dies at 90
Grand Jury Indicts Parents Who Raped 11-Year-Old Daughter, Took Her for Abortion
Grand Rapids Says Nonprofit Acton Institute Not A Charitable Institution
Grand jury refuses to indict officer charged in man's fatal shooting
Grand jury takes no action in Merritt Landry case
Grand jury to probe Christie’s role in Bridgegate
Grandmother Gets Eviction Notice Labeling American Flag A ‘Colored Drape’
Grandmother Wrongly Declared Dead, Frozen Alive in Hospital Freezer Before Struggling to Escape
Grandmother, mother and her boyfriend all arrested for 'rape and abuse after daughter,
Grant Middle School workbook’s gun-rights description has some up in arms
Graphic Images Justify Border Patrol's Use of Deadly Force Against Rock Attacks
Grassley blasts Obama weed memo (Hussein 'can’t change the law')
Grassroots Leader: GOP Establishment Failed to Defend The Tea Party [VIDEO]
Grassroots Volunteers Challenge 180 ‘Missing’ Voters in North Carolina
Grated radish art from Japan brings the cute to your favourite dishes
Gray, Bowser believed to be in close race (DC Mayor)
Grayson attacks Mark Levin’s ‘gullible’ audience, says conservative name-calling could unseat him
Great Caesar’s Ghost
Great Lakes Approaching 100% Ice Cover – For The First Time On Record
Great Lakes ice cover spreading rapidly; see which lake set a new record
Great Leader Debuts New Presidential Seal!
Great Mars Exploration Tools Featuring HIRISE High Resolution Imaging Experiment
Great Moments in Government Thuggery
Great Moments in Prohibition and the Drug War
Great Moments in Tax Enforcement
Great Moments in the Failed and Costly War against Money Laundering
Great News for Michigan on Migration Front!
Great Python Sketch - Oscar Wilde
Great family Soetoro, Obama Close Relatives in Jakarta
Great moments in state exchange success: Maryland fires its contractor
Great news from Harry Reid: All ObamaCare horror stories are untrue
Great-Grandfather Picks Up Wrong Child From School, Boy's Mother Enraged
Greater love: Fallen Wisconsin soldier’s memory marches on
Greater respect for the NRA. My Day As A “Lobbyist”
Greatest Michelle Obama Animated Christmas GIF Ever
Greatest. Breakfast. Ever. (Pancacon)
Greece protests over government plans to sell off historic national buildings
Greed and Grape Nuts
Greek Catholic Priest Kidnapped by Crimean (Russian) authorities
Greek Cyprus accuses Turkey of 'harassment' in energy search
Greek Island of Santorini Volcano Erupted in 16th Century
Greek Jewish Community Takes Germany to Court
Greek Seaside Town Highlights Unemployment Drama
Greek banks' non-performing loans rose to 31 pct in Q3 2013
Greek port workers strike over privatization plans
Greeley Barber Shop Refusing Customers That Smell Like Pot
Green 'smear campaign' against professor who dared to disown 'sexed up' UN climate dossier
Green Fade-Out: Europe to Ditch Climate Protection Goals
Green Revolution leader Norman Borlaug statue unveiled at U.S. Capitol
Green Revolution? German Brown Coal Power Output Hits New High
Green Trolls, Hubris, and Free Speech
Green goal is to kill Christmas for kids
Green group accuses GOP of 'environmental racism'
Green groups pressure Obama to reject LNG export expansion
Green groups: Obama not doing enough on climate
Green oil? Phillips 66 strikes a deal to develop it
Green party leaks confidential TTIP paper (trans-Atlantic free trade treaty)
Green, Bayern Munich Striker, to Play for the U.S.
Greenfield:
Greenfield: A Bangladesh Grows in Brooklyn
Greenfield: A Date That Will Live Forever in Infamy
Greenfield: A Jewish Avalon
Greenfield: A Left-Wing America Stands Alone
Greenfield: A Maddow in MSNBCland
Greenfield: A Socialism Spill on Aisle 9
Greenfield: A Tale of Two Centuries
Greenfield: A World War of Community Organizers
Greenfield: Academics in Wonderland
Greenfield: Allahu Akbar and Ho Ho Ho
Greenfield: Amnesty for All, Jobs for None
Greenfield: Crowdsourcing the End of Free Speech
Greenfield: Disruptive Diversity and Achievement Diversity
Greenfield: Election Day
Greenfield: Fixing the News
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - A Government Skeleton Crew
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Appropriate My Culture, Please
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Climate Deniers Deny the Climate
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Coverage Mandate is Freedom
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Help Educate a Liberal
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Help Us Al Gore, You're Our Only Hope
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Hope and Fail
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - I Tow the Line
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Illinois is the Future of America
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Into the Sunset
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Mirages in the Desert
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - No Country for Liberal Republicans
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - One Leader, Three Branches of Government
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Reunited
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Rogue Nightmares
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Snowed In
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Snowed Under
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - The Voices They Hear
Greenfield: Friday Afternoon Roundup - Weakness is the New Strength
Greenfield: Government Power is an Economic Inequality
Greenfield: Groundhog Day for Islam
Greenfield: Hate is the Force that Gives the Left Meaning
Greenfield: Hollywood's Muslim Lies
Greenfield: Islam Is What Happens When Civilization Loses
Greenfield: Israel and the Terrorist Rug Merchant
Greenfield: Israel in Twilight
Greenfield: It Takes a Rogue Nation to Stop a Rogue State
Greenfield: Letters from the Phantom Anti-Jewish Establishment
Greenfield: Liberal Newspeak
Greenfield: Night Falls on Civilization
Greenfield: Nobody Trusts the Government
Greenfield: One Election Away from Losing Our Freedom
Greenfield: Outrage is the New Identity Politics
Greenfield: President Obie
Greenfield: Progressives Without Progress
Greenfield: Rise of the Mediacracy
Greenfield: Santa's White Privilege
Greenfield: The Ages of Purim
Greenfield: The Black Hitler of Harlem
Greenfield: The Drunken State
Greenfield: The End of International Law
Greenfield: The End of Science
Greenfield: The End of the World Powers
Greenfield: The Genocidal Duck Whisperers of the Post-Human Left
Greenfield: The Ghost Rat Cannibal Ship Will Enrich the UK
Greenfield: The Green Gulag
Greenfield: The Green Socialists of Mars
Greenfield: The Innocence of Liberals
Greenfield: The Left is too Smart to Fail
Greenfield: The Left's War on Horses
Greenfield: The Liberal God Dies Again
Greenfield: The Miseducation of Education Reformers
Greenfield: The Murderer's Honor
Greenfield: The Muslim Suicide Convert
Greenfield: The Poverty of Income Inequality
Greenfield: The Price of Progress - The Poor Will Always Be With Us
Greenfield: The Redistribution of Freedom
Greenfield: The Rise of Fakectivism
Greenfield: The Secular Religion of the Left
Greenfield: The Shape of a Post-American World
Greenfield: The Solution is the Problem
Greenfield: The Universalist Holocaust
Greenfield: Totalitarians of New York
Greenfield: Twilight of the Red and Green
Greenfield: War and Dishonor
Greenfield: We Can Have Gay Rights or Freedom of Speech
Greenfield: Why People Fail
Greenfield: You Can't Save the World
Greenfield:The Inevitable Hillary
Greenies and their twisted sense of risk
Greening Dickens @ MLA
Greening the New Industrial Revolution
Greenland's snow hides 100 billion tons of water
Greenpeace Co-Founder Tells Senate Earth’s Geologic History ‘contradicts’ CO2 Climate Fears
Greenpeace co-founder: No scientific evidence of man-made global warming
Greenpeace co-founder: No scientific proof humans are dominant cause of warming climate
Greenpeace in New Feud With Russia Over a Ship Seized by Senegal
Greenpeace ‘Santa’ Threatens to ‘Cancel Christmas’ Due to Global Warming
Greenpeace ‘Santa’: Christmas canceled unless world halts global warming
Greensboro council considering seeking refund from Civil Rights Museum
Greensboro police fire mostly at animals in 2012
Greenspan Baffled Over Bitcoin 'Bubble': "To Be Worth Something, It Must Be Backed By Something"
Greenspan forecasts oil boom’s impact on US economy
Greenville GOP Censures Lindsey Graham (Again)
Greenwald Takes a Swipe at MSNBC: I Defend Snowden Like You Defend Obama '24 Hours a Day'
Greenwald is Out (drops out and endorses Dave Brat against Eric Cantor!)
Greenwald: How Covert Agents Infiltrate the Internet to Manipulate, Deceive and Destroy Reputations
Greetings from Chuck Norris (The epic Christmas split)
Greetings from Obamaland…Oops, I Mean Greece
Greg Abbott Raised More Than Three Times as Much Money as Wendy Davis in January
Greg Brannon overwhelmingly wins Straw Poll in U. S. Senate primary race
Greg Brannon says he will win Senate primary outright (NC primary is May 6th!)
Greg Laurie on Why Bible Prophecy Makes No Mention of America (premillennial caucus)
Greg Maddux won’t be a unanimous Hall of Famer for an incredibly stupid reason
Greg Walden: No House immigration vote soon
Greggs forced to rename their Cornish pasties by the EU because they contain peas and carrots
Gregory Hicks: Benghazi and the Smearing of Chris Stevens
Grenade tossed in GOP civil war
Grenades, .50 caliber machine guns on U.S. border
Greta Slams Longshot GOP Candidate as 'Jerk' for McConnell Insult (Cornyn Opponent Stovall)
Greta Van Susteren Backs Dem Candidate Into a Corner, Forces Him to Admit Big Lie
Grey Wolf Packs to be introduced to Hawaii [Big Island]
Grieving mother of tot under DCF watch: ‘I want to know how he died’
Grilled Bacon Wrapped Soft Pretzels
Grilled By Scarborough, Schumer Ultimately Agrees With Reid: Koch Brothers' Actions 'Un-American
Grim scenario for Hawaii's Obamacare plan: The numbers don't add up
Grimes says women in Arnold case told her Wednesday to keep $250 from disgraced former lawmaker
Grimes’s ‘War on Women’ Problem-Kentucky Democrat runs from sexual harassment controversy.
Gripen flies with passive targeting sensor
Grocery Store Kicks Girls Off Property For Singing Christmas Carols
Grocery shopping used to look a lot different
Groom killed while helping motorist in snow on way back from wedding
Groomers are dazzling up dogs with bling, bows [w/video]
Grossman passes kidney stone during Dem gubernatorial debate (you can't make this stuff up)
Ground the TSA Tax Hike
Groundbreaking new laser technology could be used to control lightning (Antichrist Alert)
Group Gives Women Plants to Take Home After Their Abortions: “Bring One Life Home”
Group Pushes For Delay in South Carolina's Primary Runoff
Group Rallies Against W.Va. Governor's Veto of 'Abortion Bill'
Group Run by al Qaeda Terrorist Invited to Brief Dems on Drone Policy
Group Says It Can Extend US Senate Race In South Carolina
Group Says Plans Discourage HIV Patients (Drug Coverage on Exchanges Requires Steep Payments)
Group Starts #OpenZilla Campaign to Ensure 'Tolerance' Extends to Christian Employees at Mozilla
Group Tied To Dem Sen. Attacks Triple Amputee Vet: “You Should Have Lost More Than Your Limbs”
Group Unveils Satan Statue Design For Oklahoma
Group Unveils Satan Statue Design for Oklahoma
Group intervening in Fla. gay marriage lawsuits [Black & Hispanic Christians Fight Sodomy]
Group of 7 to 10 people rob, beat man, police say
Group proposes ballot measure requiring pre-marriage education
Group: Myanmar mob kills more than a dozen Muslims
Groupon Celebrates Presidents Day by Honoring Alexander Hamilton (Idiots think he was president!)
Groupon promo pays tribute to 'President Hamilton'.
Grow a Pair (Or Borrow Nancy Pelosi’s)
Growing Chinese Influence Worries N.Korean Officials
Growing Latino and Asian ethnic groups may be headed for conflict
Growing Up With Two Moms: The Untold Children’s View
Growing beard popularity shaves P&G sales
Growing demand for US apartments pushing up rents
Growing gap between the financial markets and the real economy
Growth and Opportunity: A Republican Comeback
Growth chart of right to carry
Growth in U.S. hydrocarbon production from shale resources driven by drilling efficiency
Grumpy Cat Stars in "Hard To Be a Cat at Christmas" Music Video
Guam Introduces Shall Issue Concealed Carry
Guantánamo's 'Architect of 9/11' Has Care Worker Pen Pal in Nottingham
Guardian journalists could face criminal charges over Edward Snowden leaks
Guarding grapes and other tales from papyri
Gubernatorial Candidate Makes Inaccurate Claim About Education Spending
Gubernatorial candidate Cindy Sheehan shares her message with SDSU
Gubernatorial candidate Neel Kashkari calls Jerry Brown lazy
Guccifer Arrested
Guess What Group is Getting Food Stamps at an Alarming Rate
Guess Which Issue Is Missing from (exempt) Sen. Landrieu’s Campaign Site?
Guess Who's Funding the Republican Civil War? Labor unions-doing it through a pro-business PAC
Guess who Ted Cruz blames for the shutdown [Houston paper reports a 16-week shutdown]
Guest Article: Staying Mobile in a Collapse Situation, by M.C.
Guest Post: 2014 Will Bring More Social Collapse
Guest Workers: Far From Home
Guidelines on Blood Pressure Eased
Guillotine, Gulag and Gas Chamber: The Glorious Gifts of Atheism to Humanity
Guilty verdict withheld in Miami Heat dancer death trial [Because the killer is homosexual]
Guilty: Court convicts former PM Olmert of bribery; 1st PM ever convicted
Guinea deaths: Ebola blamed for deadly fever outbreak
Guinea dispatches equipment to contain outbreak of Ebola
Guinea: Mobilisation against an unprecedented Ebola epidemic (Médecins Sans Frontières/MSF)
Guinness Brass Contacted
Guinness Pulls Out of St. Patty’s Parade Over LGBT Ban (New York City)
Guitar great Jim Hall dies at 83
Gulf Coast’s industrial boom strains labor pool
Gulf chill over UK fighter sales
Gumby not Barbie — Wendy Davis bends on late-term abortion
Gun Auction Site GunBroker.com Marks Industry Milestone with $3 Billion in Sales
Gun Battle in Agua Prieta, Sonora at least 8 reported dead
Gun Companies Continue to Abandon North for Pro-Gun South
Gun Control Activist Arrested for Carrying Gun
Gun Control Activists Petition Visa to Ditch the NRA
Gun Control Activists Shift Tactics
Gun Control Ad Released as Tragic Sandy Hook Anniversary Approaches
Gun Control Ad Starring Gabrielle Giffords to Air Before State of the Union
Gun Control Advocate Piers Morgan Admits 'It's Not My Country, It's Not My Constitution'
Gun Control Groups Use Suicides to Inflate Number of 'School Shootings'
Gun Control Groups Want White House 'Public Health' Campaign Against Guns
Gun Control Proponents Push Visa to Cut Ties with the NRA
Gun Control Sent Me Packing
Gun Control Unchained: Weinstein's Love Of Guns
Gun Control: A War Not a Conversation
Gun Control: Finish Work We Started(Feinstein- here she come for your guns....AGAIN!)
Gun Control: More Bad Economic Policy from Liberal Democrats
Gun Control: The Facts, Figures, And Frustrations
Gun Entrepreneur Dick Cabela Is A Hero
Gun Facts: Now Online, Mobile, Anti-Agitprop
Gun Girls of CPAC – Killing the Stereotype
Gun Grabber Keith Farnham’s Office Raided By Feds Searching For Child Porn!
Gun Gripes Episode 84: Dry Firing (video only)
Gun Mags See Boosts in Circulation, Newsstand Sales
Gun Makers Find Greener Pastures Down South
Gun Manufacturer to Release ‘New York Compliant’ AR-15
Gun Owners of America Endorses Greg Brannon for US Senate in North Carolina
Gun Ownership By Women Is Booming
Gun Runner Eric Holder Wants Gun Owners to Wear Government Approved Bracelets
Gun Sales Break Alabama Record
Gun Study Findings Fail to Sway Lawmakers
Gun Talk 3/30/14
Gun Talk Radio 1/12/14
Gun Talk Radio 1/19/14
Gun Talk Radio 1/26/14
Gun Talk Radio 1/5/14
Gun Talk Radio 12/22/13
Gun Talk Radio 2/15/13
Gun Talk Radio 2/23/14
Gun Talk Radio 2/9/14
Gun Talk Radio 3/1/14
Gun Talk Radio, Sunday, December 29th, 2013
Gun Talk Radio, Sunday, December 8th, 2013.
Gun Talk Radio, Sunday, February 16th, 2014
Gun Talk Radio, Sunday, February 2nd, 2014
Gun Talk Radio, Sunday, January 12th, 2014.
Gun Talk Radio, Sunday, March 16th, 2014
Gun Talk Radio, Sunday, March 23rd, 2014
Gun Talk Radio, Sunday, March 9th, 2014
Gun Victories in the Midwest - From Detroit to Chicago, the Second Amendment wins.
Gun advocates blast Bloomberg’s ‘arrogance of power’
Gun background check bill killed in N.H. House
Gun club blinks on NRA membership (CO)
Gun collectors scour buybacks in growing numbers to save history (VIDEO)
Gun control activist swears he forgot he was carrying gun while visiting school
Gun control advocates vow to take fight into 2014 elections, spend millions
Gun control bills introduced in the Minnesota Senate: two hearings Thursday
Gun control efforts must settle for small gains
Gun control: What Obama could learn from Mandela
Gun debate heats up Monday over bill to repeal background-check law (Colorado)
Gun debate: Is price of an armed America a more dangerous America? (+video)
Gun enthusiasts build their own weapons [Ares Armor: background from 2013]
Gun fights go beyond Democrat states
Gun firms’ ‘microstamping’ protests are ‘baloney,’ law’s author says (California)
Gun flight: Smith & Wesson, Ruger quit California over stamping requirement
Gun grabbers eat crow again: Colorado high school murdering coward was “an opinionated socialist”
Gun hidden in sock fires, killing woman at Chicago thrift store
Gun magazine supplier expands in Iowa college town
Gun maker PTR Industries opens its doors in Horry County (From Connecticut to South Carolina)
Gun maker Remington Outdoor Co. to open manufacturing plant, employ about 2,000 in Huntsville
Gun maker Remington Outdoor Co. to open manufacturing plant, employ up to 2,000 in Huntsville
Gun owner scares off intruders
Gun question - Star Super S .380
Gun registration is HERE and it will only lead to gun confiscation
Gun registry’s fate in limbo 24 years after massacre
Gun rights columnist Emily Miller gets a radio show
Gun store owner pays the price for betrayal of pro-gun public
Gun tattoo causes SWAT team response
Gun-Control Dishonesty
Gun-Free America or the Cancer of Authoritarian “Security”
Gun-Rights Backers Gag on Sandwich Analogy From Governor’s Media Adviser ( Colorado )
Gun-control advocates call for universal background checks in state
Gun-rights advocates oppose Madison bus ban
Gun-toting Mexican vigilantes parade victorious through drugs cartel's stronghold ...
Gunman Bursts Into Dollar Store and Threatens to Kill Everyone...
Gunman kills self at Colorado high school; two other students shot
Gunman kills two in church off Russia's eastern coast - reports
Gunmen Open Fire at PA Minister's Office
Gunmen from Kiev attempted to seize Crimea's Interior Ministry overnight
Gunmen kill at least 62 in Nigeria, including in church
Gunmen kill two in attack on Kenyan church: police
Gunmen open fire at &#350;i&#351;li municipal building in Istanbul downtown
Gunning for God: Troy, N.Y. pastor to hold church raffle for AR-15-type rifle
Gunny & Glock - Wrong Girl - Extended Version
Guns Don't Kill People, Democrats Kill People
Guns for Yee, But Not for Thee
Guns may be in high demand for Floridians' holiday gifts
Guns sent 20 children to U.S. hospitals every single day, study finds
Guns to Surpass Car Accidents as Leading Cause Of Deaths Among Young People
Guns, Bullets, Happiness: A 2014 SHOT Show Preview
Gunshot victims to be suspended between life and death
Gutierrez Warns GOP Obama Will Take Action on Deportations
Gutiérrez: Obama Has 'Responsibility' to Halt Deportations
Gutsy Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke Delivers Unforgettable Speech at USCCA Event
Guy Brings His White Girlfriend To Barbershop And Gets Hated On ["What Would You Do" episode]
Guy saves stranger in sinking car; a Family Friend; (from 2012)
Guy, Brooks, Jones among 7 elected to Pro Football Hall of Fame
Guyana:Intruder fatally shot at Annandale
Gwar Singer Dave Brockie, AKA Oderus Urungus, Dead at 50 (found in home)
Gwyneth Paltrow, Chris Martin announce separation after 11 years of marriage
Gyft Adds Retail Giant Walmart to its Bitcoin Gift Card Network
Gym memberships add Obamacare tax [tax must be paid by members who never use tanning facilities]
Gym tells woman to cover up because her ‘toned body’ intimidated others
Gynecologists Can Now Treat Men, Board Rules
H-6K can strike regional targets without leaving Chinese airspace
H-P to make 3D printer announcement in June, promises breakthroughs
H.S. Class of ‘04: 13% Neither Working Nor Studying; 23% Living With Parents
HALEY BARBOUR: Cochran's foes don't know Pascagoula from Pontotoc
HAMAS (dba CAIR) suppresses TV pilot about Saudi Arabia
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TEXAS! (illustrations, short history)
HAPPY NEW YEAR DOG
HARIBO STOPS SCANDINAVIAN SALES OF 'RACIST' SWEETS
HARRY REID FUNDRAISING PITCH: SEND ME MONEY BECAUSE PALIN 'BERATED ME'
HARRY REID'S SON REPRESENTING CHINESE SOLAR PANEL PLANT IN $5 BILLION NEVADA DEAL
HAS THE U.S. CONFERENCE OF CATHOLIC BISHOPS FINALLY HAD ENOUGH?
HATE WEEK on the Climate Certainty Channel™
HAWAII OBAMACARE SPENT MORE PER ENROLLEE THAN A NEW BMW
HB744 Forces Gay Agenda on Hawaii Churches
HBO Go coming to PS3 and PS4 (plus HBO Go w/out a cable subscription!)
HCSO: Houston area father kills boy he found in daughter's bedroom
HELP Tea Party Dispose of Quisling-Republican John Boehner by Signing Petition NOW...
HELP! NEED GLOBAL WARMING! (vanity)
HELP! Need Freeper who saw todays Pajama Boy Sports Reporter on ESPN
HERE IT COMES: Huge Atlantic storm heading STRAIGHT for Britain will hit in just 10 hours
HERO: Eight-year-old boy dies in fire after rescuing 6 people
HEY, JEB… IS THIS WHAT YOU MEANT: 35 ‘Acts of Love’
HE’S BAAAACK: Michael Bloomberg Makes Another Appearance in Colorado
HHS (Dept. of Ed.)Swat Team Raids Home Over Student Loans
HHS Director Quits Job, Writes Letter That Exposes HHS As An Inefficient Mess
HHS Orders 14 Million Doses of Potassium Iodide
HHS Regulation Could Add More Names to List of Prohibited Gun Buyers
HHS Releases Impossibly Bad Ad for ObamaCare: “Very Benefits, Many Coverage, Much Affordable”
HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius Resigning (Confirmation)
HHS Seeking Access to ‘Full Twitter Historical Data’
HHS Started Obamacare Applications for Americans Without Their Knowledge or Permission
HHS [illegally] extends more Obamacare deadlines [without approval from Congress]
HHS grants extra time to enroll for health care
HHS outlines policy changes to lift insurers (Friday night document dump!)
HHS refuses to share security reports on ObamaCare website because Darrell Issa is untrustworthy
HHS report shows Obamacare behind on signing up young Americans (60-90 percent short of breakeven)
HHS report shows Obamacare in deep hole on enrollments after two months
HHS sees the train-wreck coming and now wants insurers to enroll people retroactively
HHS set to blow $1 TRILLION in 2015 as health-care costs grow by leaps and bounds
HHS to Darrell Issa: We don’t trust you
HHS “Started” Individual Obamacare Applications Prior To Deadline,Obtained Personal Info From States
HHS: 5.6M of 6M Who Signed Up on Exchanges Will Get Federal Funding
HHS: 60K Unaccompanied Illegal Alien Children Will Be Caught in ’14; Up 815% in 3 Yrs
HHS: 8,300 Words About the Dangers of Tobacco Smoking, But Not a Single Word About Pot Smoking
HHS: Pressing the Panic Button?
HHS: We Lack 'Statutory Authority' to Extend Deadline to Sign Up for Obamacare
HIGH COURT BOLSTERS DOMESTIC VIOLENCE GUN BAN LAW
HILLARY CLINTON: PARTISANSHIP TAKING US BACKWARDS
HIS NAME IS NOT TRAYVON-The Slaughtered & Forgotten Martin
HISD school bus drivers disciplined for praying after child's death
HISSY FIT: The New AR-15 Design is Compliant with “SAFE Act” and Has Gun Control Activists Pouting
HIT & RUN: Dem Lawmaker Plows Over Hotel Ducks
HIV patients wade warily into health marketplace
HIV returns in “cured” Boston patients
HIV-Positive Student Allegedly Filmed Secret Sex Tapes With More Than 30 Unknowing Partners
HIV-Positive Student Secretly Videotapes Spreading The Disease
HK 121 - General Purpose Machine Gun
HKonJ: Thousands march in downtown Raleigh
HMCC Boosts Bandwidth of Hybrid Memory Cube to 480GB/s.
HOBOKEN HOAX: What Hoboken Mayor Zimmer and the NY Times DON'T Want You to Know
HOLDER'S NEW SCHOOL DISCIPLINE GUIDELINES: STOP TARGETING MINORITIES
HOLLYWOOD NEEDS TO FIGHT DRUGS
HOLLYWOOD’S MORAL COMPASS
HOLOGRAM? Physicists believe our universe could just be a projection of another cosmos
HOLY
HOLY FACE HISTORY AND TIMELINE
HOPE AND CHANGE: Obama uses racial politics to justify marijuana legalization
HORROR! Cop instantly shoots, kills teen who answered door holding video game controller
HOUSE CONSERVATIVES PLOT TAKEDOWN OF GOP LEADERS' AMNESTY PLANS (Fireworks at GOP Amnesty Retreat?)
HOUSE GOP MODERATES: EARMARKS ARE AWESOME, OBAMACARE HERE TO STAY
HOUSE REPORT DEMONSTRATES WISDOM OF LOIS LERNER’S FIFTH AMENDMEN PLEA
HOUSTON CALLING: #CONSERVATIVEBACKLASH EVENT (tomorrow AM)
HOW DEMOCRACIES PERISH- JE4AN FRANCOIS REVEL
HOW FREEDOM DIES
HOW THE GOP LOST MIDDLE AMERICA
HOW TO WRAP A CAT FOR CHRISTMAS
HOW WE GOT THE BIBLE VIDEO
HP brings back Windows 7 by popular demand
HPD: More than 100 immigrants found in suspected stash house
HPV-Linked Throat Cancer May Have Telltale Signs
HSBC Bank Blocking Large Withdrawals Without ‘Evidence’ Of Spending Need (UK)
HSBC imposes restrictions on large cash withdrawals (Bank Run Fears in UK)
HSLDA Alert for Iowa
HTML Sandbox 2014
HUFFINGTON POST: OBAMACARE VICTIMS ARE REAL
HULU PLUS OR NETFLIX?
HUME: OBAMA FOREIGN POLICY UNDERGOING 'ACROSS-THE-BOARD SYSTEMS FAILURE,' 'IN DANGER OF COLLAPSE'
HURT: $75K a day over a pond: Your corrupt EPA thugs at work
HYPOCRISY ALLEGATIONS: 'PROBLEMAS' FOR DAN PATRICK (Texas Lt Gov Race)
Habanero Peppers To Blame For Evacuation Of Jeffco Open School
Habitability around F-type Stars
Hacked CNN Reports "China Dumps All US Bonds"
Hacker Network Anonymous Issues Call To Arms (Revolution Calling)
Hacker: No Security Was Ever Built Into Obamacare Site
Hackers claim bankrupt Mt. Gox still has customers' bitcoins
Hackers: HealthCare.gov still riddled with potential security issues
Hacking expert David Kennedy says he cracked HealthCare.gov in 4 minutes
Hacking trial: Police 'told to leave Queen's nuts'
Hacking x-ray machines could get guns through airport security
Had The Grammys Gone God
Hagan to get rival in Democratic primary in NC
Hagel Deployed to Press Egypt on Being 'Inclusive' Toward Muslim Brotherhood
Hagel Mulls Banning Smoking in Military
Hagel Warns Russia Not to Intervene in Ukraine
Hagel makes rare visit to nuke missile base
Hagel orders urgent push for ethics crackdown
Hagel to Host Asia Meeting; Travel to China, Japan
Hagel's Defense Cuts Raise Questions for Both Parties
Hagel, Ryan defend retiree COLA caps, except for disabled
Hagel: Same-sex benefits for troops’ spouses ready to go in all states
Hagel: Too soon to draw conclusions from shooting(!)
Hagel: US strongly committed to protecting Japan
Hagel: We Still Support ‘Moderate’ Syrian Rebels
Hagel: Year One
Hagerstown ice cream plant revival attracts hundreds of desperate job seekers(Maryland)
Hagerty Driving Experience: Teaching young drivers three-pedal fun
Hah!… Sebelius Ducks Questions About PolitiFact’s “Lie of the Year” (Video)
Hair of the dog: Miracle vodka cure saves puppy from certain death [w/pix, video]
Haircut Deficit: Kids Living in Basements a Drag on U.S. Services Spending
Hal Douglas dead at 89: Voiceover artist dies of pancreatic cancer
Hal Lindsey Report - 3/7/14
Haley Barbour Joins Democratic Rising Star To Boost Amnesty (wants Cochran re-elected)
Haley Barbour: Jeb Bush stance like Reagan’s
Half Of Uninsured Not Planning On Getting Coverage, Poll Finds
Half a Dozen Scandals for New York Democrats
Half a million people in the air at any one time ( Where is the warming?)
Half of American fans say 'supernatural' forces are in play during sports events
Half of General Dynamics Lynn Haven Work Force Looking For Jobs, Again. (730 people)
Half of Ohioans now support same-sex marriage, poll finds
Half of Ryan-Murray Budget Cuts Don't Happen Until 2022
Half of U.S. Counties Haven’t Recovered From Recession
Half of Uninsured Say Health Law Is Bad Idea
Half of federal employees considering leaving for the private sector, survey finds
Half of power plant capacity additions in 2013 came from natural gas
Half the U.S. is already covered with snow (because it's warmer!)
Half-Prepping Equals NO Prepping: Lessons From The Icepocalypse
Half-blind guard caught sleeping at WTC site
Halifax woman felt 'disgusting' after martial arts class separated by gender
Hall and Oates to be inducted into RRHOF
Hall of Fame slugger Ralph Kiner dies at 91
Hall of Fame: Up to BBWAA to propose vote changes
Hallandale to dump red-light cameras
Hallelujah! Irish priest’s incredible surprise during couple’s wedding leaves bride in tears
Ham-on-Nye debate pits atheists, creationists
Hamas Criticizes UNRWA Curricula in Gaza for Teaching Human Rights, Not Armed Resistance
Hamas Lawmaker: Koran Says We Must Massacre Jews
Hamas Leader: Third Intifada ‘a Matter of Time’
Hamas Minister: First Israel, then the World
Hamas Upset with Textbooks that Recognize ‘Zionists’
Hamas and Islamic Jihad Welcome Bat Yam Bombing
Hamas rejects international peacekeepers
Hamas: We Will Treat NATO Forces as 'Occupiers'
Hamdan bin Mohammed Goes Diving With an 'Old' Friend
Hammer and Sickle at Olympics Opening Ceremony
Handel on Perdue: 'Bless His Heart' (GA Senate)
Handel's Messiah
Handgun used as laser pointer by state official reportedly rattles foreign delegates
Handicapping the 2016 vice presidential field.
Handing Over The Internet?,There Goes Our Working Health-Care Websight!
Handling of Former IRS employee Lois Lerner makes lawyers cringe
Handover of Terrorist Bodies Begins
Hands vs. Machine: The Survival of the Guitar in an Electronic World
Hanging By a Moment – In a Helicopter
Hank Aaron Compares Obama Opponents to KKK: They Wear 'Neckties & Starched Shirts' Instead of Hoods
Hank Aaron Compares Republicans That Oppose Obama To KKK
Hank Aaron Would Have Faced Worse Racism Today
Hank Aaron compares Republicans and other Obama opponents to KKK
Hank Aaron likens Republicans to KKK
Hannibal Crosses The Carpathians
Hannity , Rand Paul and Ted Cruz – after the SOTU
Hannity Guest Leo Terrell: Yes, Woman, There Is Apartheid In America, So Stop Hating On Blacks
Hannity Leaving NY After All? House on Market for $3.6 Million
Hannity show has Robert Gates on (10PM EST right now)
Hannity to attend State of the Union with Rep. Gohmert, may run for office in Texas
Hannity: Escapes from New York
Hannity: I Talked With My Wife – “We Are Going to Leave” New York State (Video)
Hanoi Jane's Charities Not So Charitable
Hanoi Jane, Michelle's role model
Happening now and I never even realised (power companies plans for gauging consumers)
Happy 377th Birthday, Army National Guard
Happy 40th Birthday, Dungeons & Dragons
Happy 90th birthday, 'Happy Birthday' - Alice Vincent delves into its surprisingly murky history
Happy Bacon & Satanic Political Manifesto Conflagration Day to Me!
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday Benny Hill
Happy Birthday Colin
Happy Birthday Grumpy Cat! Friskies To Throw Big Party For Internet Sensation In NYC
Happy Birthday John Moses Browning
Happy Birthday MO! There's NO way to thank you for all you’ve done!
Happy Birthday Norman Borlaug - Credited with saving 1 billion people
Happy Birthday Ronald Reagan
Happy Birthday To New Canaan’s Ann Coulter
Happy Birthday William Frawley
Happy Birthday, Chairman Mao?
Happy Birthday, General Lee
Happy Clinton Impeachment Day! 15th Anniversary; FReepers Led the Way
Happy Crony New Year
Happy Kwanzaa From the GOP
Happy Libertarian Valentine’s Day
Happy Lunar New Year - Taiwan Flash Mob
Happy National Pistol Patent Day
Happy New Year from HMSA: Premium now $1742.50 per Family [Obamacare rate increases]
Happy New Year! Feds list 141 new regulations in only three days
Happy New Year, America! I hope, but optimism is difficult to summon.
Happy New Year, everyone!! And our 1st quarter 2014 FReepathon is now underway!!
Happy New Year: Michigan Looks Back and Looks Forward
Happy Pi Day: 5 Ways NASA Uses Pi
Happy Purim!
Happy Solstice!!!
Happy St. Catrick's Day! E-Card
Happy Sunshine Week: The Sun Don’t Shine Here so Move Along, Nothing to See.
Happy Valentine's Day! 10 fun facts you didn't know
Happy Valentine's Day, Comrade!
Happy Valentine's! Jim's FReepin Obama in Fresno! Updates Here Afterward (FReepathon Thread XXVII)
Happy birthday Michelle from all of US! Taxpayers foot the bill for First Lady's extended..
Happy days are here again, and we can thank Obama (I think he's actually serious!)
Happy, happy, happy (Saturbray)
Harappan-era seal found in Rajasthan
Hard Sell For Obamacare In Florida, Despite Big Market
Hard Times and Headaches
Hard rockers demand $666,000 after Guantanamo claims [their music used to "torture" terrorists]
Hard times are fighting times: Why and how we must win the South (Dems/Communists plan for 2014)
Hard to Take the German Absolution of Tesla Fires Seriously
Hard to give governor’s 2010 anti-crime program the benefit of the doubt
Hard truths about abortion
Hareidim Protest Yeshiva Funding Freeze: ‘We’re Ready for War’ (Israel)
Harlan Ripped Erin Andrews For Her Composure During The Richard Sherman Interview (all her fault)
Harlem pastor posts sign reading 'Obama Has Released The Homo Demons On The Black Man'
Harlem...church sign: 'Obama has released the homo demons on the black man'
Harming the Competition: Why some companies want a higher minimum wage
Harmless fun? Horoscopes may be bad for you, study suggests
Harold Ramis, Chicago actor, writer and director, dead at 69
Harold Simmons Dies at 82; Backed Swift Boat Ads
Harold predicts 'upset' [Illinois Republican primary 3/18/14]
Harper feels no need to temper sugar with vinegar
Harper orders new draft of Arctic seabed claim to include North Pole
Harper ready to urge G7 colleagues to go tougher on Vladimir Putin
Harper right on Israel & Palestine
Harper tells Israel: ‘Through fire and water, Canada will stand with you’
Harper trash talks Obama after Canada's Olympic hockey win
Harper’s Knesset speech was passionate, sincere, and — for the most part — right
Harrah's Casino in Tunica closing costs 1,300 jobs (Mississippi)
Harris-Perry Show Displays 'Pope' Variation on Obama 'Hope' Poster
Harrowing Testimony: Arab Mob Abducts, Beats Israeli Civilians
Harry Dent Video
Harry Reid Allows Staff to Exempt Themselves from Obamacare
Harry Reid Attacks Koch Brothers for Offenses Committed by Reid Donors
Harry Reid Calls For An End To Legal Prostitution In Nevada
Harry Reid Denies All Obamacare 'Horror Stories'; 'All Are Untrue'
Harry Reid Is Hospitalized
Harry Reid Looks to Change Senate Rules to Ram Through Obama Nominees
Harry Reid Net Worth
Harry Reid Now Spreading Baseless Claim that Koch Brothers Don't Pay Corporate Taxes
Harry Reid Poses in Penthouse as Jobs Languish in Senate
Harry Reid Says Unemployment is a Good Thing – It’s “Free Agency” (Liberal Logic)
Harry Reid Takes Subsidy: ‘My Employer Helps Me Pay for My Health Care’
Harry Reid Took Money from Koch Lobbyist
Harry Reid Video: Mentally ill man can’t stop talking about the monsters under his bed
Harry Reid [and 5 other Dem Senators] exempts some of his Senate staff from Obamacare exchanges
Harry Reid blasts Tea Party 'craziness' in GOP ("Things have gotten way out of whack")
Harry Reid boasts John Boehner is 'going to cave in' on immigration amnesty bill
Harry Reid dismisses cancer patient Tom Coburn's Obamacare concern
Harry Reid dismisses cancer patient Tom Coburn´s Obamacare concern
Harry Reid exempts some of his Senate staff from Obamacare exchanges (From the crap sack!)
Harry Reid mulls dropping IMF from bill (Reid caves to Cruz)
Harry Reid on the hot seat: Ethics probe demanded by watchdog group
Harry Reid personally pressured DHS on behalf of son’s casino project
Harry Reid plots to block potential 2016 foe (sickening to watch these people in action)
Harry Reid reigns as lord of the Senate
Harry Reid set to lead Democrats,in majority or not
Harry Reid stops minimum-wage hike bill after Dems balk
Harry Reid tempers Koch criticism
Harry Reid to Redskins’ owner: He’s throwing a few blankets to the Indians
Harry Reid – The Democrats’ Democrat
Harry Reid's 'Koch Brothers' Addiction—in Two Charts
Harry Reid's Dubious Ethics: Even More Generous Than We Knew
Harry Reid's Dubious Ethics: Generous Grandpa Edition
Harry Reid's Obstructionism [MSM has noticed]
Harry Reid, Chinese company behind Nevada ranch standoff?
Harry Reid, Chuck Schumer and the Community Organizer are very happy!
Harry Reid, Koch Fiend
Harry Reid, Mike Lee Caught Up in Corruption Probe
Harry Reid: Daycare ‘Isn’t a Luxury; It’s a Necessity’
Harry Reid: Fort Hood Shooting Should Revive Gun Control Push
Harry Reid: GOP 'May Have Helped' Russia Annex Crimea
Harry Reid: Obamacare 'Costs Me About $4,500 More'
Harry Reid: Paul Ryan budget creates 'Koch-topia'
Harry Reid: People Aren’t Educated on How to Use the Internet
Harry Reid: Redskins should change name
Harry Reid: Why, I never said Republican stories about ObamaCare were lies
Harry Reid: ‘No Greater Challenge…Than Income Inequality’
Harry Reid’s Totally ‘Radical’ Floor Speech Targets Kochs
Harry Reid’s long December to-do list (Reid's ever-successful Holiday Game)
Harry Reid’s new pal: Rand Paul (Paul doesn't see it that way)
Harsh immigration realities set in for many 'dreamers'
Harsh weather tests optimism over U.S. economy
Hartford Courant demands blood in the streets if that's what it takes for firearms confiscation.
Harvard Columnist Warns University Free Speech Threatens Liberalism .... (SHAZAM!)
Harvard Couple Who Paid Housekeeper $4 a Week ...Spared Jail
Harvard Prof: Tea Party Not Going Anywhere, More Likely to Win
Harvard Student Charged In Bomb Hoax
Harvard University evacuates buildings over reports of explosives
Harvard discovers three of its library books are bound in human flesh
Harvard poll: Millennial meltdown for Obama
Harvard professor blasts ‘sick and barbaric’ knockout game, indifference of academia
Harvard writer: Free speech threatens liberalism and must be destroyed
Harvesting Conciliar “fruits”: half of adults polled think Harry Potter ... could be Biblical
Harvey Weinstein Has Change of Heart On Violent Content In Films
Harvey Weinstein Opens Up About ‘Mandela’ Plans in Wake of Leader’s Loss (Exclusive)
Harvey Weinstein at UCLA: Hillary Clinton Benghazi Flap 'Complete Bull---'
Harvey Weinstein has change of heart
Harvey Whittemore Convicted Of Making Illegal Campaign Contributions To Harry Reid
Has A&E Awakened a Sleeping Giant?
Has A&E awakened a sleeping giant?
Has A&E heard of the Dixie Chicks?
Has America Lost Its Grit?
Has Anyone Noticed New England's Escalating Energy Crisis?
Has Anyone Noticed?,What?,No Annoying Snuggies Commercials This Winter?
Has Blackwater been deployed to Ukraine?
Has Courtney Love solved the missing Malaysian plane mystery?
Has FR been Pigeon Holed by Google Chrome?
Has Game of Thrones gone too far? Scene involving group of prostitutes at start of new series..
Has Mitch McConnell Jumped the Shark?
Has Nasa found a new Earth? Astronomer discovers first same-sized planet in a 'Goldilocks zone' ...
Has Palin jumped the shark? Some think Palin's redefining political branding (Not negative!)
Has The Media Become Irrelevant?
Has This Company Found a Workaround for Mt. Gox Withdrawals?
Has Thomas Roberts Never Heard of Roe v. Wade?
Has anyone played with Tracking Point's Precision Guided Firearms?
Has foreign policy saved Lindsay Graham?
Has the Brady Law Worked?
Has the Church in the U.S. Succumbed to the Charms of Islam
Has the Megachurch Lost Its Luster?
Has the USA Become a Banana Republic?
Has there been a military cover-up over missing jet? [Short title]
Has your town made you RACIST? Living in ethnically diverse areas makes people more tolerant
Hate Hoax at Lunenburg High
Hate and How to Overcome It: How Should We Respond to the Tragic Death of Fred Phelps?
Hate-Filled Protest in France Attracts Thousands; Crowd Chants ‘Jew, France Is Not for You!’
Hate-crime - teen house spray painted with racially-charged graffiti - by his own MOTHER?
Hate-crime allegations: four white students at San Jose State charged
Hated textbook gets Reagan’s dark side half right
Haters gonna hate. But they plan to vote Republican.
Hath Not a Jew Eyes? Mark Steyn
Hatred of the Jews: More Than the Banality of Memory
Haunting in Indiana leads to family’s exorcism, child’s levitation: Reports
Have A Happy FReeping New Year/The Real History Of Free Republic
Have A Very FReeper Christmas
Have American Parents Got It All Backwards? [Why yes, yes they do.]
Have Christians Lost the Culture War?
Have Sweden’s permissive parents given birth to a generation of monsters?
Have We Found the Lost Colony of Roanoke Island?
Have You Made Your Valentine's Day Reservations at McDonald's, Yet?
Have You Seen This Tweet? Obama Makes Mandela's Death All About Obama
Have You Seen the Tacky Hip-Hop Uniforms Team USA has been Saddled with at Sochi 2014?
Have a Glorious Birthday, Ms. Steinem
Have a Landlord Question. Holding Back Securty Deposit Because of Damages...
Have you ever had a Gun or Knife Stolen by the "Authorities"?
Have you seen the year's best film? (Did not see 12 Years A Slave = Racist)
Have your conservative views cost you friends? This irony is probably lost on those fools...
Haven't We Struggled and Suffered Enough?
Having A Pet Can Improve Your Health
Having Better Technology Does Not Make Us Smarter
Having Their Cake...
Having a Venerable Name Can Be a Key to Upward Mobility
Having a beard will make you more employable and here’s the proof
Having banished fears of Iranian nukes, President Obama turns to Crime [SNARK attempt]
Hawaii Flashback: OBAMA’S FRIEND AND GOLFING BUD, ROBERT TITCOMB, ARRESTED FOR SOLICITING PROSTITUTE
Hawaii Governor 2014 – Who Would You Pick ? A Poll
Hawaii Health Official Killed in Plane Crash
Hawaii Signs Up 574 for Obamacare, at $348,000 Apiece
Hawaii Tourists Revel in Sun, Surf and Semiautomatics
Hawaii Woman With 36-Character Last Name Wins Battle to Get it on Her License
Hawaii law allows undercover police officers to have sex with prostitutes
Hawaii law lets police have sex with prostitutes
Hawaii lawmaker renews fight to end or revise controversial sex ed program
Hawaii plane crash fuels Obama 'birther' theories
Hawaii plays underdog in quest for Obama library
Hawaii ponders: Time to start taxing insurers for not participating in our ObamaCare exchange
Hawaii tries to ban eating cats and dogs
Hawaiian Community is Ready for the Obamas (Have barf bag ready)
Hawaiian health director died of irregular heartbeat after plane crash
Hawiian Gardens, CA SWAT teams, helicopter and LOT of police units
Hawk Attacking Water Balloon at 4000FPS Makes for Some Incredible Footage
Hawkeyes boast high graduation rate among bowl-bound teams
Hawkish GOP donors to Time mag: We’ll stop Rand Paul in the primaries
Hayward: Suspect killed during home invasion robbery
Hazmat Highway to Hell with Oxygen Cylinders
He Could Be a Contender: Ted Cruz Has Book Deal
He Hit Me (And It Felt Like a Kiss) - Jody Miller -(song 2:26 min)
He Lost a Bet, but He Won a Date!
He Said, She Said: Dating Habits of Silicon Valley Millionaires
He Shall BE Like A Tree...pt 2
He Sucked Less Then Romney
He Thought He Could Scare Good Samaritan Away by Lifting His Shirt to Reveal His Gun
He Who Controls the Energy Controls the People
He bravely ran away? State GOP keeps slamming Charlie Crist #FLGov
He brokered Lockerbie trial agreement
He came home from a long day at work
He gasped, snorted and took FIFTEEN minutes to die:
He plans to run for Congress -- in 4 states
He said what?? (Chuck Schumer)
He was unfairly rejected
He'll Take Your Truck with His Pen and His Phone
Head Of China's Railway Company Commits Suicide: First Graft Probe Casualty?
Head Start: Preschool Proponents Should Admit to Shortcomings
Head of GOP Anti-Tea Party Group: Ted Cruz Should Leave Party
Head of Seattle Catholic school resigns after dismissal of gay vice-principal
Head of Southern Command says he lacks resources to fight drug trafficking
Head of USCCB Grovels Before Obama
Head teachers...bullied, smeared and driven from their jobs for resisting Islamic extremists
Headband could help brain communicate with computers
Heading Right in Nevada
Heading South... Mark Steyn
Heading Toward the EU Exit? Promising news from both Britain and the Netherlands.
Heading to Anchorage Alaska. Any Freeper hangouts?
Headlight flashing OK, Missouri judge says
Headmaster accused of owning goblins, ordered to leave school
Headteacher imposes £60 fines on EACH parent if their child is a few minutes late for school
Healing the ‘Invisible Wound’
Health Benefits For Gay Couples In NC Cut By Blue Cross
Health Care Exchange Is Vastly Improved, Users Say
Health Care Plans Attracting More Older, Less Healthy People
Health Care Sharing Ministries: A Little Known Exception to Obamacare
Health Care Website Stumbles On Last Day
Health Care Workers Having Trouble Finding Union That Plays Fair
Health Coverage Enrollment Report - Washington State - October and November 2013
Health Department Launches New Look For NYC-Branded Condom, Larger ‘KYNG’ Size
Health Dept: Motel bedbug problem not new ( Virginia )
Health Exchange Works to Get People Coverage After Dec. 23rd Deadline [WA]
Health Insurance Costs Nearly Double For Boise Man
Health Insurance Enforcement Delayed Again for Some Employers
Health Insurers Told to Ease Coverage Rules
Health Plan Premiums Are Skyrocketing According To New Survey Of 148 Insurance Brokers,
Health Plans Urged to Extend Enrollment (and offer retroactive coverage)
Health Premiums Skyrocketing Under Obamacare
Health Premiums Up $3,065; Obama Vowed $2,500 Cut ["by the end of my first term"]
Health Reform or Musical Chairs?
Health Secretary Resigns
Health Secretary Resigns After Woes of HealthCare.gov
Health and Human Services Department Fiscal Year 2015 Budget
Health care act no more a 'job killer' than Social Security or Medicare
Health care glitch affects 18K W.Va. residents
Health care navigators sign up just 10 in Allegheny County
Health care push for those in Calif. illegally
Health care signups: More older Americans so far
Health chief Sebelius visits Jersey City to push for healthcare enrollment
Health department workers admit to stealing patient info (FL)
Health director who approved Obama birth certificate dies in plane crash
Health groups call on fast-food to drop soda from kids' menu
Health industry group: Yes, we've suffered massive Obamacare job losses
Health insurance isn't a year-round thing anymore
Health insurance marketplaces signing up few uninsured Americans, surveys say
Health law to put calorie info on vending machines
Health law tricky for parents of kids on Medicaid
Health officials respond to beach radiation scare (Half Moon Bay, CA)
Health officials urge vaccinations for swine flu
Health officials warn against 'cannibal sandwich'
Health plan sticker shock ahead for some buyers [MSM can't hide truth any longer]
Health-Care A Success.Great!So Will Democrats Pay Us Back The Billions Spent On It?
Health-Care Law Expected to Take Greater Toll on Workforce
HealthCare.gov Can't Count
HealthCare.gov can’t handle appeals of enrollment errors
HealthCare.gov contract: Politics not a factor, but neither were firm’s ties to failed projects
HealthCare.gov defects leave many Americans eligible for Medicaid, CHIP without coverage
HealthCare.gov to be out of service
Healthcare Expert: Obama "Ignoring Laws" Could Lead To Overthrow Of Government
Healthcare cuts canceled after Dem complaints [amid election-year opposition....]
Healthcare.gov Contractor (and Close Russian Ally) Belarus Built Malware RIGHT INTO Obamacare Code
Healthcare.gov Music Video
Healthcare.gov Works Great! (For a Government Website)
Healthcare.gov can't calculate subsidies, so will pay insurance companies whatever they ask for
Healthcare.gov crashes on day of deadline for enrollment under Affordable Care Act
Healthplanfinder enrollment tops 175,000 – mostly in Medicaid (WA State)
Healthy Baby Girl Delivered in Ottawa Parking Lot
Healthy Thyme health food store assault story in doubt (Paris, Tennesee)
Hear Bill Ayers say again, 'I wrote Obama bio' (Corsi prompts "non-ironic" declaration)
Heard these liberal responses to Benghazi?
Hearing in Florida movie theater shooting to focus on video
Hearing likely in SC 1944 teen execution.
Hearing-impaired Californians signing up for health insurance sent to 'hot ladies' hotline
Hearing: Al-Qaeda’s Resurgence in Iraq: A Threat to U.S. Interests [?] (Commentary)
Heart Transplant Breakthrough
Heart injected with liquid metal
Heartbleed Bug: Chartier Explains How Codenomicon Found The Massive Internet Security Breach
Heartbleed bug creates confusion on internet
Heartbleed: How the Net Bug That Caught Tech Experts by Surprise Affects You
Hearts - the next stage of the 3D printing revolution: This medical miracle is shockingly close
Heartwarming video (animal rescue)
Heat-packing, retired nurse stopped Detroit mob from beating man to death
Heating pellets prove to be in short supply in NH
Heating up: Climate change advocates try to silence Krauthammer
Heaviest snowstorm since 1953 hits Israel
Heavy ice delays Australian Antarctic icebreaker Aurora Australis (November 2013)
Heavy snow as winter storm hits US east coast (mayor blames weather forecasters AGAIN)
Hebrews 13:22 - A Word of Exhortation
Hedge fund honcho: Ex-Quiznos owners misled me
Hedge fund titan, giant of philanthropy leaps to his death after stroke (Robert W. Wilson)
Hedge funds lose out to stellar stock markets
Heed Europe's Plea For U.S. Natural Gas Exports
Heinz trims retiree health care contribution (Warren Buffet)
Heirs Seek Return of ‘Cursed’ $200M Golden Treasure Bought for Hitler
Helen Reddy's "I Am Woman" was the feminist's anthem. "But I'm still an embryo "
Helicopter Crashes Off North Norfolk Coast (RAF Lakenheath, England)
Helicopter Rescue for Stranded Antarctic Ship on Hold for Better Weather
Helicopter rescue mission to Akademik Shokalaskiy given green light to proceed
Helicopter rescue plan for passengers stuck onboard the Akademik Shokalskiy
Hell Hath No Fury Like A Di-Fi Scorned
Hell on Trial
Hello fruits and vegetables! “Junk food” banned from schools July 1
Hello guys, this is my hometown! I hope that you like it.
Helmut Schmidt: 'The state of Europe is problematic'
Help For Ukraine Would Be Equal To Helping Syrian "Rebels" When Obama Waited Too Long
Help Me Find Good Catholic Stuff from a Climate-Skeptic Perspective (Vanity)
Help Needed In Buying A Table Saw.
Help Sarah Palin and Jon Stewart Help Veterans
Help Wanted: Principled, Conservative Leaders
Help Wiping Out XP Partition
Help finding article.
Help identifying Obamacare testimony before Congress (vanity)
Help me one more time: Obama prods young on ObamaCare
Help the Poor by Focusing on Growth rather than Inequality
Help with Dog biting ....
Help! I can't use my Obamacare benefits
Help! Once again, please . . .
Helping the AP remember its story on Venezuela’s fake healthcare system
Helping the Little Guy: Relieve Occupational Licensing Requirements and Fees
Hennessey now selling a 707 hp street-legal Corvette
Her powerful message, viewed 7.8 million times (VIDEO)
Herbalife under FBI investigation; shares tumble
Hercules High transgender student reports sexual assault in bathroom
Hercules Slams California Tax Proposal -- Kevin Sorbo: "Fine you for moving to another state!!"
Hercules Transgender Student Must Complete Conflict Program
Hercules Transgender Teen Charged With Battery After Fighting Back Against Bullies
Herd behavior, political correctness and our Republic
Herdsmen Kill 100 In Attacks On Nigerian Villages [Translation: Muslims Murder Christians]
Here Are 20 Unbelievable Places You Would Swear Aren’t Real… But They Are.
Here Are 4 African American Barbie Dolls that Broke Barriers
Here Are 6 Moments From Mandela's Marxist Past That You Won't Hear On CNN [link only]
Here Are The Basic Science Questions That 1 In 4 Americans Got Wrong
Here Are The Countries That Spend The Most On Food
Here Are The States That Are Most Likely To Survive A Zombie Apocalypse
Here Come The Official Russian Counter Sanctions: Boehner, Reid, McCain Barred From Entering Russia
Here Comes $75 Oil
Here Is Mitt Romney Doing a Little Jig
Here Is The YouTube "Start A False Flag War With Syria" Leaked Recording That Erdogan Wanted Banned
Here It Is! In HD! MITT:Official Trailer In All Its Wondrous Magic Underwear Glory!
Here are 271 reasons why politicians & unions that support Obamacare want exemptions for themselves
Here are 545 well sourced examples of Barack Obama's lying, lawbreaking, corruption, cronyism, etc.
Here are 625 well sourced examples of Obama's lying, lawbreaking, corruption, cronyism, etc.
Here are some of my favorite Christmas songs
Here are some weird things you didn't know could be 3D
Here are the big losers in ObamaCare
Here comes polar vortex TWO
Here comes polar vortex TWO: Just when you thought it was safe to go outside...
Here comes the ObamaCare tax avalanche
Here is Pentagon’s Future Tilt-Rotor Drone
Here we go? 50-55 rockets fired by Islamic Jihad, IDF preparing ground response
Here's How Much Money You Must Earn To Buy A Home In 25 Big US Cities
Here's How Much You Have To Make To Buy A House In 25 Major Cities
Here's How NASA Thinks Society Will Collapse
Here's How We Can Really Achieve Zero Pedestrian Deaths in San Francisco
Here's The College Essay That Got A High School Senior Into Every Ivy League School
Here's The One Sentence That Has Every Comcast And Time Warner Cable Employee Terrified
Here's The Republican Path To Taking Back The Senate - K.Rove Barf alert
Here's What Happened When Neanderthals And Ancient Humans Hooked Up 80,000 Years Ago
Here's What I Would Have Said at Brandeis [Opinion by AYAAN HIRSI ALI]
Here's What Will Happen To 'Hunger Games' And Philip Seymour Hoffman's Other Unfinished Films
Here's Why I Don't Sweat The Haters (He "outs" Shepard Smith w/out ever technically saying his name)
Here's Why the Eagle Ford Shale Continues to Get Bigger
Here's a nice little photo-op with John Boehner after the "clean" vote to raise the debt limit
Here's a nifty pie chart to illustrate how well Obama's tribute to Mandela went...for Obama
Here's a pen that will bug the heck out of anyone who owns it...
Here's a tip: Don't reward your Seaside waitress with meth
Here's how to Deter Putin...DO IT NOW!
Here's the modern day version of the "tree falling in the woods" philosophical question
Here's what happens when you 'vape' hashish for TV
Here’s A Bunch Of Gun Control Nuts In Oregon Admitting That Gun Control Doesn’t Work
Here’s The List Of JCPenney Stores To Be Closed
Here’s The Trailer For ‘Zombeavers’, Destined To Be The Greatest Movie Of 2014 (Next Sharknado)
Here’s What Happened to Crime in Chicago After Illinois Finally Passed Concealed Carry Law
Here’s What Lindsey Graham Offered to John Kerry When He Thought the Microphone Was Off
Here’s a List of 58 Gender Options for Facebook Users
Here’s a List of Stupid Things the Government Spends Money On
Here’s another impossibly stupid Common Core math worksheet
Here’s how Idaho’s governor ended up in a soft-core porn film (apparently by accident)
Here’s how the shale gas boom is saving Americans money
Here’s how you benefit from the Koch brothers [with video]
Here’s the Anti-Gun Tweet Piers Morgan Sent Out Hours After the Ft. Hood Shooting
Here’s the contempt resolution against Lois Lerner, plus an explainer
Here’s the ‘Uncontroversial’ Judicial Nominee the Senate Just Approved by Majority Vote Last Night
Here’s why America is upside down and has left us
Heritage Action: Boehner picks fight to clear way for immigration
Heritage performs triage
Hero Dog Returns Home After Taking Bullet for Family
Hero firefighter Andrew Wood ignored his own injuries to save three police officers from carnage...
Herod and the Bethlehem Massacre
Heroes on 60 Minutes (A few words about why heroes are so important.)
Heroic Hobby Lobby Calls Faithful Christians To Courageous Resistance
Heroic New York boy gets firefighter funeral
Heroic Police Dog Shot While Saving Cops
Heroic Woman Deserted, Left Alone on Front Lines
Heroin Has Impacted Every Home
Heroin Kingpin Busted in Florida is an Illegal Alien…on FOOD STAMPS
Heroin Kingpin Busted in Florida is an Illegal Alien…on FOOD STAMPS (Video)
Heroin Scourge Overtakes a ‘Quaint’ Vermont Town
Heroin found in faculty restroom at Fallsburg elementary school
Herridge: Fmr. CIA Director Morell May Have Altered Benghazi Talking Points to Benefit Obama Admin.
Herschel Discovers Water Vapor Spewing from Ceres
Hershey's to make 3-D chocolate printer
Herzog ahead of PM-Kerry meeting in Davos: Peace talks at turning point (barf)
Herzog: Liberman Trying to Sabotage the Peace Process
Heterodoxy And Orthodoxy: Latin Mass Lives In Liberal Southern California
Hevron Arabs Kick Out Leftist Activists near Peace House (Israel)
Hey Barry! The Eighties Called: They Want Their Leader Back.
Hey Britain, You SUCK
Hey GOP, Give Us A Simple, Readable Platform In 2016
Hey John Henry
Hey NAACP, Nobody Asked For your Generate Racist lies against Phil Robertson; Go AWAY!!
Hey Obama: The votes are in, Now you can “CriMeA” River
Hey Randians, There’s More To Life Than Economics: Mike Lee is right, life is not an Ayn Rand novel
Hey gunowners, are your guns as lazy as this guy's?
Hey look! It's Enrico Pallazzo! Ed Helms attached to new 'Naked Gun' movie
Hey! I've got an AR-15 Question
Hey! There's This Site Called Free Republic! - NMD FReepathon
Hey, "Noah" Supporters, Enough with the Guilt Trip Already!
Hey, Barack, Pass that Doobie to Andrew, Will Ya?
Hey, Coke and Pepsi! I've Got Your Back! : Big Government is lining up its next shakedown victim
Hey, DREAMers with DACA, Learn Your Rights at Work
Hey, Governor Christie, what happened to you?
Hey, Rich Kids: If You Get Wasted and Kill People With Your Truck Blame It On “Affluenza”
Hey, You Talkin' To Me?
Hezbollah Commander Killed in Syria fighting
Hezbollah TV: Hollywood Meant to Help Jews Take Over America
Hezbollah Upgrades Missile Threat To Israel
Hezbollah chief vows to 'punish' Israel over killing of key aide
Hezbollah says to remain in Syria
Hi, I am chinaboy. I miss u.
Hickenlooper says repealing gun laws passed in 2013 not an option ( Colorado )
Hickenlooper: New Gun Laws Had No Impact on Arapahoe HS Shooting
Hidden Camera in Abortion Clinic
Hidden Obamacare taxes will appear on health insurance bills starting in 2014
Hidden Ocean Found on Saturn's Icy Moon Enceladus, Could Potentially Support Life
Hidden dangers of solar panels
Hidden disaster in new budget: Demonic plot to raid pensions
Hidden in (Unconstitutional) Obama Diktat: Employer Mandate Delay VOID if You Fire Workers/Cut Hours
Hiding the Hacking at HealthCare.gov [Feds Attacking Target, Ignore Their BIGGER Disaster!]
Hiding the Hacking at HealthCare.gov [will not let you know]
High Court Allows Disputed Home Search
High Court To Examine Facial Hair, Teeth-Whitening
High Court Won't Hear Photog's Gay Wedding Appeal
High River Gun Grab: Broken Trust: Sun News documentary examines the controversial actions
High School Football Coach Ordered To Stop Prayers
High School Sex Ed Indoctrination Reaching Dangerous Levels
High School Student Suspended for Shirt Quoting the 2nd Amendment
High Stakes For US Families Losing Jobless Benefit
High Street Stores 'Sold Cat Fur Hats'
High Tobacco Taxes Spark Huge Black Market in Northeast
High cost of an ego trip (Dana Milbank's Feminist Rant)
High court hears medical-marijuana case
High court to examine facial hair, teeth-whitening
High court to weigh limits of religious liberty in O-Care case
High court to weigh limits of religious liberty in ObamaCare case
High court voids overall contribution limits (democrats and McCain will go nuts with this one!)
High deportation figures are misleading
High electric use during cold snap triggers request to dial it down (Illinois)
High school basketball coach arrested in Logan County, WV following fight on the court
High school censors pro-life club while promoting gay club
High school reading: Classics or contemporary?
High schooler sues New York City over East Harlem explosion injuries
High security risks found after HealthCare.gov launch(CBS headline)
High spirits as Colorado pioneers pot shops
High tech isn’t driving the economy any more
High-Speed Photos Of Wet Dogs Shaking Their Heads Published In Book
High-Speed Trading Firms Face New U.S. Scrutiny
High-protein diet ‘as bad for health as smoking’ (USC study)
Higher Chicago taxes, fines and fees for 2014
Higher Ed Spending Myths
Higher Education’s Debt Kiss
Higher Minimum Wage Hurts Low-Skill Workers
Higher minimum wage will create, not destroy, jobs: Policy group (Barf alert)
Highest-paid public workers call Bay Area home
Highlights from Obama's State of the Union address
Highmark lays off 132 (ObamaCare Strikes)
Highway 99 tunnel team “going hyperbaric” to inspect Bertha
Highway Shooting Cases Rise to 20, Kansas City Police Say
Hiking to North Manitou Island {Michigan}
Hilaire Belloc on Islam
Hilarious 'Mars Fungus' Lawsuit Filed Against NASA
Hilarious Transcripts of Fed Minutes Reveal Completely Clueless Fed
Hilarious – RUSH: Putin Sings ‘Come Back Barry, When You Grow A Pair’
Hilarious!! Is This The Best Commercial Ever Made? Wait Until You See The End!!
Hilarious: MSNBC host likens word 'ObamaCare' to n-word
Hilarious: Mother Jones says MH 370 debris not found because of... (You Guess)
Hilarious: Only one person slow claps after Obama speaks in Netherlands
Hill Friends believe in marriage equality for all
Hill selected to receive first operational F-35A aircraft
Hill staffers warned not to rely on info from ObamaCare exchange
Hill: Rubio Gaining as GOP Establishment's Preferred 2016 Choice.
Hillary "Crimea River"..new video by massadvj
Hillary (2010): US Position= Guarantee Ukraine's Territorial Integrity/Inviolability of its Borders
Hillary 2016: Old, Fat, Sick…still good enough for government work.
Hillary Clinton 'would have loved' to spend 25% of federal budget on foreign aid
Hillary Clinton Applauds (Russian) Hooligans Who Desecrated Cathedral
Hillary Clinton Book to Be Released June 10
Hillary Clinton Calls Putin 'A Tough Guy With Thin Skin'
Hillary Clinton Cancels Appearance Where Benghazi Victim's Mom, Protestors Await
Hillary Clinton Caught Violating Campaign Finance Laws on Tape
Hillary Clinton Discussed U.S. Approval of an Israeli Strike On Iran
Hillary Clinton Dodges a Shoe Thrown by Audience Member - Video
Hillary Clinton Ex-Boss Says He Fired Her from Her Work on the Watergate Investigation..
Hillary Clinton Faces Criminal Charges In Egypt
Hillary Clinton Facing Criminal Charges Over Muslim Brotherhood Connection, Incitement of Violence
Hillary Clinton Fears Donald Trump
Hillary Clinton Fired From Watergate Investigation For ‘Lying, Unethical Behavior’
Hillary Clinton Flees Protest Led by Mother of Man Murdered in Benghazi (Watch Video)
Hillary Clinton Is Polling Like an Incumbent, And That Could Help Her in 2016
Hillary Clinton Named 2013&#8242;s “Most Fascinating Person”
Hillary Clinton Psychoanalyzes Vladimir Putin - ABC News
Hillary Clinton Says She's 'Thinking' About 2016 White House Run
Hillary Clinton Sends Her Regrets On Benghazi
Hillary Clinton Takes Swipe at Fox News with Super Bowl Tweet
Hillary Clinton Won't Have an Easy Ride to Presidency
Hillary Clinton adviser Minyon Moore sought funds for illegal campaign, court papers allege
Hillary Clinton aims for middle of ObamaCare debate: Mend it, Don't end it.
Hillary Clinton campaign got illicit funds from D.C. scandal figure
Hillary Clinton compares Vladimir Putin’s actions in Ukraine to Adolf Hitler’s in Nazi Germany
Hillary Clinton dazzles crowd at San Jose State
Hillary Clinton dodges shoe during Las Vegas speech
Hillary Clinton fans plan 'Des Moines kick-off'
Hillary Clinton hasn't driven a car since 1996
Hillary Clinton hasn’t driven a car since 1996
Hillary Clinton leads WaPo/ABC 2016 primary poll by… 61 points
Hillary Clinton or Joe Biden? Obama says won't choose between them for 2016
Hillary Clinton ranks last on U.S. ‘most admired’ list, behind Rush Limbaugh, Bush (YouGov poll)
Hillary Clinton shoe-thrower identified as Phoenix woman
Hillary Clinton spins her record on Israel
Hillary Clinton team reportedly created list of traitors after ´08 bid
Hillary Clinton tells UN: No human progress without abortion-on-demand
Hillary Clinton to Speak at University of Miami
Hillary Clinton to address National Automobile Dealers Association in New Orleans [Monday event]
Hillary Clinton's Circle Isn't Sure She Should Run for President in 2016
Hillary Clinton's Favorability Slips, But Still High
Hillary Clinton's Iowa problem
Hillary Clinton's Name is Hillary Clinton, Not "Hillary."
Hillary Clinton's Ukraine — and 2016 — problem
Hillary Clinton's Univision Ties Met With Near-Silence in Media; 'Pay-to-Play' Claim From GOP
Hillary Clinton, Richard Branson, and the 25-Year-Old Wunderkind Dems Fell For
Hillary Clinton... Icon and Example to All Women Everywhere, Hasn't Driven a Car in Nearly 20 Years?
Hillary Clinton: "My Biggest Regret Is What Happened In Benghazi" (Too Little, Too Late)
Hillary Clinton: Benghazi ‘biggest’ regret
Hillary Clinton: It’s up to Putin whether there’s ‘another Cold War’
Hillary Clinton: I’m Not Comparing Putin To Hitler, I’m Just Saying He’s Acting Like Hitler
Hillary Clinton: Media ‘double standard’ on women
Hillary Clinton: Nazi-Ukraine mention was about tactics (“I’ve had a lot of experience, well,....)
Hillary Clinton: Obamacare too important to turn back
Hillary Clinton: Women at Fault for Cheating Husband
Hillary Clinton: ‘My Biggest Regret Is What Happened in Benghazi’
Hillary Fails to Name a Single Accomplishment at State Dept.
Hillary Fired For “Lying, Unethical Behavior” on Watergate Committee
Hillary Gets Knifed in Benghazi Drive By
Hillary Has A 'Woody Allen Problem'
Hillary Insiders Say They Won't Work for Her If She Hires This Man
Hillary Joke of the Week
Hillary Joke of the Week-
Hillary Joke of the Week...
Hillary Joke of the Week:
Hillary Joke of the Week~
Hillary Knew & Used NSA Wiretaps – Dick Morris TV: Lunch Alert!
Hillary Scolds Media for ‘Double Standard’ on Women
Hillary Woos the Jews
Hillary and The Cult of ‘Best and Brightest’: The vindication of Sarah Palin.
Hillary ducks shoe thrown at her during speech
Hillary healthy?
Hillary or Bust: How Clinton Buzz Hurts Other Dem Contenders (the glass ceiling cracker)
Hillary pulls into passing lane on ObamaCare (Whoops)
Hillary struggles to list accomplishments during tenure as Secretary of State
Hillary to keynote Vegas [Sept] clean energy summit [Reid and CAP = John Podesta, sponsors]
Hillary vs. The 99 Percent (The progressive mindset in a nutshell)
Hillary's 'war' already won
Hillary's Benghazi Testimony: A Year Later
Hillary's Slur [Flashback: Anti-Semitic Language from HRC--as she claims Putin is "Hitler"]
Hillary's hatred of Israel is a campaign vulnerability
Hillary, Obama and the Russian Reset
Hillary, Relentless and Shameless
Hillary: Benghazi 'my biggest regret'
Hillary: Regret “Reset” Yet?
Hillary: Yeah, Sorry About That Benghazi Thingy…
Hillary’s Secrets
Hillary’s Sugar Daddy Socialism Is Fair Game
Hillary’s War and Marley’s Ghost
Hillary’s hit list
Hillary’s right, there is a war on women and it's going on in the heart of the democrat party
Hillsborough Sheriff Sends Letter To Community Groups About State Fair Fracas
Hill’s $nub of U.S. companies in purchase of crystal stemware is clear
Hindu temple set on fire in Pakistan over blasphemy
Hip-hop propaganda: How the U.S. enlists rap music to fight “jihadi cool”
Hipster wannabes get facial hair transplants (beard club for men?)
Hipsters On Food Stamps, Part 1 & 2
Hire like Google? For most companies, that's a bad idea
Hiroo Onoda: Japanese soldier who took three decades to surrender, dies
Hisham: Authorities Will Search Pilot’s Home if Required
Hispanic lawyers pull conference from Arizona
Historians claim to have recovered Holy Grail
Historians’ Explosive Claim: They’ve Found the Holy Grail
Historic Bible goes missing after de Blasio swearing in (update: found)
Historic Cold Last Night Across Pacific Northwest
Historic Law to Un-insure People, Then Insure Some of Them and Claim a Victory for Social Justice
Historic Sinai monastery criticized as threat to Egypt’s security
Historic Victorian Home Listed At $1 Comes With A Catch
Historic clash: Obama, Rand Paul fight over privacy — and Paul Revere
Historic gains for France's far-right in local elections
Historic: First married Maronite Catholic in U.S. to become a priest—UPDATED
Historically Distorted Perceptions of Islamic Violence
History Casts Doubt Upon Non-Aggression Pact With Iran
History Lesson For The President
History Needs to Repeat Itself (Vanity)
History Suggests Ukraine Has Lost Crimea Forever (Latest "Frozen Conflict" Statelet Alert)
History of Hawaii Cessna accidents
History of Macintosh: a 30 Year Love Affair
History of Pontius Pilate: his background before Good Friday
History of the Magi: Who were the Wise Men?
History of the Super Bowl: Just another Religious Holiday?
History stutters when repeating itself. What it tells us is clear only if we pay attention.
History's Greatest Event
History, The Heart, and The Gift That Changes Both: A Christmas Message
Hitchcock’s Masterpiece On The Holocaust Concentration Camps Is Finally Released
Hitler Finds Out McConnell Is Losing To Matt Bevin
Hitler Reacts to Having his 49ers Face the Seahawks
Hitler Reveals The True Purpose of ObamaCare [plus three other Hitler-Obamacare videos]
Hitler finds out he can't keep his doctor under Obamacare (funny!) (video)
Hitler gets mad at Al Gore’s global warming hypocrisy
Hitler survivor tells Americans: 'Buy more guns!' (Warns Nazi tyranny began with simple...)
Hitler's 'Mein Kampf' Surges in E-Book Sales
Hitler's Bund Deutsche Madel and the Neo-Feminist Girl Scouts
Hitler's Neopaganism and Anti-Christianity
Hitler's Plan to Attack America (Why Hitler Jumped at War With U.S.)
Hitler's Super Gauge Train
Hitler: ‘No Trannies? Of Course! THAT’S Why I Lost the War!’(satire)
Hitlerites
Hizbullah TV: Jews Invented Superman in the Service of Global Jewish Goals
Hmmm... Bat Yam bus bomb just like Boston Marathon bomb
Ho No No! Offensive Christmas light display angers neighbours [w/pic]
Ho! Ho! Ho!
Hoarded Ducks See Water For The First Time
Hobbit Truth-Warriors in Sauron's American Mirkwood
Hobby Lobby Has Its Day In Court - Despite the antics of liberal justices
Hobby Lobby Hysteria Hits New High
Hobby Lobby case fuels bigotry: Column (Gay Epis Bishop strikes again)
Hobby Lobby provided emergency contraceptives before they opposed them
Hobby Lobby: Should Employers be Forced to Provide Abortifacients?
Hobby Lobby’s Green family meets with Pope Francis
Hoboken Mayor: 'It's True' Christie Administration Withheld Sandy Funds [End of Christie?]
Hockey, Dodger Stadium, Wayne Gretzky, Vin Scully—how Great is that?
Hodges' 1st 100 days: Building relationships, slowly and steadily ( Somali Muslims in MN )
Hoeven: Obama will approve Keystone
Hoffman's Death Highlights Growing Heroin Epidemic
Hoffman's NYC funeral attracts Hollywood stars
Hola: Boehner prepares to push amnesty bill through House
Hold an AK
Hold on to Your Hats in Poland!
Hold the IRS Accountable (Ted Cruz ad comparing Obama to Nixon)
Hold the Left accountable for what its ideology has wrought
Holder Admits That,If It Wanted,NSA Could Collect Searches,Emails Just Like Phone Metadata
Holder Claims DOJ Never Sought to End Louisiana Voucher Program
Holder Confirms Obama Ready to Use Executive Order on Guns ‘in Absence of Meaningful Action’
Holder Cries Racism at Sharpton Confab (Long article)
Holder Hails Sweden as Human Rights 'Champion'
Holder Says DOJ Still May Mingle w/CAIR in Quest to Root Out ‘Potential Domestic Violence Adherents’
Holder Shakes Down 'Racist' Banks For Nearly $1 Bil
Holder Threatens Louie Gohmert During Hearing
Holder To Ban Religion In Terror Probes
Holder Urges States to Repeal Bans on Felons’ Voting
Holder blames gun lobby for contempt of Congress vote
Holder blasts racial profiling, shares own experiences
Holder bypasses U.S. Sentencing Commission in mandatory minimums, angers U.S. Attorneys
Holder claims "vast amount" of discretion in enforcing federal laws
Holder claims ´vast amount ofdiscretion´ in enforcing laws
Holder faces decision on whether to seek death penalty in Boston Marathon bombing case
Holder gives nod to state AGs to drop defense of gay marriage bans amid court challenges
Holder on Gohmert: What attorney general has ever had to deal with that kind of treatment?
Holder says feds will recognize Michigan same-sex marriages despite governor's decision
Holder to Cruz: No Conflict Having Obama Donor Investigate IRS Scandal
Holder wants felons to vote
Holder's Felon Re-Enfranchisement A Ruse To Unlock 2 Mil Dem Votes
Holder's New School Discipline Guidelines: Stop Targeting Minorities
Holder's call to let ex-felons vote divides Senate Democrats
Holder's new school discipline guidelines: stop targeting minorities
Holder: Gohmert Disagreement Example of Unprecedented Racism Against Him and Obama
Holder: New media guidelines in weeks
Holder: Restore felons' voting rights
Holder: School discipline racially biased, overly harsh
Holder: State Attorneys General Don’t Have to Defend Same-Sex Marriage Bans
Holder: State Laws That Bar Felons From Voting Are ‘Too Unjust to Tolerate’
Holder: We Want to Explore Gun Tracking Bracelets
Holder: We want to explore gun tracking bracelets
Holder: ‘I Don’t Know Anything’ about Political Activities of Those Involved in IRS Investigation
Holiday Tempers Flare After Gin Is Poured Down Drain
Holiday draws crowds, fights to Miami Beach
Holiday sales disappointing
Holiday shooting in chiropractor's office was self-defense, authorities say
Holland America cruise ship worker raped, beat and strangled passenger
Hollande Courts Business With Economic Revival Plan
Hollande adds 400 troops to CAR deployment, RAF providing logistical support
Hollande ducks First Lady Valerie Trierweiler question
Hollande refuses to say if Rottweiler is still the First Lady ....
Hollywood Actress: Public Schools Are Brainwashing Kids With 'Progressive Agenda'
Hollywood Blacklist
Hollywood Continues to Flee California at Alarming Rate
Hollywood Favors High Tax, 'Gender Pay Equity' -- Just Not in Hollywood
Hollywood Hypocrisy
Hollywood Is Coming to Capitol Hill
Hollywood Just "Ducked" Themselves
Hollywood Losing Movies and Jobs Due to Tax Incentives
Hollywood Moguls Raise $600,000 for NY Gov. Andrew Cuomo's Reelection Campaign
Hollywood Producer: 'Duck Dynasty' Would Be a 'Better Show' if Gays Could 'Shoot Phil Robertson'
Hollywood asks California to cut taxes — for the film industry
Hollywood celebrity looks forward to religion being treated like racism
Hollywood earthquake is third in 10 days
Hollywood fundraises for Texas abortions with ‘Night of a Thousand Vaginas!’
Hollywood hypocrites
Hollywood is apparently turning Noah into a rabid, mankind-hating environmentalist
Hollywood legend turned diplomat Shirley Temple dies at 85
Hollywood severed head mystery may finally be solved [Homosexual Killer]
Hollywood star Shirley Temple dies
Hollywood woman shoots man, 19, after he fails to pay for sex, police say
Hollywood, Propaganda and Liberal Politics
Hollywood’s Muslim Lies
Holograms
Holographic imaging for rapidly sorting stem cells, cancer cells
Holy Cow, I Agree With The U.A.W
Holy See Will Not Share Abuse Investigation Information with UN Committee
Holyfield sparks anger with 'homophobic' comments on Celebrity Big Brother
Holyoke woman, sick with cancer, arrested on warrant issued after she failed to renew dog license
Homage to the Venezuelan student
Home Depot co-founder Ken Langone likens Mayor de Blasio and liberals' arguments to Nazis
Home Korn Singer -- Obama is a Dictator Who Uses Miley Cyrus & Kanye West to Destroy America
Home ownership in Greece 'a sick joke' as property market collapses
Home sales drop to lowest level in almost a year
Home wiring - stereo question
Home-Schooled Girls V. Feminists
Home-schooler plucks win in 2014 Regional Spelling Bee (TN)
HomeNiles Atanus wins by slim margin in 9th District GOP race, Williams demands recount
Homeland Security Chief Swoons Over Terrorist Support Group CODE PINK – Asks For Medea Benjamin’s
Homeland Security Considering Two Major Changes to Ease Deportations (Amnesty)
Homeland Security Exercise Targets “Free Americans Against Socialist Tyranny”
Homeland Security Pre-Staging A Domestic Military Force
Homeland Security Secretary: Illegals Have ‘Earned the Right to be Citizens’
Homeland Security Stacked With Pro-Amnesty Attorneys Ahead of Illegal Immigration Fight
Homeland Security drones resume flying after crash
Homeland Security helps smuggle illegal immigrant children into the U.S.
Homeland Security is seeking a national license plate tracking system
Homeland Security watchdog resigns under ethics cloud, days before hearing
Homeland Security's Heavily Armed East Williamsburg Raid 'Terrorized And Confused' Residents
Homeless Family Who Held on to Pit Bull Has New Home
Homeless Man Receives a ‘Winning’ Lottery Ticket – Make Sure You Have Some Tissues Ready
Homeless Man Recovering After Apparent Mountain Lion Attack (CA)
Homeless Seeking Shelter from Cold in Subways to Be Kicked Out, Police Say
Homeless couple sues Missouri town for asking them to leave
Homeless veteran ‘baked to death’ in Rikers cell (NYC prison)
Homeless woman attacks and stomps on elderly man's head at Port Authority Bus Terminal
Homemade gun range on owner’s residential yard is legal, according to Florida statute
Homeowner burns down house after deciding to clear prank toilet paper by setting it on fire
Homeowner holds two at gunpoint in driveway UPDATED Wednesday 4:45 p.m
Homeowner kills burglar he finds in house
Homeowner shoots burglary suspect in groin
Homeowner who shot dead drunk and disorientated car crash victim...WILL stand trial for murder
Homeowner's Insurance Premiums Skyrocket
Homeowner’s friend shoots alleged intruder/robber, sends another fleeing
Homeowner’s son shoots, kills burglary suspect in Van Zandt County
Homicide Watch Chicago
Homicide victim booked into Potter County Jail
Homo Liberalis: a field guide to identifying liberals in the wild
Homo-fascists are overplaying their hand with Duck Dynasty
Homofascist Tyranny
Homofascists Turn Their "Gay" Guns on Mississippi
Homophobia and intimacy in a Russian sauna (I like Russia more and more)
Homophobic President Refuses to Kiss British Prime Minister
Homophobic President Refuses to Kiss British Prime Minister (satire(?))
Homophobic mother punched her son in the face and branded him a ‘dirty queer’ after he came out…
Homosexual Born-Again Christians: They Do Exist!
Homosexual Fascists Use Putin-like Tactics
Homosexual activists aim to ‘destroy the family’, impose ‘totalitarianism’: gay pro-family activist
Homosexual legal group in MA... to force Catholic school to hire man who's "married" to another man
Homosexual lobby day in Richmond, Jan 28 (BARF ALERT)
Homosexual lobby pushing radical changes to Mass. school "anti-bullying" laws
Homosexual relations and the Bible
Homosexual ‘Tolerance’ Strikes Again
Homosexuality and the "Duck Dynasty" Debate
Homosexuality and the Heterosexual Dilemma
Homosexuality promoted through Catholic Charities [vanity]
Homosexuality? De facto unions? "Time to open up to diversity," says Italian archbishop
Honestly, all of the mainstream media companies could just merge under this one logo...
Honey Bees
Honey Maid Found The Perfect Way To Respond To Homophobes Who Hated Its New Ad
Honey Maid sends a message to critics of ad featuring gay couple
Honey Maid takes anti-gay backlash...and turns it into a message of love
Honey Price Increases Lead to Jump In Beehive Thefts
Honey, I shrunk the mandate [Obama repeals the mandate, nullifies ObamaCare]
Hong Kong Disneyland: Mainland tourists drive profit through the roof
Hong Kong newspaper editor who criticised Chinese government hacked with meat cleaver
Hong Kong pilot spots debris in Vietnamese waters
Hong Kong: US bomb from World War Two defused by police
Honor Diaries, the documentary CAIR doesn't want you to see about women of Islam
Honor Newtown victims by dealing with guns and mental health issues
Honor and Courage Take Center Stage in the Patriotic 'Lone Survivor
Honor and deception: Secretive Air Force program recruits academy cadets to inform...
Honor of a lifetime -- performing at the Vatican for Pope Benedict, his brother
Hooded Car-Tipping Vandals Flip Over Smart Cars In San Francisco
Hooray for Snooping!
Hope Yes, Vote No is Not a Winning Equation
Hope and Change
Hope and Change becoming Hopeless and Chagrin for young adults
Hope and Change. Really?
Hope you didn’t give money to GOProud because Breitbart told you to or anything
Hoping Muslim Crocodile Devours Her Last Dopey Lesbian Police Chief Wears A Hijab
Hoping for Asylum, Migrants Strain U.S. Border
Hoping to isolate Russia, US woos China on Ukraine
Hopping mad: South African ministers furious to discover sculptors ...
Horrible! Obama Blames Racism For His Lower Approval Ratings
Horrific Sexual Assault Case Against School Superintendent's Son Divides Town
Horror on the red carpet as Golden Globes entrance flooded with SEWAGE ...
Horror! Islamists Attack Towering Christ Statue in Syria – Monastery Bombed (Video)
Horror! Pittsburgh Teen Arrested for Beating & Raping 70 Year-Old Nun in Church Parking Lot (Video)
Horror: Aborted Babies Used to Heat UK Hospitals
Horror: Cops tackle, beat, pepper-spray, pin, suffocate, kill innocent man
Horse: The Jalopnik Review
Horseback protesters urge France: No new taxes
Horses' future uncertain if NYC carriage rides end [de Blasio may turn them into burgers]
Horsing around in the Crimea: From One Horse's Patoot to a Real Horse Faced Dope.
Hospital Agrees to Let Family Move Jahi McMath to New Medical Facility
Hospital Bans Christmas Carolers From Singing Religious Songs
Hospital Chain Said to Scheme to Inflate Bills (DOJ case against hospital)
Hospital Cuts Pregnant Woman From Life Support, Killing Her Unborn Child
Hospital May Not Appeal Husband’s Bid to Cut Pregnant Wife From Life Support, Kill His Unborn Child
Hospital Ships to Be Counted in U.S. Combat Fleet
Hospital Union Resorts to Intimidation Tactics Against Workers Who Opt Out
Hospital agrees to let Jahi McMath family take girl
Hospital management negligence, infectious waste spread disease in Peshawar city.
Hospital won't aid transfer of girl on ventilator
Hospital won't release baby until a pediatrician is assigned.
Hospital: Ariel Sharon's health worsens
Hospital: ex-Israeli PM Ariel Sharon's health has deteriorated further; in 'grave' condition
Hospitalised French first lady accused of using 'emotional blackmail' to keep glamorous role..
Hospitals Plot the End of Insurance Companies
Hospitals will still have a 'free rider' problem under Obamacare
Hot Air Hisses Out Of Housing Bubble 2.0:
Hot Jazz Saturday Night
Hot Pockets recalled on meat 'unfit' for humans
Hot Sauce and Panko Unveils Ramen Wings
Hot Tamale Trail
Hot Topic: Should the GOP De-Emphasize Social Issues?
Hotel Bloodbath: Nine Executed While Dining in Kabul
Hotel Selling Cooked Human Meat Found In Onitsha As Police Arrests 11 With Fresh Human Heads
Hotel allows guns for Kansas Republican convention
Hounded By Free-Speech Advocate Sarah Palin, MSNBC Host Is Sorry for Romney Jokes
House Approves Bill to Stop Obama's "War on Coal"
House Approves Budget Deal Over Token Conservative Opposition
House Bloomberg bill hearing Tuesday morning (MN)
House Cleaning on the Right
House Conservatives Plot Takedown of GOP Leaders' Amnesty Plans
House Conservatives Plot to Oust Boehner, Put Scare Into Cantor
House Conservatives Want to Oust Boehner
House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer: No extremists on our side of the aisle
House Democrats to Try and Force Floor Vote on Immigration Overhaul
House Democrats: Climate Change Turns Women Into Prostitutes
House Democrats: It’s not about politics
House Democrats: We can’t build Keystone XL ’cause we need to keep 80% of our resources below ground
House Dems Move to Force Immigration Vote
House Dems Want EPA to Reopen Investigation on Fracking
House Dems break ranks with the WH on ObamaCare vote [WH worried will discourage sign-ups]
House Dems rip Obama on deportations
House Ethics Committee Investigating Representative Gutierrez
House GOP Immigration Strategy: Hope and Change
House GOP Leaders Face Challenge on Immigration
House GOP Plans To Save Obama With Immigration Reform (Ted Cruz speaks against amnesty)
House GOP Sets New Push to Overhaul Immigration
House GOP Will Attend a Secret Island Meeting on How to Crush Conservatives
House GOP divided on debt ceiling (Whale of a fight, eh?)
House GOP group rejects Obama's call for comprehensive immigration reform
House GOP leaders defend new budget deal (Funds ObamaCare for 2 more years...)
House GOP number three: How about legalization without citizenship for illegals?
House GOP sets first vote to hold Lois Lerner in contempt over IRS targeting
House GOP skeptical of Obama immigration approach (Brooks, Lankford, Pompeo support amnesty)
House GOP split over forging ahead on immigration this year
House GOP tax plan runs into Senate GOP resistance
House GOP to Ditch Debt Limit Plan
House GOP to Obama: Let's Do a 'Year of Action' Together
House GOP to gather for retreat (Amnesty Conference is on Thursday)
House GOP writing 'principles' for immigration reform
House Intelligence chair: Benghazi attack 'Al Qaeda-led event'
House OKs measure redirecting millions from cigarette tax revenue to water projects, roads
House ObamaCare vote sets stage for new campaign attacks (delay tax penalty for five years)
House Passes 'Clean' Debt Limit Bill (Cornyn to vote NO, but whipping GOP YES votes?)
House Passes Ukraine Aid/Russian Sanctions 385-23; Senate 98-2
House Readies For Vote On FOIA Reforms
House Report: Al Qaeda in Maghreb and Al Qaeda-Linked Ansar al-Sharia Did Benghazi
House Report: Lois Lerner's Involvement in the IRS Targeting of Tax-Exempt Organizations
House Republican pushing mileage tax to bolster Transportation funds (RINO Alert)
House Republicans Are Quietly Giving in to Obamacare [Lib Propaganda to Dispirit Us?]
House Republicans Are of Many Minds on Immigration (1/29 GOP Amnesty Retreat in MD)
House Republicans Preparing Plan for Immigration Overhaul [Where's The T- Party Grassroots Protest?]
House Republicans are attempting to fool us with phony investigations to hide their amnesty plans
House Republicans eye possible debt limit vote next week
House Republicans pass bill redefining full-time work to 40 hours
House Republicans to Offer Broad Immigration Plan
House Republicans to advance 'clean' debt limit: Boehner
House Republicans won't rule out arresting Lois Lerner if Justice Department doesn't
House Republicans: Ted Cruz killed our amnesty
House and Senate inch toward Deal on Federal Budget
House approves budget deal, handing major victory to Boehner (Next up: Amnesty...)
House backs bill to sue president over laws
House candidate labels Hillary 'the Antichrist'
House cat in Oregon attacks baby, traps family in bedroom
House contempt vote for IRS’ Lois Lerner set for next week
House easily passes $1T omnibus spending bill with 359-67 vote
House extends ban on non-metal guns [by VOICE VOTE]
House immigration reform effort has conservatives on edge
House leaders sell immigration blueprint
House of Cards: The Complete First Season (2013)
House opts against condemning Issa
House panel taking up climate change measure - Kansas
House panel to explore Internet sales tax
House panel to hold contempt vote on IRS official [Live Thread]
House panel votes to hold ex-IRS official Lerner in contempt of Congress
House passes $1.1 trillion spending bill
House passes bill redefining full-time workers under Obamacare; Maffei and Hanna split on issue
House passes bill requiring health care numbers
House passes debt-ceiling increase with no add-ons
House proposes 15-cent federal gas tax hike
House resolution defends Christmas
House seeks Fast and Furious gun-walking documents
House set to pass spending bill
House subcommittee: Obamacare’s $300 billion Medicare Advantage raid will hurt seniors next year
House to Grill Sebelius on Lack of Meetings with Obama
House to Vote on Bill to Stop ‘Imperial Presidency’ Next Week
House to Vote on Making Fine for Disobeying Obamacare Individual Mandate $0
House votes to delay Obamacare's individual mandate
House votes to keep cost-of-living increases for military pensions
House votes to restore military pensions
House-Passed ‘Compromise’ Farm Bill to Cost $1.4 Billion a Page
Housing Expenses Among the Perks Michigan Residents Pay for Big Hollywood
Housing Finance Reform, Corker-Warner And The Rule Of Law (Federalist Society Panel)
Houston Mayor Annise Parker calls Phil Robertson a 'redneck wingnut' ...
Houston Planned Parenthood worker skirts fact that patient is bleeding out on 911 call
Houston among top 10 best performing American cities
Houston bayou’s evolution into busy port ongoing
Houston braces for invasion of 'Crazy Ants'
Houston church (First Pres) considers split from Presbyterians (from PCUSA)
Houston fills with crude oil that can’t be shipped out
Houston school board votes to ban 'offensive' mascots
Houston's WWII sailor in famous kissing photo dies at 86
Houston: Amnesty Protest Event #conservativebacklash
Houston’s Lesbian Mayor Calls Phil Robertson a ‘Redneck Wing-Nut’
Houston’s growing alternative-fuel fleet among nation’s largest
How "Noah" And "God’s Not Dead" Are Making The Bible Popular Again At The Movies
How '12 Years A Slave' Explains America's Wars (Compares U.S. troops to brutal slave masters)
How 'Duck Dynasty' Will Survive (and Thrive) Post-Phil Robertson Scandal
How 'bout them Seahawks?!
How 'low information' are low information Americans about Obamacare?
How 185 Million Barrels of Oil Can Simply Vanish
How 6,000 Years Of Agriculture Transformed Athletic Humans Into Couch Potatoes
How @JAMyerson Blamed @SarahPalinUSA for Tucson
How A Simple New Invention Seals A Gunshot Wound In 15 Seconds
How About Surge Pricing For San Francisco's Tech Buses?
How Adam Lanza Wrecked Obama's Second Term: Don't blame the catastrophic health care rollout
How Alcohol Conquered Russia
How American Must A Product Be To Be Labeled “Made In The USA”?
How America’s low-wage workers are struggling to join the middle class
How Ann Coulter Defends Chris Christie
How Anti-Jewish Jokes Hurt the Palestinian Cause
How Apple's CarPlay Can Tip The Balance In Music And Radio
How BIG is Google? (Video)
How Bad Directions (And A Sandwich) Started World War I
How Bad Is Obama's Jobs Record? Let's Count The Ways
How Bitcoin is Changing Everything
How Black Parents Would React If We Sued for Child Support
How British satellite company Inmarsat tracked down MH370
How CERN’s Discovery of Exotic Particles May Affect Astrophysics
How CNN Lost its Way
How California Voters Raised the Price of Eggs Across America
How Can Jet Disappear? In the Ocean, It's Not Hard
How Can Mary Hear Thousands Simultaneously?
How Central Banks Cause Income Inequality
How Chick-Fil-A Is Outselling KFC With A Fraction Of The Restaurants
How China’s appetite for raw materials is transforming the world
How Chris Christie Can Save His Career
How Climate Change Drove the Rise of Genghis Khan
How Colombian Police deal with machete wielding maniac
How Comedians Are Making 'Climate Change' a Joke
How Common Core Killed the Cop Killer Counselor
How Congress broke faith with our troops
How Conservatives Lost the Light Bulb (and Got it Back Again)
How Conservatives Win
How Corporate America Forced Arizona Bill's Veto
How Covert Agents Infiltrate The Internet To Manipulate, Deceive, And Destroy Reputations
How Covert Agents Infiltrate the Internet to Manipulate, Deceive, and Destroy Reputations
How Dangerous Is Putin? Just Look at His Own Words
How Delaware investigators brought down a violent drug cartel kingpin
How Democrats Kill Jobs
How Democrats Plan to Cut Food Stamps Without Enraging Their Base
How Democrats and Republicans Learned to Agree on Obamacare
How Dennis Rodman can help the North Korean people (Letter to Dennis)
How Did The Democrats Become The Party Of The Rich?
How Did This Form of Cruelty Become Commonplace?
How Did Woman Who Died in 2008 Vote In 2010 Election?
How Do I Purge Ask.com from my Computer (vanity)
How Do Tea Parties End? (Politico)
How Do Tea Parties End? (read for a laugh)
How Do We Make Reparations Happen?
How Do You Deal With Vitriol?
How Do You Know The Torah is True?
How Do we Know the Gospels are Historical?
How Does the Left Do It?
How Dogs and Cats Teach Their Offspring to Use the Stairs
How Easily Liberals Lie. Another Race Hoax Exposed!
How Environmental policies are causing havoc for farmers from California to Great Britain
How Facebook Exploits Underage Girls In Its Quest For Ad Revenue
How Far Can Obama Go?
How Federal Financial Student Aid Hurts Struggling Families
How Free Trade Is Killing Middle America
How George W. Bush failed the GOP
How George Washington Celebrated Christmas
How Germany’s Request for Gold Could Affect the US Dollar
How Giving $1,000 to Every Baby in America Could Reduce Income Inequality
How Global Warming Can Make Cold Snaps Even Worse [Polar Vortex!]
How Global Warming Makes it Warmer and Colder
How God Healed Me from My Abortion One woman's story of abortion, forgiveness, and grace
How Government Officials Doom Gun Registration Laws
How Hillary Clinton sicced the FBI on the White House travel office
How Hobby Lobby Will Hurt Conservatives (Barf Alert!)
How Hollywood Is Killing Same-Sex Marriage
How I Became "Tiberjudy"
How I Changed My Mind About Abortion
How I Escaped the Mormon Temple [Ex-BYU prof tells how her family was rescued from legalistic cult]
How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love ‘Climate Change’
How I Lost My $50,000 Twitter Username
How I would have written the Arizona Religious Freedom act ~ Vanity
How Iron Maiden found its worst music pirates -- then went and played for them
How Is Adam’s sin Described Differently than Eve’s?
How It Might All Go Down: When the very survival of Israel is at stake, Israel will not hesitate...
How Italians Learn to Talk
How Jesus is Being Denied ...
How John Boehner Decided To Give Up On the Debt Limit Fight
How John Boehner learned to stop worrying and hate the Tea Party
How Judicial Bypass Illegitimizes Abortion’s Parental Consent Laws
How Karl Rove went from GOP mastermind to the right's political punching bag
How Liberals Handle Defeat
How Likely Are Democrats to Lose the Senate?
How Likely Are Dems to Lose the Senate?
How Liquid Natural Gas May Revolutionize Shipping, And Make Goods Cheaper
How Low Can You Go? (Virginia Democrat candidate Mike Dickinson)
How Maddow’s MSNBC Takeover Dooms the Left
How Many American Men Are Gay?
How Many Dead People Voted in This North Carolina Election? More Than Zero
How Many Jobs Are Threatened by the EPA in YOUR District?
How Matt Drudge (and Other Obamacare Victims) Can Escape the “Liberty Tax”
How Menachem Begin responded to the demand for a 'Palestinian state.'
How Much Longer Will Liberals Accuse Most Americans Of Being Racists With No Evidence?
How Much Money Did Ukraine Lose When It Nixed The EU Deal? [ has link trade deal ]
How Much Wealth Redistribution Is Enough?
How Murkowski’s Voting Record Could Help Begich in Alaska (moderates helping democrats!)
How New England's dependence on natural gas is causing a pipeline traffic jam
How Norway Scores So Much Olympic Gold
How Obama Will Win The 2014 Election – With Help From Karl Rove
How Obama can bypass Tea Party Congress (and raise fast food worker wages)
How Obama could stop Putin's Ukraine power grab without firing a shot
How Obama ran down the nuclear doomsday clock
How Obama wants to sweeten the bailout for insurers under Obamacare
How Obama's Response To NSA Spying Has Evolved
How ObamaCare Saves 30 Million From Being Uninsured While Leaving 30 M Without Coverage
How ObamaCare Slaps the Sick
How ObamaCare might undermine labor unions
How Obamacare Could Kill the Housing Market in 2014
How Obamacare Could Unlock Job Opportunities
How Obamacare Will Hurt Your Wallet All Year (Pelosi knew)
How Obamacare uncertainty is hurting US economy
How Obamacare will die
How Obamanomics Promotes Inequality
How Old People Park Their Car....
How Our Milky Way Galaxy Got Its Spiral Arms
How People in Muslim Countries Prefer Women to Dress in Public
How Politicians Game the Pension System
How President Obama Turned The Tables and Humiliated Roger Ailes and Fox News (Huh?)
How Presidents Lie (VDH)
How Privileged Are You? (checklist)
How Public Employees Have Superior Rights and Entitlements
How Putin Bullies Obama
How Putin Parried Obama's Overtures on Crimea
How Putin uses KGB-style "active measures"
How Red States Are Holding Back Obamacare
How Republicans Could Replace Obamacare: Plan begins by repealing Obamacare in its entirety
How Rick Santorum is laying the groundwork for another presidential run
How Rising Atmospheric CO2 is a Biospheric Benefit
How Russia Today Is Covering the Crisis In Ukraine
How Russia could strangle the US space program
How Russia is rousing a sleeping energy bear
How Russian President Vladimir Putin Changed One MMA Fighter's Life
How Sandra Fluke could hand a safe Dem House seat to the GOP
How Sarah Palin Exploits Right-Wing Racism (They're fuming over her MLK-day message to Barry)
How Scott Walker and the conservatives saved Wisconsin. America, take note
How Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel Steals From His Soldiers
How Seeger moved U.S. culture left
How Silicon Valley Could Destabilize The Democratic Party
How Sochi's Opening Ceremony stacks up to previous Olympics
How Steve Jobs Blew Up the Rules of Branding
How Steven Spielberg Made Millions Off 'Star Wars' After A 1977 Bet With George Lucas
How Sticking to Your Guns Makes You Happy
How TV Censorship Works for Democrats
How Ted Cruz is trying to outmaneuver Rand Paul
How Ted Cruz killed IMF expansion: A timeline
How The 1973 Crisis Changed US Energy Policy And Habits
How The Farm Bill's $8.7 Billion Food Stamp Cuts Hurt Working America (Cover the monitor)
How The GOP Plans To Crush The Tea Party Revolt
How The Media Uses ‘Creationism’ To Attack School Choice
How They Deny Christ...MArk 8 pt 5
How This One Magic Number Saved Obamacare
How Throwback Thursday could be a cathartic experience instead of a nostalgic one...
How Times columnist Bill Keller aids Sarah Palin’s “death panel” smear
How To Catch And Load A Horse
How To Deal With The Scary 1929 Parallel Chart
How To Heat Your Home Using Just Tea Lights And Flower Pots
How To Make Homemade Mayonnaise
How To Make a Brownie in a Mug IN 5 minutes
How To Opt Out Of Obamacare
How To Undo The Failure Of Obamanomics — Big Tax Cuts
How To Use Trees To Prospect For Gold
How To Wrap A Cat For Christmas
How To: Celebrate an All-American Christmas
How Tony Gonzalez Inadvertently Saved A Photographer's Life By Crashing Into Him
How Toothless Is NATO Over Russia And Crimea?
How US Evangelicals Fueled the Rise of Russia’s ‘Pro-Family’ Right
How US will rescue Olympians if terrorists strike the Sochi Games [BO and Benghazi Redux]
How Ukraine Can Be Saved
How Venezuela Exploded
How Vladimir Putin Became Evil
How Vladimir Putin Stashed Away A Secret $70 Billion Personal Fortune
How Vladimir Putin came to power (full documentary) Russia
How We Can Make Putin Pay, and Why We Must
How We Got On Land, Bone by Bone
How We Should Think About Income Inequality
How Well Do You Really Understand Fracking?
How Will The Economy Improve In 2014 If Almost Everyone Has Less Money To Spend?
How Wisconsin Made It To The FINAL FOUR
How World Vision Can Regain Trust (After it Reverses Its Decision to Support Gay Marriage)
How Would the World Change if Everyone Could Live Where They Wanted?
How You Should Have Spent $100.00 In 2013 ( Hint: Bitcoin)
How Your Cat Is Making You Crazy
How Y’all, Youse and You Guys Talk
How a Hamilton LGBTQ activist was inspired by Pope Francis
How a Highland cat is helping a boy with autism
How a Jobless Father of Four Is Surviving the Winter in Detroit
How a Megachurch Worked Through the Situation When a Church Leader Came Out as Gay
How a Military Sexual Assault Case Foundered
How a Socialist Won (Seattle's Occutard Kshama Sawant & NYC's stale white guy Bill de Blasio)
How a U.S. Air Force F-15 Eagle shot down an Iraqi Mig-23 Flogger during Desert Storm
How a UK firm ... used a nineteenth century mathematical model to track missing flight MH370
How a Watchdog Blew the Lid Off the GM Recall Scandal [Obama Motors recall delay killed 12 people]
How a bowl of seaweed soup in 1908 brought us the (unfairly maligned) additive known as MSG
How a century of breeding 'improvement' has turned once-healthy dogs into deformed animals
How a ‘tiny’ flight attendant wrestled a gun from a hijacker’s hands and ....
How al-Qaeda Changed the Syrian War
How an American snowboarder helped Russia win the Sochi Games' medal table
How an Innovative Pro-Life Prayer App is Rescuing Babies From Abortion
How an ‘Angry’ Teen Allegedly Reacted After His Mother Denied Him Money For Marijuana
How badly must Republicans lose for immigration reform to win?
How business went 'DEFCON 1' in Arizona
How can Democrats lie like this without being totally embarrassed?
How can I know when I have the Spirit of the Lord with me?
How can Wikipedia woo women editors?
How can newspapers be saved? First, fire the journalists.
How can non-hierarchical denominations prevent child abuse in churches? (Prod/Evangelical Caucus)
How can we enact meaningful gun control? Part I: Background Checks
How coffee can perk up your memory: Drinking a strong mug can improve recall
How cold is this winter? Records over 100 years old broken in the Upper Peninsula
How curbing climate change can prevent Russia from becoming a superpower
How did my fellow Irish-Americans get so disgusting?
How did people find out that Mozilla’s CEO donated to support Prop 8? (Forcing him to resign)
How did this 146-word essay on Rosa Parks get an A-? UNC football player's shocking term paper..
How do I downgrade my iPhone 4 operating system back to IOS6? I cannot stand IOS 7. (Vanity)
How do I know if this is a valid request or a phishing attempt?
How do I move a movie from my Galaxy S3 to my computer? (Vanity - FReeper help needed)
How do you weaponize a rabbit?
How does Mozilla make their money?
How evolution shapes the geometries of life
How far is Heaven ? There is a WAY ! Joyful worship and praise which confuses the enemy !
How far right Republican Tim Donnelly became the GOP favorite in California
How good are you at identifying languages just by listening to them?
How good was Phil Robertson at football?
How is she keeping that dress on? Mariah Carey... ( shortened )
How long before media starts comparing Malaysia Captn to Timothy McVeigh ?
How many Americans will be using an iPhone when the US Smartphone Market Saturates? [68% in 2017]
How many Obamacare customers have paid for their plans?
How many families discussed Obamacare at their Christmas gatherings?
How many murders in Chicago the last two days?
How many of the groceries sold at Walmart would be banned by Whole Foods?
How many of you knew there was a "four hour rule"?
How many of your favorite New Testament books were popular among the early Christians?
How many people “enrolled” in ObamaCare have actually paid their first month of premiums?
How many “new” Obamacare exchange enrollees were previously uninsured?
How modern global warming science took form
How much weather is being caused by climate change? Maybe 1 part in 1,000.
How much weight should our opposition to abortion carry in our voting decisions?
How not to handle internal party divisions - Democrats don’t attack their constituents
How one man turns annoying cold calls into cash
How pathetic
How political correctness took down Navy SEALs
How religion cuts crime
How should Democrats deal with Obamacare in 2014?
How smart was ancient man? (28 min video)
How student excuses are evolving
How the ATF Manufactures Crime
How the Consultant Class Views the Tea Party
How the Drought Is Devastating California's #1 Food Export: Almonds
How the Drug War Disappeared the Jury Trial
How the EPA Plans to Kill Jobs and Reduce Your Income
How the Feds Plan to Use the APA, NSA and Obamacare to Get Your Guns
How the GOP Can Destroy Hillary Clinton Now!
How the GOP Can Repeat 1994, Thanks to Harry Reid (repeal Husseincare 22.3?)
How the GOP Lost Middle America
How the GOP Sabotaged Marco Rubio, the Man Who Was Once Its Savior
How the GOP can win the White House. And everything else.
How the KKK Got Its Way on Separation of Church and State
How the NSA Threatens National Security
How the NSA uses SIM cards to mistakenly kill civilians
How the Obama administration dismantled American government
How the Paper Money Experiment Will End
How the Russian Media Are Treating Putin and Crimea
How the Secession Movement Could Break Up the US
How the Senate landscape has shifted toward Republicans — in one chart
How the States Committed Suicide
How the Tea Party Cornered John Boehner on Immigration
How the U.S. Put Latin America Up for Grabs
How the UK helped Viktor Yanukovych loot Ukraine
How the Ukraine Crisis Ends [Henry Kissinger]
How the Web Affects Memory (Internet Hive Mind Emerging)
How the West was lost by the selfie president
How the ark changed shape
How the budget deal could sink — or make — the tea party’s No. 1 accomplishment
How the elevator transformed America
How the oil boom could change U.S. foreign policy
How the strange case of Obama's Uncle Omar complicates immigration reform
How the vitamin industrial complex swindled America
How the words “UNDER GOD” came to be added to the Pledge of Allegiance to the Flag
How they voted: 1 Michigan Republican voted for 'clean' debt ceiling bill (Dave Camp)
How tiny liberal loon crank groups provide cover and distraction for larger, more dangerous...
How to Answer Stupid Job Interview Questions
How to Assist Evil
How to Avoid Huge Ships
How to Avoid a Cult of Personality
How to Bathe a Cat
How to Be a Success at Failure
How to Beat a Photo-Enforced Speeding Ticket
How to Burst the "Filter Bubble" that Protects Us from Opposing Views
How to Consciously Uncouple: Advice for a drama-free divorce from Gwyneth Paltrow’s guru
How to DISAPPEAR from the internet: Nine-step guide
How to Dress So Basic Bros Leave You Alone
How to Fight Income Inequality: Get Married
How to Fight Inequality and Enhance Happiness
How to Graduate from Art School (Animation) [Short, funny video]
How to Increase Unemployment: Gang of Eight–style reform would depress wages of low-skill workers.
How to Justify Russian Aggression (whataboutism)
How to Keep Companies from Tracking You Online—for Good
How to Kill a Transformer
How to Make Your Headlights Shine Like New
How to Opt Out of Obamacare
How to Roll Back the Demonizing of Free Markets
How to Save Cities Millions
How to Save the Internet
How to Say Sorry to Sarah Palin
How to Secure a Proper Iranian Agreement
How to See Spectacular Antares Commercial Rocket Launch to Space Station on Jan. 8 – Complete Viewin
How to Stop Putin in His Tracks [a bitter autocrat with a head....can be a dangerous creature]
How to Store Cheese
How to Surivive in a World Without Antibiotics - Free download
How to Survive the Coming Final Dollar 'Bear Raid'
How to Survive the Next Wave of Technology Extinction
How to Tell if You're NOT an Intelligent Design Proponent
How to become untouchable...Mozilla CEO pressured to resign over Prop 8 contribution
How to bust A&E for sacking Phil Robertson
How to cook your holiday turkey using a $490,000 Lamborghini Aventador
How to cut your cat's claws
How to debunk the 'war on women'
How to defeat the gun control bums in 2014
How to get away with building an untraceable nuclear bomb and transport it without anyone knowing
How to get generic drugs even cheaper Rx prices can vary by $170 among retailers
How to hit Mozilla Financially and still keep their browser(Caveat)
How to piss off a Texan
How to stick it to the poor: A congressional strategy (BARF-A-RAMA)
How to store dry foods in canning jars
How to tell an oil train in Oregon apart from others: photo guide
How to understand Putin's Ukraine strategy
How to use fruit peels to filter your water.
How was bridge closing supposed to hurt mayor?
How we ended up with a generation of no-discipline, no-talent job seekers
How will ObamaCare impact prescription drug coverage?
How will concussions affect the future of football and the NFL?
How will things change in Crimea if it joins Russia?
How would YOU score on this 26-question quiz about 'Smithmas?' [Vanity, Part A]
How would you like your ants' eggs sir? Business booms for farmers of Indonesia’s most bizarre food
How would ‘The Silmarillion’ fare as a film trilogy?
How your car can be hacked remotely by a tiny device
How ‘Liberal’ Is Sen. Cornyn?
How's "Tingle Down" Economics Working for You Comrade Chris Matthews?
Howard Cosell's "Little Drummer Boy"
Howard Stern Says Greg Gutfeld Great Replacement for Departing David Letterman
Howard Stern says “I will never vote Democrat again, they are Communists.”
Howard and NSA reach deal to cool computer center with county’s treated wastewater
Howard rates as our (Australia's) best PM of the past four decades
Howie Carr ping January 2014
Howie Carr thread April 2014
Howie Carr thread Feb 2014
Howie Carr thread March 2014
How’s That Reset Going, Hillary?
Hoyer Said About the Most Sexist Thing Anyone Could Say
Hoyer predicts Democrats positioned to win back the House in 2014
Hoyer says House Democrats are ready to swallow $9 billion in food stamp cuts
Hoyer: Gates should have waited to publish his 'contradictory' book
Hubble Looks but Finds No Trace of Comet ISON
Hubble Telescope best shot at learning comet fate
Hubblecast 70 Explains How Gravitational Lensing Will Help Uncover the Secrets of the Universe
Huber Matos, Comrade of Castro, Then Adversary, Dies at 95
Huckabee Blunders Into Media's War on Women Trap
Huckabee Leads Early Iowa Poll
Huckabee Promotes GOP-E, Demeans Conservatives
Huckabee Running for President?
Huckabee Scolds the Tea Party Groups: ‘Politics Is Not Theology’
Huckabee Seeks 'Full-Time Reporters' for Launch of Huckabee Post
Huckabee Singers Video: "The Twelve days of Obamacare"
Huckabee endorses Lankford in Oklahoma
Huckabee endorses underdog in N.C. Senate race (Huckster working to split the conservative vote)
Huckabee in Washington, hinting at 2016 bid
Huckabee on the “RINO” label: The Nazis devalued people too, you know
Huckabee talks religious liberty, 2016 campaign
Huckabee walks back Graham endorsement
Huckabee: Democrats think 'women can't control their libidos' [WH Spokesman is offended]
Huckabee: Keep ‘personal issues of candidates’ off the table
Huckabee: Those endless Lindsey Graham TV commercials are NOT endorsements (yeah, right!)
Huckabee: if a woman wants to have sex then taxpayers shouldn't foot the bill for her contraceptives
Huckabee’s Media Move: Staying in the mix for 2016
Hudson River town wonders what's next as GE plant heads south in latest NY manufacturing loss
Huelskamp Gets Standing Ovation for Accidental Suggestion Speaker Boehner Should Retire
HuffPost Blogger Rips GOP For Opposing Debt Limit Hike;
HuffPost Sees Mass Exodus as More Users Reject New Comment System
HuffPost’s Gut-Wrenching Poverty Editorial That Went Viral a Hoax
Huffington Post Terrified by “American Dream” Commercial
Huffington Post links The People's Cube to Koch Brothers
Huffington Post writer: Embrace your inner racist and kill black babies
Huffington Post: “We Can Have Morally Good Abortions”
Huge Quake, So Cal
Huge See, I Told You So from 2008: Democrats Try To Take Your 401(k)
Huge asteroid to fly safely by Earth Monday
Huge victory in Boston St. Patrick's Day Parade
Huge ‘Super PAC’ Is Moving Early to Back Clinton
Hugh Laurie causes stir with call for Russia vodka boycott
Hugo Chavez was an incompetent, communist dictator, who wreaked havoc on Venezuela’s ability...
Hugo Chavez’s Daughters Refuse to Leave Presidential Party Palace
Hull mum raped in front of son and told by attacking boyfriend: 'I'm Muslim and you must obey me'
Human Barbie reveals she starves herself: 'Breatharian' believes she can live off...
Human Events/Gravis S.C. poll: Trouble for Graham
Human Events: Rep. Darrell Issa 'Conservative of the Year'
Human Nature on Campus
Human Rights Advocates Blast Hillary Clinton
Human Rights Group Slams Mariah Carey for Concert in Angola
Human Traditions
Human lincRNA Genes Contradict Evolution
Humana Will Get $250-450 Million to Offset Expected Loses This Year. That’s Just One Insurer.
Humanist group sues to remove cross-shaped WWI memorial in Maryland
Humanitarian, peace loving North Korea???
Humanity’s Cancer
Humboldt County man arrested in slaying of Eureka priest
Humiliation Nation(s)
Humility is Greater Than Unity. – A Meditation on the Story of the Tower of Babel.
Hump-Day Humor
Hump-Day Humor...
Hump-Day Humor:
Hundreds attend Michael Sam's first public autograph signing [NFL All In On Sodomy]
Hundreds in Ohio Lose Their Doctor Due to Obamacare
Hundreds line up for food voucher distribution [A Glimpse of the Future if Amnesty Passes]
Hundreds of Dutch Churches Expected to Close by 2018
Hundreds of Jobs Lost as Store Chain Closes Due to ObamaCare and Minimum Wage Hike
Hundreds of Palestinians protest Kerry's visit in Ramallah
Hundreds of Russian Orthodox Christians plunge into freezing water to.....
Hundreds of cases of potential voter fraud uncovered in North Carolina
Hundreds of kids arrested at White House in Keystone Pipeline protest
Hundreds of teens trash mall in wild flash mob
Hundreds rally to seek an end to violence against Latinos
Hundreds rush to rural Chinese banks after solvency rumours
Hungary’s Fidesz tipped to win big in Sunday vote
Hunger Games and Climate Games
Hunger Ravaged Starving Hordes Gather In Syria: “The Devastation is Unbelievable”
Hunger crisis: Charities are strained as nearly 1 in 5 New Yorkers depend on aid for food
Hunt for Mr Ali: Mystery Iranian businessman 'bought tickets used by men on stolen passports'
Hunted teacher tried to lure shooter away from school (Hero or Coward?)
Hunter Says He Was Attacked in First-Ever Florida Panther Attack
Hunter Yelton suspended for kissing girl on hand during school (six year old 1st grader)
Hunter bags 500-pound wild boar you have to see to believe
Hunter bags enormous 500-lb wild hog in North Carolina
Hunter shoots shoots foot, loses toe in Shutesbury
Hunter-gatherer diet caused tooth decay
Hunters Feeding the Hungry This Holiday Season
Hunters, Fishermen Targeted by Feds for Local Violations ( Lacey Act & Gibson Guitar )
Hunting the Domestic Polar Bear
Hunting the Lynx with the Old Believers
Huron Valley (MI) Ambulance paramedics and EMTs overwhelmingly shoot down attempt to unionize
Hurricane-strength storm threatens north Germany
Hurts so bad that Palin was right and Obama-Media Industrial Complex wrong
Husband Caught Red-Handed in Illicit Relationship With Wife's Sister and Mother
Husband of MTV Star Found Out His Child Was Aborted From a TV Commercial
Husband of Woman Caught Canoodling With Vance McAllister Says 'He Has Wrecked My Life'; Will Divorce
Husband of pregnant woman wants her off life support
Husband of woman McAllister kissed: 'He has wrecked my life'
Hyannis Woman Arrested For Stealing Toys Donated To Neighbors
Hydraulic Fracturing Meets the Walking Dead (And I'm not kidding...not even a little)
Hydroponics: An Update, by D.P.
Hyksos buildings are the latest ancient discovery in Tel Habuwa
Hype-notized: Hillary-Wendy 2016 is “dream ticket”
Hyper-Stupid Things Said by Jeb Bush
Hyper-stimulation is an increasing evil about which we should be aware...
Hypersensitive Liberals on Twitter Try to #CancelColbert
Hypocrisy Over Duck Dynasty
Hypocrisy and Cruelty
Hypocrisy and Stupidity of Gun Control Advocates
Hypocrisy and hope: How the media fools itself about Iran
Hypocritical NFL Bans Gun Rights Super Bowl Ad
Hypothetical Scenario:If Harry Reid Or Pelosi Were Asked About Flight 370,How Would They Respond?
Hysterical Passover Joke!
I Am Boycotting Zero's SOTU. Will Not Watch, Listen To What This Abomination Has To Dicate
I Am Kielbasa
I Am Overwhelmed by 55 Million Babies Killed Since Roe v. Wade | LifeNews.com
I Called Stockman's Campaign HQ For an Update (Vanity)
I Can't Believe They Let You Do That!
I Can't Believe the U.S. Government Wants to Unleash This on the Public
I DO NOT LIKE GREEN ENERGY SCAM, I DON’T BELIEVE THIS CLIMATE SHAM..
I Do Not Like This Uncle Sam, I Do Not Like His Health Care Plan’: Palin Blasts Dems At CPAC
I Don’t Love Guns. I Just LOVE What My Gun Protects…
I FINALLY BELIEVE, IT IS THE WOMAN’S SOLE RIGHT TO CHOOSE.. [Poster chooses ZOT!]
I Fought For You
I Got Covered - Email from nobama
I HAVE DISCOVERED… DRUM ROLL PLEASE… “THE SECRET OF SUCCESS”
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THE POPE IS TALKING ABOUT, AND NEITHER DO YOU (in this photo)
I Hate to Say I Told You So (But I predicted this gay revolution)
I Have Never Seen Minus 11 In My Life !
I Have an Interesting Situation and need advice
I Knew Chicago Was A Great City, But I Had No Idea It Looked This Stunning
I Look Down On Young Women With Husbands And Kids And I’m Not Sorry
I Looked Up The Fastest-Growing Jobs In America, And Boy Was It Depressing
I Love NY. NY Doesn’t Love Me
I Made a Mistake
I Promised My Daughter That My Fellow Freepers Would Help My Granddaughter
I Read Sarah Palin's New Book About the War on Christmas. Here's What I Learned (Hurl Alert)
I Reckon We Can Get Rid of Boehner Soon- but Replaced by Whom?
I Sincerely Hope The Guy Is Wearing An Athletic Supporter
I Support Phil Robertson—with One Reservation
I WANT TEXAS TO SECEDE FROM THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT. THERE IS NO PROOF WE CAN'T DO IT.
I Want Hillary Elected President? (Rush Has The Low Information Voter Figured Out)
I Want a Sugar Mommy.
I Want to Host ESPN's 'SportsCenter' When I Retire
I Was An NFL Player Until I Was Fired By Two Cowards And A Bigot
I Will Not Implement, Comply . . . (MD letter to Aetna)
I am Pulling for George Zimmerman
I am Sending 20.14 to SarahPac on Tuesday, February 11th, 2014.
I am calling to the Remnant ones torn away ! [charismatic caucus]
I am done, whatever (VANITY)
I am offline (in case no one's noticed)
I asked Jim if we could start an AA thread to help those of us who are suffering.
I can clone John Lennon from his tooth, Canadian dentist claims
I can't possibly be the only one who thought this about the U.S. Olympic teams uniform...
I dare liberals to buy a McDonald’s franchise, and pay the workers $15 an hour
I didn't think I'd win either (chance to meet Obama)
I don't always have a goofy grin on my face, but when I do...
I don't think this should count as a Photoshop fail, because it's a win for truth...
I gave my husband a kidney, then he dumped me...
I got a donation request in the mail from "Americans For Responsible Solutions" PAC
I got a job......
I had one of those “Thank God for the NRA” moments today
I have a question on government and the birth control as a right issue?
I have a question...
I have no idea if this stat about MSNBC is true, but it sure sounds right...
I hope, somehow, that all 7 mil. Obamacare "signups" get this achievement award I made for them
I just Dumped Firefox
I just got robo-polled
I know who the Democrats are going to run in 2016 ~ Vanity
I love Michigan...
I met some Democrats yesterday
I miss my Dad today... But it was a good day!
I need help
I need ideas for a bumper sticker against Carol Che-Porter
I need prayer update
I need to buy a new globe
I ran the CIA interrogation program. No matter what the Senate report says, I know it worked.
I rescind my consent to be governed
I saw an amazing sight this morning.
I spent 14 years in the NFL. Here’s why I’m quitting Congress after four.
I still get emotional about the JFK assassination 50 years later
I think there's a new face to politics. (Vanity)
I want a girl like the girls on Fox News
I want you to listen again to this rant, but this time more carefully
I was forced to survive on bread and water in Russian prison because it didn't serve vegetarian...
I was just surfing through the Sochi web shop......
I will be on RT's Thom Hartmann Show tonight at 7pm EST
I wonder if liberals have found a way around this brain-stumper...
I wonder who's Kissinger now? Rice does Benghazi dodge
I worked on the US drone program. The public should know what really goes on
I'd vote 'yes' on Keystone pipeline: Warren Buffett
I'll be on "Bill Martinez Live" at 10:30AM eastern today.
I'm Bored. So here is a picture of Mr. Bacon Head
I'm a socialist but, as an NHS doctor
I'm asking you, and here's why: [email from nobama]
I'm not a superman, Pope Francis says
I'm on the ballot against Boehner! - vanity
I'm quitting my job. Thanks Obamacare! (CNN/Yahoo Propaganda)
I'm sure it's a coincidence these massive potholes are located in cities under liberal tyranny...
I'm through with Bill
I'm tired of liberals and I think others are, too.
I'm waiting months to see a specialist. What can I do?
I've Been Trying Since November—But I Still Can't Sign Up for Obamacare
I've Received a Copyright Infringement Notice at my business..what do I do?
I, Gamecock, completed RICO and will become Catholic next week.
I-95 Corridor Target of Sunday-Monday Storm
I-Team Uncovers Veterans Privacy Breach
I-Team: Children's Charity Loses Millions on Real Estate (KARS 4 KIDS)
I-VAWA: Biting the Cultural Imperialism that Feeds You [feminism gone wild]
IAEA visits Iranian mine as part of nuclear transparency pact
IAF will buy 14 Tejas squadrons, lowering costs
IAI Unveils Latest Heron UAV (Israel)
IBM Demonstrates Graphene-Powered RF Processor.
IBM Employees Fear Company Will Begin Up To 13,000 Layoffs Tomorrow
IBM layoffs strike first in India; workers describe cuts as 'slaughter' and 'massive'
IBM mainframe, tech’s ‘dinosaur,’ turns 50
IBM to combine Solar Thermal with Photovoltaic. Result. Power for Under 10 cents per KwH
IBM to invest $1 billion to create new business unit for Watson
IBM's Watson: Designed to Learn Like a Human
IBM’s Scientific Breakthrough Could Enable Lower-Cost High-Performance Big Data Systems.
ICE Data Shows Mexicans Get Special Treatment
ICE Union Boss Urges GOP: Don’t Ignore Immigration Officers [Border Agents Mad at Obama?]
ICE director defends transport of illegal immigrant children as 'appropriate and legal'
ICE released 68,000 illegal immigrants with criminal records last year
ICYMI: Vote Fraud Caught on Camera
ID's required to attend NAACP rally to protest voter ID requirements
ID: Scofflaw Universities
ID:Campus Carry Coming
ID:Campus Carry Reform Waits on Governor's Signature
ID:Effective Nullification of Federal Confiscation goes to Governor Otter
ID:Governor Otter Signs Campus Carry
IDF Shoots Rock Thrower Dead
IDF Uncovers Massive Weapons Cache
IDF captures Iranian Ship Carrying Advanced Rockets For Gaza
IDF introduces mobile radar for infantry and armored units
IDF, far-right settlers clash during razing of illegal structures in West Bank
IDPA Competition: "It’s Like a Lay's Potato Chip, You Can’t Just Have One"
IEA Calls for ‘Radical’ Action to Curb Coal Emissions (*barf*)
IEA Sees Oil Use Rising As Global Growth Picks Up
IF IT'S NOT A RUNAWAY, IT'S NOT A REAL GRAND JURY (Do "The People" Own 5th Amendment Grand Jury?)
IF OBAMA HAD A GRANDFATHER
IF YOU THINK YOUR VOTE COUNTS
IFC Helps Ukrainian Poultry Producer Take Flight [2013 article, IFC in Ukraine since 1993]
IG for Afghanistan paints grim picture of possible narco-criminal state
IG: SSA Sent Estimated $1 Million in Improper Payments to Prisoners
IIHF will change rule after disallowed goal in USA-Russia game
IL Common Core School Assignment Requires Parents to Self-Identify as Conservative or Liberal
IL Democrat Introduces Bill to Register All Firearms
IL:Federal Court Strikes Down Ban on Chicago Gun Stores as Unconstitutional
IL:Police: Robber killed by clerk after exchange of gunfire
IL:St. Charles Twp. homeowner shoots intruder
ILLEGAL ALIEN With Violent Criminal Past Stabs Texas Woman To Death
IMF Paper: Debt-Ridden Western Nations May Resort to ‘Financial Repression’
IMF paper warns of 'savings tax' and mass write-offs as West's debt hits 200-year high
IMF throws Ukraine financial lifeline, Russia growth slumps
IMF's Property Tax Hike Proposal Comes True With UK Imposing "Mansion Tax" As Soon As This Year
IMF's World Tax Is a Puzzling Ploy
IMF, UN officials among 21 killed in Kabul suicide attack
IMMIGRATION DEBATE CLEARS PROCEDURAL SENATE HURDLE (2013 Cornyn Cloture vote for Amnesty)
IMMIGRATION EXPERT: PAUL RYAN MOST 'OPEN BORDERS PERSON IN CONGRESS'
IMPD arrests man in snowball fight shooting
IN THE FACE OF EVIL: REAGAN'S WAR IN WORDS AND DEED
IN TRYING TO SMEAR ALEC, WASHPO LIBERAL GETS IT WRONG
IN: Buffie “Mouthy” McFadyen Will Run for CD3 ( Colorado )
IN: Governor Pence Signs Gun Law Reform
IN: Gun Reforms Arrive on Governor Pence's Desk
IN: Victim of Gun Crime Waits For Governor to Sign Reform
IN:Gun Reforms Pass House and Senate, next to Governor
IN:Intruder shot and killed by homeowner
IN:Reform of Gun Law Goes to Senate/House Conference Committee
IN:Terre Haute Man Held At Gun Point By Homeowner During Clay County Burglary
INS Vikramaditya enters Indian Navy's area of operation
INTERVIEW: Pelletier Family Reacts After MA Takes Permanent Custody
INTERVIEW: TODD PALIN ON SEEKING ANOTHER IRON DOG CROWN WITH NEW RACE PARTNER
IOC President Thomas Bach singles out Ukrainian win as standout moment
IOC President takes verbal jab at former President Bush
IPAs for People Who Don't Like IPAs
IPCC Insider Rejects Global-Warming Report: Says Alarmism is Without Basis
IPCC silently slashes its global warming predictions in the AR5 final draft
IPCC’s Report on Climate Change: Myths & Realities
IRA Confiscation: It's Happening
IRA rollover ruling stuns advisers and savers (govt changing the rules after the fact again)
IRA terrorists 'plotted to kill Prince Philip with two bombs targeting Australian motorcade..
IRAN, A NUCLEAR STATE: ISRAEL’S FORMER AMAN CHIEF CONCURS WITH FORMER CIA HEAD.
IRELAND: Anglican Canon Taken to Task over Doctrine of Original Sin
IRGC Commander: Iran’s Finger on Trigger to Destroy Zionist Regime
IRISH REFUSE TO OUST AXIS ENVOYS, DENYING THEY SPY ON OUR TROOPS (3/11/44)
IRS 'trusted partner' joined at hip with La Raza
IRS Audit For Cancer Patient Choosing Death Over ObamaCare
IRS Complains About Low Resources
IRS Confirms Capital Asset Rules, but Are They Realistic for Small Transactions?
IRS Emails: Lerner Too 'Unpredictable' to Testify in Probe
IRS Employees to Get Bonuses
IRS Floats Strict Rules for Political Groups Before 2014 Midterm Elections
IRS Goes After Obamacare Whistleblowers: An Interview with C. Steven Tucker
IRS Has No Strategy for Fraudulent Obamacare Tax Credits
IRS Insider Blows Lid Off “Culture of Corruption”
IRS Off the Hook: No Criminal Charges Over Tea Party Targeting
IRS Offers Affordable Care Act Tips (Husseincare's Individual Shared Responsibility Payment)
IRS Official Who Targeted Tea Party Wanted to Work for Obama SuperPAC
IRS Officials Created a New Entitlement Program, Because They Felt Like It
IRS Proposes New Rules To Regulate Non-Profit Political Activity
IRS Puts Damper On Newer Types Of Energy Partnerships
IRS Reorganizes Division at Center of Controversy
IRS Rules Bitcoin Is Property (Not Currency)
IRS Scandal Continues With More Lies
IRS Scandal Timeline
IRS Sets Sights on Secret Hollywood Conservative Group
IRS Targeting and 2014
IRS Targets Hollywood Conservatives
IRS Wants Gaza Caravan-Tied Charity's Status Stripped
IRS Warns: Obamacare Tax Must Be Paid with Tax Return
IRS agents’ testimony: NO progressive groups were targeted by IRS
IRS chief: Producing documents could take years
IRS doubles down on lawbreaking with regulation to kill free speech
IRS employees to receive bonuses
IRS employs former cop convicted of FBI snooping
IRS hearing explodes, Republicans inch toward contempt
IRS hearings: ‘This scandal is not over. The lying has not stopped.’
IRS is overwhelmed by tax return identity theft (Wasserman Schultz on the case)
IRS rules change seen as limiting free speech for nonprofit organizations
IRS should create, adopt U.S. taxpayer bill of rights -Watchdog
IRS targeting of political speech is no accident
IRS to Olympic Champions: "Where’s Our Share of Your Gold?"
IRS to Provide Congress with All Lerner Emails Since Targeting Began
IRS to give up, release all Lerner e-mails, documents
IRS to turn over Lerner emails in tea party targeting probe
IRS under fire: Vote for Obama stickers plaster offices [Dallas]
IRS under fire: Vote for Obama stickers, campaign cheerleading commonplace
IRS using Google Maps to spy on taxpayers
IRS villai
IRS villain Lois Lerner risks ARREST after pleading Fifth
IRS watchdog warns of ‘largest scam of its kind’ with phone scheme
IRS writing regs that allow it to suppress the tea party
IRS: Obamacare Cheapest Plan $20,000 Per Family in 2016
IRS: The evolution of a scandal in the president’s mind
IRS: Worker took home personal info on 20K workers
IRS: “Not even a smidgen of corruption.” That’s why it’s a phony scandal.
IRS’s Lerner, Treasury Department Secretly Drafted New Rules To Restrict (Tea Party) Nonprofits
IS CHRIS CHRISTIE LESS BELIEVABLE THAN TAWANA BRAWLEY? ... Ann Coulter
IS PUTIN ONE OF US?
IS SEATTLE SEAHAWKS COACH PETE CARROLL A 9/11 TRUTHER?
IS STATE DEPT BEHIND RODMAN'S NORTH KOREA TRIPS??
IS THE LEFT LOSING ON ABORTION?
IS THE TEA PARTY’S DREAM AN ILLUSION? (Patrick J. Buchanan)
ISAF confirms Taliban downing of US helicopter in Zabul
ISLAM: THE GLOBAL PLAGUE WHICH THREATENS THE DESTRUCTION OF ALL NATIONS, ALL PEOPLES
ISLAMIC RULES TO BE ENSHRINED INTO ENGLISH AND WELSH LAW
ISON UPDATE/Large Debris Moving Fast.
ISRO declares GSLV-D5 cryogenic rocket launch a success
ISS, NASA and US National Security dependent on Russian & Ukrainian Rocketry Amidst Crimean Crisis
ISTOOK: Obama’s deportation rate hits record low, not record high
IT TAKES ONE TO KNOW ONE (NCR Winters accuses Little Sisters of Poor as liars)
IT WAS ALL BS: Transgender Teen Recants Allegations of Brutal Attack (Video)
IT WAS POSTED ON A HUMOR SITE, BUT THIS SERIOUS TAKEDOWN OF THE TSA IS BLISTERING
IT'S OFFICIAL: Obama Has Completely Dismantled The Debt Ceiling As A Political Weapon
IT'S THE PITTS -- BACKGROUND CHECK
ITALY: Meredith Kercher's Killer Rudy Guede FREED on Day Release To Study History Degree
IV Cellular presents "Freedom Isn't Free"
Ian Garland claims he was a scapegoat for Operation Fast and Furious
Ibiza holiday jet in near miss with UFO over Reading
Ice Breaking on Great Lakes Could Take Months
Ice Expert Predicts Lake Superior Will Completely Freeze Over This Winter
Ice Expert Predicts Lake Superior Will Completely Freeze Over This Winter (Paging Algore....)
Ice Station "Global Warming" Speaks [Semi-Vanity Title]
Ice Storm Leads to Record Number of Power Outages [Where is FEMA with generators and blankets??]
Ice Storm to Threaten Widespread Power Outages Centered on Arkansas
Ice and snow festival in China brings winter wonderland to life
Ice continues to fall from World Trade Center as pedestrians run for cover
Ice on Lake Michigan proving fatal to waterfowl
Ice storm reawakens Toronto’s inner wimp
Ice, more snow, threaten to extend Triangle shutdown
Icebreaker trying to reach trapped ship in Antarctica also stonewalled by ice
Iceland - Example for a new American Revolution
Icky Theology Doesn't Hack It
Iconic airboats won’t be part of Everglades culture for much longer
Idaho CD2 challenger Smith notches a conservative endorsement (vs. RINO incumbent)
Idaho Fish and Game kills 23 wolves in Lolo Pass area
Idaho House Passes Campus Carry 50-19
Idaho Senators Co-Sponsor Concealed Carry Legislation (Constitutional Concealed Carry)
Idaho could be next state to allow guns on campus
Idaho governor signs emergency legislation nullifying all future federal gun laws
Idaho gubernatorial candidate Russ Fulcher to speak in Post Falls TONIGHT
Idaho state senator calls Article V convention planning session ‘a great start’
Idaho, Wyoming poised to get 80 mph speed limits [w/video]
Idea to Return Criminal Liability for Homosexuality is Logical - Orthodox Human Rights Activist
Identity Of Trayvon Martin's 'Cousin' Questioned
Identity Theft Protection is it worth it?
Ideology vs. reason and a constitutional crisis
Ideology, Affiliation, and the Choice to Intervene
Idiot Sgt. Major Michael Barrett Pushes for Lower Pay for Marines Saying “It Will Raise Discipline”
Idiot principal forces sopping wet teen outside during fire alarm causing her frostbite
Idiots, as Demonstrated in 'Selfies'
If 'Hillary' becomes president:
If Biden ever gets lost or goes missing this could be one theory why...
If China can prop up the U.S. gov't by buying Treasuries, what effect will they have on our stocks
If Christian schools teach love of Christ, what do government schools teach love of?
If Christians Are Going to Complain About The Movie Noah, Then Create Something Better
If Common Sense Ruled
If Contraception, Why Not Gay Marriage?
If Crimea rejoins Russia, it’s only the latest twist in 1,000 years of European border shifts
If Democrats Believed In Warming, They'd Nominate Gore
If Duck Dynasty is gone then here's another gig for Phil Robertson (if he wants it)...
If Europe Hates Itself
If Guns Cause More Violence, Where’s The Exploding Crime Rate?
If He Believes It, It Must Be So [Obama's scary interview]
If Hillary, then Newt
If Hitler Could Tweet
If I Must Sell, You Must Buy
If ID Theorists Are Right, How Should We Study Nature?
If Invading Switzerland, Please Do So Outside Of "Office Hours"
If It’s Chili, It’s Personal
If Max wants to wear a pink tutu and fairy wings, he can: Parents raise their son......
If Michael Moore got slapped any harder with reality his body would tear space & time itself
If Milton Wolf Were A GOP Incumbent, The NRSC Would Be Defending Him (Re: X-Ray pics)
If Muslims are offended by the West, why haven’t we the right to be offended by them?
If My People
If Obama Can Credit Michelle With Lowering Childhood Obesity, Then He can Get Away With Anything
If Obama ever goes missing this is the first place we should check...
If Obama thinks that sanctioning seven Russians is a sanction, he’s living in a different world
If Obamacare is overturned, a Case Western law professor gets the credit
If Obamacare is so great, why does Obama keep delaying it?
If Old White Republican Men Don't Chastise The Slut Culture, Who Will?
If Only Barry Was As Graceful and Adept
If Putin remains anti-American, he need not worry about Obama
If Putin should remind us of anyone, it’s of a cross between the Perons
If Russia deploys forces in Crimea, it would only be to prevent war - expert
If Santa Claus were scientifically accurate, he'd destroy the world
If Scotland Votes for Independence, It’s Going to Need an Army
If This Doesn't Put You In The Christmas Spirit, Your Name Is Obama
If Unemployment is 6.7% Shouldn't We Have a Housing Boom?
If Valentine's Day cards were written by evil leftist dictators what would they say?
If Walmart Paid Its Employees a Living Wage, How Much Would Prices Go Up? (video)
If We Ban Bossy, Will They Take Their HOPE and CHANGE and Go Away?
If We Could Start Our Own Country Called "Free Republic", What Would Our Constitution Say? (Vanity)
If What the GOP's Experiencing is a 'Civil War', the Dems Could Use a Bit of that Themselves...
If You Are Waiting For An “Economic Collapse”, Just Look At What Is Happening To Europe
If You Eliminate the O and a's in Obama what do you have left?
If You Hate Your Kids, Send Them to Public School
If You Led China, What Would YOU do Now?
If You Like Your Checking Account, You Can Keep Your Checking Account
If You Like Your Freedom, You Can Keep It
If You Like Your PIN, You Can Keep Your PIN ... Mark Steyn
If You Liked Health Reform, You'll Love Immigration Reform
If You Love the Constitution, Then Go Take It
If You Think Being Ruled by Obama Is Bad, Try Being Ruled by the Chinese
If You Think Communism Is Bad For People, Check Out What It Did To The Environment
If You Think Pajama Boy Looks Effeminate, You Need to See How Obamacare Is Being Marketed to Actual
If You Think Presidential Elections Matter
If You Think the Godawful "Pajama Boy" Obamacare Ad is Godawful, You're Probably Not Its Audience.
If You Think ‘Pajama Boy’ Looks ‘Effeminate,’ (Obamacare to Gays)
If You Want to Sell Me Something..(Vanity)
If You Wanted To Steal A Boeing 777, Here's How You'd Do It
If You don’t think you have fear of death, think again. The Bible says it is the doorway Satan uses
If Your Work Is Worth More Than Minimum Wage, You Don't Need a Law For It.
If a person never drinks alcohol, how can they get drunk? Does the "benefit" outweigh the risk?
If by Rudyard Kipling
If everything was free: the economics of abundance (Utopian Laff Riot, But Thought-Provoking)
If liberals love Mandela then this should be a debate ending fact on Voter ID laws...
If milk isn't careful socialist liberals might try to ban it...
If not Hillary Clinton, then Sarah Palin for 2016, poll shows
If the "Ban Bossy" campaign ever gain self-awareness they could change the name to this...
If the Chamber of Commerce’s $50 million fails Boehner will use his Nuclear Option and pass amnesty
If the Left knew Christians were coming they'd've baked a cake
If the Obama/Castro handshake wasn't bad enough it was photobombed by another liberal celebrity...
If the Obamas posed for an imperial portrait...
If there was a liberal version of poker this would be the royal flush
If there was a love story starring President Obama it would probably go something like this...
If this doesn't motivate Americans to believe they can be and do anything then nothing will...
If this is accurate, it’s very revealing about Obamacare’s true goals
If we take back the Senate next year, we’ll consider bringing back the filibuster for appointments
If we’re not talking to President Bashar al-Assad, we should be
If yellow snow is made with you-know-what, then the brown snow here is obviously made with...
If you carry a VA ID card, you need to watch this...(vanity)
If you haven’t given up laughter for Lent…
If you knew who was behind “Close-Gitmo” push, you'd be shocked
If you like Obama's executive orders, you are going to love 2014
If you like your light bulb, you can keep your light bulb
If you like your plan, doc or hospital — you're screwed — as death panel awaits
If you need more reasons to miss George W. Bush here's a big one...
If you see a mushroom cloud DO run (but only for 30 minutes):Why it’s better to run away from nuclea
If you still have doubts about the shale revolution's impact on the economy, look at this map
If you think only the last guy is being racist, you might be an idiot...
If you think the sky is falling, check out the prophecies of the 1970s
If you vote for a democrat -"You're A Political Chump!
If you were to invest 1 million?
If you're afraid that America is "too big to fail" then these are the guys for you...
Ignore Subsidiarity, Pay the Price
Ignore the Unemployment Rate (One of the most misleading numbers shaping our economy)
Ignored by jail staff, woman loses arm after rough arrest
Ignoring Terror Threats A Pattern With The Clintons
Ike's Son Remembers George S. Patton Jr.
Ikea Stuffed Wolf Sells Out Amid Hong Kong Fury
Illarionov: "Putin's aim is Kiev and all the Ukraine"
Illegal "No Weapons" signs at rest stops in Alabama
Illegal Alien Suing First Responders Who Rescued Him From Drowning (Video)
Illegal Alien With 7 Kids Got Food Stamps, Housing & Social Security – for 20 Years (Video)
Illegal Aliens Apprehended by Border Patrol Up 15% in FY 2013
Illegal Aliens Create Urine and Feces Disaster in Downtown El Paso (Video)
Illegal Aliens Send Obama Valentines Asking Him To Ignore Congress and ‘Halt All Deportations’
Illegal Aliens Sent $21.6 BILLION in Cash Back to Mexico in 2013
Illegal Aliens Shout Down House Speaker’s Address at Lighting of Capitol Christmas Tree (VIDEO)
Illegal Aliens in North Carolina Demand In-State Tuition Rates
Illegal Immigrant Charged With Raping Deaf-Mute Woman In DeLand
Illegal Immigrants Allowed to Go Free
Illegal Immigrants Complain They Get Student Loans Instead of Grants
Illegal Immigrants Flooding US Facilities Claiming 'Credible Fear' for Lives
Illegal Immigration Amnesty Push Continues
Illegal Immigration Pushed Despite Bleak Jobs Numbers
Illegal Immigration Taxing Deputy Constables
Illegal Immigration and the Catholic Addiction to the Democratic Party
Illegal Immigration, Misplaced Compassion, and Healthcare Reform
Illegal Somali Islamist Rapes Dead Swedish Woman -Sweden Won’t Deport Him
Illegal action by Obama: Enrolling in Obamacare Won't Lead to Deportations
Illegal detained in death of 'Christmas Story' director (Flashback)
Illegal immigrant made his choices; now others join in paying the price: Kevin O'Brien
Illegal immigrant using false name and IDs gains access to D-M
Illegals still get Medicare benefits, but feds vow crackdown, $70M savings
Illegals want Amnesty for Trespassing, Can Citizens get Amnest for Taxation? ~ Vanity
Illegals’ Rally ‘Disrespect for Democracy’ (Israel)
Illinois Bishop Upholds Priest’s Decision to Deny Communion to Pro-Abort Sen. Dick Durbin
Illinois Catholic Democrats and Same-Sex Marriage: A Blatant Display of Hypocrisy
Illinois Conceal Carry Applications Overwhelmingly Outpace Obamacare Enrollment
Illinois Democrats go all-in on class warfare theme
Illinois Electricity Customers Forced to Get 'Smart Meters' or Pay Fine
Illinois GOP Gubernatorial Candidates Latest to Avoid Christie on RGA Trip
Illinois Health Officials Shut Down 11-Year-Old's Cupcake Business
Illinois High School Requires Parents To Self-Identify As Liberal or Conservative
Illinois Law Grounds PETA Drones Meant to Harass Hunters
Illinois Legislature Approves Benefit Cuts in Troubled Pension System
Illinois Loses 80,000 Workers in One Year
Illinois Same-Sex Couples Facing Death Can Marry Early
Illinois Senate Make Efforts for a Federal Constitution Convention
Illinois bishop upholds priest’s decision to deny Communion to pro-abort Sen. Dick Durbin
Illinois governor's race showcases union fears
Illinois high school requires parents to self-identify as liberal or conservative
Illinois honors communities for fluoride levels
Illinois layoffs: Employers warn of 1,000 layoffs in coming weeks
Illinois offers grants to boost school security
Illinois preps for possibility of wolf population
Illinois school handout teaches Second Amendment requires gun registration
Illinois toddler injured by razor blades glued to playground equipment
Illinois' Union Led Collapse
Illinois: $26 billion in tax-hikes later, the Deadbeat State is deadbeatier than ever
Illinois: Brawl Breaks Out After High School Basketball Game - VIDEO
Illinois: How will we fix our budget problems? Let’s tax millionaires!
Image of the day: The Obama 'jobs recovery' in one handy chart
Image(s) of the day: 3D printed developing fetuses are both creepy and cute
Imagine What They've Been Taught in School: Salon Advocates for Communism
Imagine all the sheeple, voting for travesty...
Imagine making children illiterate
Imagine that! Men’s Brains are different (and bigger) than Women’s Brains.
Imams Face The Sack If Sermons Are Politicized (Saudi Arabia)
Imitating the Holy Family: Four Traits that Make It Possible
Immersed in the Season: Christmas Songs Through the Ages
Immigrant Rights Advocates Protest At Elizabeth Detention Center
Immigrant advocacy group calls for Border Patrol reforms
Immigrant detainees on hunger strike in Washington could be force-fed
Immigrant driver’s licenses prompt concerns about required documents, legal risk
Immigrant students seek Georgia’s in-state tuition rates
Immigrants benefit Maryland's economy [Letter]
Immigrants less prone to violence, 'antisocial' behavior, study says
Immigrants march to Raleigh, demand in-state tuition rates
Immigrants need mercy, justice, religious leaders at L.A. vigil say
Immigrants push for driver’s licenses and language programs
Immigration Activists Say Better Treatment Needed For Father Of Toddler Struck, Killed
Immigration Detainees Continue Hunger Strike at Wash. Facility
Immigration Doesn’t Have the Votes Yet, Ryan Says
Immigration Focus of Live Capitol Hill Media Marathon
Immigration Investigating DUI Suspect In Deadly Crash
Immigration Plan: Trust Obama?
Immigration Protesters Chain Together Outside ICE Office in Fairfax
Immigration Reform Facebook Page
Immigration Reform Is a Moral Imperative
Immigration Reform Takes Center Stage For GOP
Immigration Reform Unlikely To Pass Before 2015, Says Rep. Issa
Immigration Reform Will Send GOP Into Electoral Abyss
Immigration Strategery
Immigration activist released
Immigration activists march through downtown Phoenix
Immigration advocacy group infiltrates ICE detention center, alleges unjust
Immigration advocates bank on budget deal to rescue overhaul (Issa, Diaz-Balart Amnesty bills)
Immigration advocates warm up to GOP legalization plan
Immigration and National Survival
Immigration back on GOP agenda
Immigration bill threatens King’s dream for America (Amnesty punishes jobless Black Americans)
Immigration detainers placed on three suspects in Garden District home invasion
Immigration group protests GOP retreat in Cambridge
Immigration groups turn to anger (Illegals to confront Republican lawmakers at public appearances)
Immigration news: Oregonians rally at border, immigration courts overwhelmed nationwide
Immigration officials warn of amnesty ‘overload’
Immigration program aimed at criminals deports many with no record
Immigration protester back at Chicago church that sheltered her
Immigration protester, GM CEO to sit with Michelle Obama Tuesday night
Immigration push unlikely this year, lawmaker [RYAN] says
Immigration rally at noon near HemisFair Park
Immigration reform battle centers on conservative Tea Party bloc (GOP Amnesty Retreat starts Wed!)
Immigration reform becomes a Catholic ‘pro-life’ cause
Immigration reform delay creates frustration in AZ
Immigration reform’s only principle: Job One is protecting the interests of Americans
Immigration showdown to take center stage at Republican retreat (Today is GOP Amnesty Day)
Immigration to Indignation: The Republican Ghost Ship
Immigration, Debt Ceiling Take Center Stage at GOP Retreat
Immigration: Chamber of Commerce Website
Immigration: The Dog that Didn’t Bark (Why no Obama shout-out to illegals at SOTU?)
Impeach President Romney?
Impeachable Obama: Freelancing the Law
Impeachment Lessons
Impeachment push revs up to do battle
Impending Democrat Election Disaster
Imperial Prince Sends Letter to Pope After Socialist Subversives Get Vatican Welcome
Imperial, Lawless Obama Threatens More Unilateral Action
Impersonating a soldier is wrong
Impervious to Evidence, Liberals Ride Again
Importance of the “FOUR FREEDOMS” speech in 2014
Important Car Winter Preps Often Overlooked
Important Week in the Kentucky Senate Race as New Matt Bevin Ad Hits Mitch McConnell
Important change for hurricane warnings in 2014
Impoverished school district sends admins on lavish Common Core spa trip
Impressive 3-D Printing Failures
Impressive pictures of the NUSHIP Canberra, Australia’s massive new warship
In 'Domain Awareness,' Detractors See Another NSA
In 1100 AD, The People knew that the death tax was oppressive
In 1943, LaGuardia Asked Citizens to Shovel Snow --
In 1984 moment, N. Korea deletes near entirety of news archives
In 2013, the US lost 30 people a day to gun violence. Obama shouldn't let us forget
In A Fistfight Between Putin & Obama, Who Would Win?
In A Free Country, Christian Confectioners Should Not Be Forced To Pack Anyone’s Fudge
In A World Of Monsters, Hypocrisy Reigns
In America, the 'wealthy poor' replace the middle class
In Arkansas, crucial Obamacare hub draws little notice
In Audiences on Broadway, Fewer Guys Among the Dolls
In Austin, Castro, Barbour Call for Immigration Reform
In Beijing, Michelle Obama Speaks Out for Free Speech
In Bible epic revival, 'Noah' finds rough seas
In Brussels, Obama calls Crimea Crisis A 'Contest of Ideas' [Putin Horse Laughs!]
In California, Thousands Exposed to Measles
In California, middle class feels health insurance squeeze
In Case Anyone Cares: Team USA over Russia 3-2 in Men's Olympic Hockey
In Case You Missed It: Magpul Industries to Move Headquarters to Texas
In Christ, Our Suffering Is Not in Vain
In Christmas tradition, Obama thanks U.S. troops
In Crimea, President Obama mugged by reality
In Death, as in Life, Truth About Nelson Mandela Overlooked
In Defeat for Obama, Federal Judge Rules Arizona, Kansas Can Require Proof of Citizenship to Vote
In Defeat for Tea Party, House Passes $1.1 Trillion Spending Bill
In Defense of Inequality
In Defense of The Prophet Muhammad Pedophilia PR Campaign-Public Service Message
In Defense of the Working Rich
In Depth with Mark Levin(CSPin's Book TV)
In Eastern Europe, the situation with Russia rekindles some very old fears
In Economic Freedom, Now We’re No. 12! : America slips for the seventh straight year
In Final Farewell Piers Morgan Calls For Total Gun Ban
In Florida, A Turf War Blooms Over Front-Yard Vegetable Gardening
In France, Nothing Says ‘Happy New Year’ Like a Burning Car
In France, it’s now illegal to work late
In General Motors Recalls, Inaction and Trail of Fatal Crashes
In Georgia, 53.6% of the Babies Aborted Are Black [blacks make up 31.2% of the population]
In Government We Trust: The Progressive Religion
In Gun Rights Win Chicago Gun Sales Ban Ruled Unconstitutional
In Healthcare, Choice Is Overrated
In Hebron, Victory at Last!
In Hoc Anno Domini
In Houston, Armored Cars Are Doing the Opposite of Dissuading Robbers
In Hyperpartisan Era, Only Candidates Can Change Outcomes
In IRS Scandal, Begging Is Not an Action Plan
In Iowa, Mike Huckabee Drops Serious Hints to Supporters About 2016
In Iowa, Ted Cruz Embraces His Religious Side
In Iraq, a Sunni revolt raises specter of new war
In Iraq, two groups join to fight common enemy - al Qaeda
In Israel, Ariel Sharon's Family Gathers At His Bedside
In Kentucky, Matt Bevin Polls Better Than Mitch McConnell Against the Democrat
In Kuwait... "Outside Coverage Area"… Means Drunk
In Long Segment Lauding Letterman, Morning Joe Never Mentions His Liberal Slant
In Lunacy, Veritas
In Marion Barry, Mayor Gray gets what he deserves
In Memory of Our Girlie Dog Shadow, Revised slightly
In Mississippi, 72% of the Babies Aborted Are Black
In Munoz Case, CBS’s Norah O’Donnell A Lone Media Voice for Life
In NYC, thousands of Obama voting, upper class professionals complain about losing their insurance
In NYC: De Blasio is All Ready to Make Bloomberg Look Great
In Nevada, the Name to Know is Reid (Flashback LA Times 2003)
In New Video, Ted Cruz Hits Obama, IRS for Lack of Accountability
In New York City, the abortion capital of the country, abortion rates drop precipitously
In Norway, everyone is now a millionaire, thanks to oil
In Obama’s America, Feelings > Power
In Ontario, Catholic schools are welcome; Catholic education is not
In Order to Control Gas Pipelines to Europe, Putin Needs to Conquer ALL of Ukraine
In Our Hour of Maximum Danger, We Get Bizzaro Jack Kennedy
In Our Ongoing Klezmer Series...
In Perevalnoye 162 Ukrainian military remained virtually without food
In Pictures: James Bond's Classic Cars
In Poland, Biden Promises Allies Protection [Obama too busy fundraising]
In Praise of John Roberts: Obamacare is indeed a tax, and an onerous one at that
In Praise of Phases of Life
In Praise of Private Gun Sales
In Praise of the Establishment: McConnell and Boehner have steered us right for a few months now.
In Pursuit of the U.S. Navy’s Next Surface Combatant
In Regards To "Mr.Potter".Who Does He Remind Of In Todays Political Scandals?
In Remembrance of a True Hero of the Faith--- St. Patrick: The Greatest Missionary Since St. Paul
In Research Involving Genome Analysis, Some See a ‘New Racism’
In Response to Ft. Hood Massacre, DOD May Ban Smoking
In Russia, All Our Justices Are Belong To Us.
In Search of a Road to Reality
In Shadow Of Probe, Rowland Leaves As WTIC Talk-Show Host
In Snowy New York, New York Times Predicts the End of Snow
In Sochi, Russia, Don’t Touch The Water
In South Carolina, Clinton forces try to tap Obama magic
In State of the Union, Obama calls for a 'year of action'
In Steering Detroit Bankruptcy, Lawyer Takes on Job He Didn’t Ask For (Kevin Orr, "Uncle Tom")
In Surprise Meeting, China’s President Greets Michelle Obama
In Tahoe, please don't spank the bears
In Target, hackers found a gold mine -- with easy access
In Texas, Economic Freedom Produces Innovation and Growth
In Texas, Search Warrants Can Now Be Based on a "Prediction of a Future Crime"
In The Future, We'll All be Registered Democrats
In The Quiet Of Christmas Morning(The Moody Blues)
In The Sweet Name of Liberty...
In The United States District Court For The District Of Kansas
In Their Own Words: Lenin, Stalin, Obama, and Hillary
In Times Like These, Reform is Still Possible. A Meditation on the Life of St. Charles Borromeo
In Tough Job Market, Applicants Try Résumé Gimmicks
In Ukraine turbulence, a lad from Lviv becomes the toast of Kiev
In Ukraine, Poland comes of age as an EU power broker
In Ukraine, fascists, oligarchs and western expansion are at the heart of the crisis
In Venezuela, Press Ignores Why Maduro's 'Colectivos' Death Squads Operate With Impunity
In Venezuela, Protest Ranks Grow Broader
In Venezuela, it’s the president who changes the channels
In Vitro Children and the Risks They Face
In West Bank Settlements, Israeli Jobs Are Double-Edged Sword
In West Virginia, Polluted Water Squeezes Wallets And Patience
In Which I Live Blog Sarah Palin’s New Book Good Tidings of Great Joy
In Windy City, religion confronts a gust of cold air
In Wisconsin, Big Chief Walker signs new Indian mascot bill
In Wisconsin, you can look at porn at school and get your teaching job back
In a Car-Culture Clash, It’s the Los Angeles Police vs. Pedestrians
In a Flip of Position, Same-Sex Marriage Supporters Now Want Federal Gov't to Decide
In a Plain Brown Package: Australia’s doomed effort to kill tobacco sales. [P. J. O'Rourke]
In a first, Buffett gets beat by the S&P 500 over five years. (But wins over six.)
In a flap over flags: If Scotland goes it alone, what flag does the rest of the UK wave?
In a just world Obama would be the butt of law enforcement jokes (like this one)
In a just world this we would see Planned Parenthood in this negative light ALREADY...
In a surprise, Kazakhstan gets new prime minister
In address, Obama to focus on economic opportunity
In an age of many problematic trends in public education Catholics need to work harder to provide...
In blow to US relations, Karzai orders release of 72 detainees
In busy week, Pope Francis may float compromise on divorce
In case violence spreads to Eastern Ukraine and Crimea, Russia has right to defend its interests
In case you missed it, Jimmy Fallon says about Obamacare what the mainstream media wouldn't...
In defense of not working: We need a nation of free agents unafraid to bail on a lousy job
In defense of the "Paterno people"
In farewell to parliament, Karzai says Afghanistan doesn't need foreign troops
In first, Minnesota poll finds Obama unpopular (43% Approval Rating)
In first, majority says Obama is not respected on world stage
In fundraising pitch, Hillary Clinton says Bill will match donations
In glowing profile, New York Times Magazine highlights Wendy Davis biography
In governor races, Democrats eye wage increase
In honor of St. Patrick's Day, lets remember captives and slaves
In jam over Obamacare, Dems don't know which way to turn.
In liberal Mass., jury could prove sympathetic to Boston Marathon bombing suspect
In memory of AK-47 mastermind
In new book, former Durham DA Mike Nifong speaks about Duke lacrosse case
In new film, a dramatic look at Mitt Romney's loss of confidence
In nod to cultural sensitivity, Minnesota considers renaming Asian carp to 'invasive carp'
In one small Colorado town, it could be open season on drones
In our opinion: In Hobby Lobby case, freedom is under threat
In rare interview, Benedict XVI recalls life of John Paul II
In rare public split, Catholic bishops differ sharply on anti-gay laws
In rural Georgia, federal health insurance marketplace proves unaffordable to many
In season debut, Darvish fastest starter to 500 K's
In shameless quarter-end fundraising email, Alan Grayson insists he is not ‘a piece of nose slime’
In subtle moves, Hillary Clinton creates distance from Obama
In surprise, Steve Stockman challenges John Cornyn
In the Case of My Brother's Keeper, Race Does -- and Should -- Matter
In the Cheese Wars, Call Me a Traitor
In the Cruz family, Ted is the diplomatic one
In the Digital World, there is no Affirmative Action
In the GOP, Texas Is in Charge
In the Midwest, farmers leading the way on solar power
In the Vatican there is a NEW PROGRESSIVE INQUISITION
In the cloud: How coughs and sneezes float farther than you think
In the end, Michael Sam's legacy will be decided on the field [Yes, that is a real headline]
In the midst of an energy boom, electricity prices spike
In the name of God: can’t you people get anything right?
In the very near future, you’ll be able to 3D print real wooden furniture
In the wake of Arizona’s SB 1062, “Jim Crow” is the new “Hitler”
In touching tribute to Mandela, Obama posts photo of himself watching TV
In unusual video, pope speaks of his longing for Christian unity (with Evangelicals)
In wake of 'Duck Dynasty' star suspension, Sheriff Miller tells A&E they are not welcome (GA)
In yet-to-be-published op-ed, Trey Radel says he is “profoundly sorry” (Blames Alcohol, NOT Coke)
In-Depth Analysis: The New York Times, Washington Post & LA Times
In:Move to Correct "Roaming School Zones" legislation from 2013
Inability to Cancel Called a “Feature, not a Flaw” of Obamacare
Inaction on driver's licenses threatens ID use
Incandescent light bulb ban starts Jan. 1, 2014
Incendiary Image of the Day: Equating Guns with Cigarettes. Again. Still.
Inch-Long Cockroach Pulled from Man's Ear
Inciting Violence Against Jews Through Inaccuracy
Inclusiveness: A Harmful Ideology
Income Equality is Undesirable And Unattainable
Income Inequality
Income Inequality - Is It Really The Defining Challenge Of Our Time?
Income Inequality at the White House
Income Inequality: Fact And Fiction
Income Inequality: ObamaCare Call Center Workers Sue Over Unpaid Wages
Income inequality on the forefront of likely voters' minds, poll shows
Income inequality: Among US cities, bigger ones are more unequal
Income inequity a hot topic on California ballots
Income, Inequality, Insanity
Income-Inequality Revisionism: Obama rewrites the history of the Reagan revolution
Incoming Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella is 'a sheep, a follower' says ex-Microsoft exec
Incompetence
Inconvenient Truths About Latest Colorado School Shooting
Increase in wood as main source of household heating most notable in the Northeast
Increased Military Spending On The Back Of DISABLED Military Retirees?
Increased domestic spending may be behind proposed military cuts, CBO report suggests
Increasing Education Spending Does Not Equal Higher Test Scores
Incredible $99 handheld 3D printer coming soon to a store near you
Incredible Multi-Year iPhone Run Ends (Fewer iphones sold in N/A YOY)
Incredible backyard rink has ice-level bar, golf cart Zamboni
Incredible graphic footage of Ukrainian protestors coming under sniper fire from government forces.
Incredible, Shrinking Obamacare
Independence and Joy
India Designs Webley Derived Titanium Revolver For Women
India Is Sitting on a Time-Bomb of Violence Against Women
India May Close Interim MMRCA Deal Soon – Plus MRTT
India Minister Warns Of "The Return Of The Ugly American"
India asks US Embassy not to screen movies at American Centre
India bans Book by University of Chicago 'scholar' Wendy Doniger.
India billboard gaffe as Nelson Mandela tribute uses picture of Morgan Freeman
India close to buying Japan-made military aircraft in $1.65 billion deal
India court refuses to review gay sex ban
India exercises it new carrier with its existing carrier in joint operations
India orders U.S. to withdraw diplomat as dispute festers
India rejects China’s request to search territorial waters for missing Malaysia Airlines jet
India seeks possible U.S. tax violations in diplomat row
India shuts down South Sudan oilfields, evacuates employees
India's Supreme Court Surprise Hinders Gay Rights
India's Supreme Court reinstates ban on gay sex
India's light-weight gun for women slammed
India, U.S. in diplomatic stand off
Indian Army's Big Step in Plugging Gap Along China Border
Indian Authorities Swoop Down on Buysellbitco.in
Indian Court Reinstates Law Banning Gay Sex
Indian Engineering needs Cleansing?
Indian Publisher Withdraws Book, Stoking Fears of Nationalist Pressure [Hindu Book Ban]
Indian UN peacekeepers killed in S Sudan attack
Indian diplomat Devyani Khobragade strip-searched, say sources
Indian luger Shiva Keshavan crashes, then makes amazing save
Indian military among least gay-friendly in the world: Study
Indian minister’s wife found dead amid adultery row
Indian official: Diplomat's arrest in NYC barbaric
Indian scientist develops potential non-insulin diabetes drug
Indian student sues for £100,000 compensation for hurt feelings after box of
Indian-origin Vivek Murthy goes before Senate panel for US surgeon general's job
Indiana Becomes First State To Back Out Of Common Core
Indiana Dumps Common Core
Indiana Ends Common Core Education Standards
Indiana House approves constitutional amendment to ban gay marriages
Indiana Media, AP, Promote Gun Destruction
Indiana University Removes Controversial "Black Santa" Display
Indiana gun permit applications surge 83 percent
Indiana police chief running for sheriff accidentally shoots himself for SECOND time in career
Indiana to Reform Gun Turn In "buy backs"; Stop Wasteful Destruction
Indianapolis Murder Outbreak Double Number In Chicago
Indianapolis murder rate exceeds Chicago
Indicted Director D’Souza Speaks Out: The Film '2016' Does Seem to Have Gotten Under Obama’s Skin
Indira minister’s grandson on missing Malaysia Airlines plane
Indoctrinating Religious Warriors (GOP who put faith over science embarrassing Charles)
Indoctrination - our biggest nemesis
Indonesia Reports Slowest Growth in 4 Years
Indonesia boosts military presence near Australia and ramps up efforts to increase its firepower
Indonesia starts nationwide health insurance for poor people
Indonesia volcano Sinabung in deadly eruption
Indonesian Navy (TNI AL) orders a new Stealth Fast Missile Patrol Vessel Trimaran
Indulging in America’s gun fantasies: Emotional triggers (Worse than you think)
Industrial Heat Has Acquired Andrea Rossi's E-Cat Technology
Industry Expert: After Newtown, Guns Easier To Own In Some States (NPR Discussion)
Industry and academic partnerships report from JCF-14 meeting
Industry marks milestone for hydraulic fracturing
Industry, not environmentalists, killed traditional bulbs
Indy mayor, police chief respond to 8 murders in 12 hours
Indyk orchestrating campaign of former generals to 'convince' Israel it can give up Jordan Valley
Inequality -- Crisis or Scam
Inequality in a Crony Capitalist World
Inequality worsens under Obama, reaches historic high
Inequality: Obama picks the wrong war
Inevitable: Obama to meet soon with Pope Francis
Infamous Mass Grave of Young Women in Ancient City of Cahokia Also Holds Men: Study
Infant Mortality Is Higher When a Republican Is in the White House, Study Shows
Infant in Evergreen airlifted to hospital after being attacked by dog ( Colorado )
Infections Linked to Chinese Seafood Markets in New York
Influential Republicans working to draft Jeb Bush into 2016 presidential race
Influential voices in food movement seek better worker wages
Infographic: Scientists Who Doubt Human-Caused Climate Change
Information Request
Information Theory—part 1: overview of key ideas (article)
Infrastructure, Not Freedom, Is Key to Economic Growth, Says Biden
Ingraham Battles George Will, Fox Panel: GOP ‘Elites’ Pushing Immigration Reform
Inhofe rips 'outrageous lie' on Benghazi
Inhofe: Benghazi 'Worst of All Cover-ups'
Inhofe: Benghazi Will be the "Greatest Cover-Up" in U.S. History
Initial Jobless Claims Rise to 368,000, Bucking Latest Trends
Initial Police Response In Sandy Hook Shooting Scrutinized
Initial jobless claims fall to 315,000, lowest level since November 2013
Initial jobless claims increase to 339,000
Injured Mountain Biker Endures Seven-Week Erection
Inmate Escapes Prison in Kentucky, Turns Himself Back in Because of the Cold
Inmate Pleads Guilty To Killing Prison Guard At Central Valley Prison
Inmates getting coverage under ObamaCare, as states shift cost to feds
Innocent Man Freed After 25 Years in Prison
Innovation Behind Drilling Efficiency & Well Productivity Fueling America’s Energy Boom
Insane Clown Posse sues FBI for labeling 'Juggalo' fans a gang
Insane Wing Suit Flight In China
Inside Boehner's Election-Year Immigration Strategy
Inside Brooklyn's 'Knockout Game' Scourge: Racial War Or Just A Senseless Game?
Inside Edition Exclusive: At home in Alaska with Sarah Palin on her 50TH birthday
Inside McDonald's quest for sustainable beef
Inside Michelle Obama's luxurious $8,400-a-night presidential suite in China
Inside Obama’s Plans to Squeeze Russia
Inside Politics BlogPhoto Galleries Justin Trudeau Under Fire for Ukraine Joke
Inside Politics: Will CPAC be the launch of Cruz 2016?
Inside Queen Victoria's family photo album:
Inside TAO: Documents Reveal Top NSA Hacking Unit
Inside Target, CEO Gregg Steinhafel Struggles to Contain Giant Cybertheft
Inside The Army’s Spectacular, Hidden Treasure Room
Inside The Mind Of A Mad Man (The Unauthorized Autobiography Of Kim Jong-il)
Inside Ukraine: Reader Who Speaks Ukrainian and Russian Challenges Western Media View of Events
Inside Vladimir Putin's Skull
Inside the Beltway: A new interest in Rahm Emanuel for 2016?
Inside the Beltway: Polar vortex fits leftist agenda
Inside the FBI’s secret relationship with the military’s special operations
Inside the GOP's Immigration 'Principles' Showdown (the new game to get it through)
Inside the House GOP's immigration push (Boehner to unveil GOP Amnesty scheme prior to SOTU speech)
Inside the KGB: Terror of the Soviet Union | History Documentary
Inside the Koch funded ads giving Dems fits
Inside the Koch-Funded Ads Giving Dems Fits
Inside the NSA’s Secret Efforts to Hunt and Hack System Administrators
Inside the Power of the N.R.A.
Inside the Racist Mind of an Abortionist #blackhistorymonth
Inside the Republican Database Behind Jolly's Upset Victory (invoking "Pelosi" spurs voters)
Inside the Ring: Pentagon goes hypersonic with long-range rapid attack weapon
Inside the Saudi 9/11 coverup
Inside the White House's New Combat-Era Transport
Inside the abandoned shopping centers that were once a beacon of the American Dream
Inside the military pension cutback
Inside the mind of Vladimir Putin
Insiders: Jay Carney preparing to leave White House
Insight Into the Mind of an Anti-gunner
Insight: After Syria, al Qaeda expanding in Lebanon
Insight: Battle over police pensions in U.S. cities takes ugly turn
Insight: China CCTV Starbucks report set off storm inside network
Insight: How Obama alums aim to turn Texas toward the Democrats
Insight: How U.S. spying cost Boeing multibillion-dollar jet contract
Inslee halts executions in state while he is governor (WA)
Inspector General: 39% of IRS employees not reporting taxable income on long term travel allowances
Inspiring Educational Book - Cruz to the Future™ - U.S. Senator Rafael Edward "Ted" Cruz
Inspiring: Christians in China Form Human Chain Around Church When Officials Try to Demolish It
Instapundit: Domestic surveillance will be a vehicle for oppression, sooner or later
Instead of a Government-Guaranteed Income, How About a Plan to End the Washington Welfare State?
Instrument dealer says Frank Almond 'very cautious' about violin security
Insufficient pipelines hiked natural gas price in Northeast
Insurance Chief Suggests Adding A New, Lower Level Of Health Plan
Insurance Companies Could Get Pinched With Latest ObamaCare Delay
Insurance Company Bailout Could Be Next
Insurance Company Lays Out Obamacare Tax Hikes
Insurance Providers Are Behind, Disrupting Medical Services For Patients
Insurance carriers narrowing health care options in effort to control costs
Insurance no longer may hinder divorce
Insurance-Company Bailouts: It's written into Obamacare and needs to be repealed
Insured patients can save money by pretending to be uninsured
Insurers already calculating 2015 premiums as Obamacare kicks in
Insurers raise cost concerns after ObamaCare demographic data released (Pelosi knew)
Insurers see double-digit Obamacare price rises in many states next year
Insurers under fire as Obamacare kicks in (just like obama planned)
Insurers warn MNsure: Coverage delays possible
Insurers warn of problems with Obamacare enrollment surge
Insurers wary of Obamacare unknowns as they plan for 2015
Insurers: At least 20% of new ObamaCare sign-ups failed to pay their first premium on time
Insurers: Medicare Advantage cuts cost seniors $900 per year
Integrity Lives
Intel Chair: Obama Knows Where Benghazi Terrorists Are Hiding – But Won’t Go After Them (Video)
Intel not opening new chip factory heralded by Obama
Intel ties executive pay more to performance
Intellectual Dishonesty
Intelligence Min. Says Israel Must Invade Gaza, Destroy Hamas
Intelligence failures turn deadly thanks to political corruption
Intelligence officers clear Indian passengers on board MH370
Intelligent Aliens Could Be Found by 2040
Intelligent Populism vs. Mindless Progressivism
Intelligent design theories gaining steam in scientific circles
Intended crime victims shoot, kill attackers in Detroit
Interactive map reveals how fallen European empires have left their stamp on the world's gene-pools
Interest on our country's debt to nearly quadruple over decade - CBO
Internal Bridgegate investigation clears Chris Christie
International Harmony Under the Messiah According to Isaiah 2:1-4 (Part 1)
International Holocaust Memorial Day’s Fatal Flaw
International Holocaust Remembrance Day’s fatal flaw
International Obfuscated C Code Contest Winners Posted
International Students Speak About Snyder's Immigration Plan
International Zoophile Rights/Bestiality Rights Day
Internet Control in an Anti-Free Speech World
Internet Control — Keys To The Kingdom
Internet Sales Tax Hurts Businesses and the States that Pass Them
Internet Shames College Girl Who Might Lose Limbs After Passing Out on a Minnesota Porch
Internet Time Travel Proved
Internet administration to shift from U.S. to global stage
Internet gambling could soon be imposed on all 50 states
Internet providers can be forced to block access to illegal downloads, rules EU Court
Internet sensation Lil BUB ready for her closeup
Interpol probes more suspect passports from missing flight
Interpol: Malaysian jet disappearance not likely related to terrorism: Human Smuggling not ruled out
Interpreter at Mandela Event Was Hallucinating, Saw Angels
Interpreter at Mandela Funeral Tied to Deadly 2003 Mob Attack
Interpreter for Mandela event: I was hallucinating
Intervene? Or End Syrian War?
Intervention to Cure Black Friend's Addiction -- to Liberalism
Interview Karen Hudes (interesting US Constitutions alter in 1873??) Youtube
Interview [Rutger's Alexander Motyl]: The Benefits Of A Partitioned Ukraine
Interview not going according to plan
Interview with Ariel Sharon
Interview with Dwayne Stovall, Candidate for U.S. Senate, Texas
Interview with Dwayne Stovall, Candidate for US Senate (Texas)
Interview with Lisa Fritsch, Candidate for Texas Governor
Interview with Roberto de Mattei
Interview with Rosaria Butterfield; January 11, 2013
Interview with Siegfried Engelmann: one of America’s great educators
Interview with Sten Bergman of StonePower, Author of Elforsk Report
Interview with a retired Ukrainian general about current events
Interview: L.A. Street Artist Behind the Ted Cruz Bad Boy Posters Speaks Out
Into the Belly of the Beast and Out Again
Into the Bitcoin Mines
Into the World; Christians can either go into the world as commanded...
Intolerable black men, &c. [Impromptus]
Intolerant atheists go after Gov. Walker’s religious tweet
Intricate 3D Printed Materials Lighter Than Water And As Strong as Steel
Introducing the Freeper Novel Ping List.
Introvigne: the persecution of Christians do not stop, at least 70 thousand killed in 2013
Intruder held at gunpoint
Intruder scared away by Big Mouth Billy Bass
Intruder shot by person inside a North Port home
Invading Parental Rights, Scotland Moves to Assign Social Worker to Every Child
Invasive cockroach found in NYC can take the cold
Investigating the site of Robert the Bruce's Scottish parliament
Investigation reveals illegal immigrant working as DPS officer
Investigator tries to piece together Holston Mountain plane crash puzzle
Investigators Suspect Missing Airlines Plane Flew On for Hours (Update!)
Investigators find Molotov cocktail, bottles with flamable liquid in burned student's apartment
Investigators say black money scam has reached Louisville
Investing in LENR/Cold Fusion
Investment & Finance Thread (Dec. 16 - Jan. 6 edition)
Investment & Finance Thread (Dec. 9 - Dec. 13 edition)
Investment & Finance Thread (Mar. 23 edition)
Investment & Finance Thread (Mar. 30 edition)
Investment & Finance Thread 2014 New Year(Jan. 6 - Jan. 13 edition)
Investment & Finance Thread 2014 New Year(Mar. 10 edition)
Investment & Finance Thread 2014 New Year(Mar. 17 - nexttime edition)
Investment & Finance Thread 2014 New Year(Mar. 3 - nexttime edition)
Iolani Palace vandal suspects appear in court
Iowa Carry and Pistol Purchase Permits Online
Iowa City ID cards could 'fill a gap,' groups say
Iowa GOP Senate Candidate Gave Money to Corzine [RINO Alert!!]
Iowa GOP Senate hopefuls not committed to McConnell leadership
Iowa GOP chairman stepping down
Iowa House Passes Webcam Abortion Ban; Dem Says Baby Crying is Reason for Abortion
Iowa Poll Shows Hillary Clinton Strong and GOP Field Scattered in Advance of Caucuses
Iowa Refers 80 Cases of Voter Fraud to Prosecutors
Iowa Senate: Braley (D) 41%, Jacobs (R) 38%
Iowa State soil researchers receive $1 million federal grant
Iowa gubernatorial candidate Tom Hoefling: ‘Go back to New York, Bloomberg’
Iowa insurer pokes fun at federal website in ads
Iowa man arrested after fight over PB&J sandwiches
Iowa senate candidate vows to shoot off sister's killer's testicles in campaign ad
Iowa to thousands: HealthCare.gov didn’t work, you’re uninsured, please try our site
Iran & David Duke Salute Presbyterian Church USA
Iran Accuses Obama of ‘Falsifying History’
Iran And Its Puppet Hezbollah Strike Again In Lebanon
Iran Celebrates American 'Surrender'; Obama Says 'Give Peace a Chance'
Iran Court Orders Man’s Right Eye Gouged Out
Iran Delegation Departs for Venezuela, Cuba in Russian Airliner
Iran Delivers Surprise, Money, to Jewish Hospital
Iran Foreign Minister: WH Wrong About Deal, 'We Did Not Agree to Dismantle Anything' [Video]
Iran Hangs Well-Loved Human Rights Activist, Poet
Iran Intends to Invite Abbas to Tehran
Iran Is Cultivating Closer Ties with Anti-American Countries in Our Hemisphere
Iran Is Not Our Friend
Iran Laughs at Obama as He Says "Give Peace a Chance"
Iran Refuses to Recognize Israel at U.N.
Iran Responds To Kerry’s Harangue
Iran Says 'Tall, White' Space Aliens Control America
Iran Steps Up Its Campaign Against Christians
Iran Threatens Military Invasion In Pakistan
Iran Won’t Take Part in Syria Summit
Iran and Khamenei probably never existed. [Attempted satire.]
Iran and Obama's 'Lie of the Year'
Iran and world powers resume expert level nuclear talks (6th round since mid-October)
Iran can now build and deliver nukes (Clapper to Senate)
Iran can now build and deliver nukes, US intel reports
Iran deal 'will lead to surge of oil to Asia'
Iran diplomat dies in Yemen attack
Iran enrichment capacity expanded dramatically on Obama's watch
Iran gets first instalment of frozen assets
Iran is Now Obama’s BFF
Iran launches new submarine class
Iran offers to help Iraq in fight against al-Qaida
Iran rejects Obama boast that sanctions forced nuclear deal
Iran reportedly sends two warships to Atlantic
Iran says nuclear program to stay 'intact'
Iran sending warships close to US borders
Iran to Receive $550 Million on February 1
Iran to Receive $550 Million on February 1 As nuclear deal is implemented, Iran will receive
Iran to Send Satellite to Space
Iran's Arak Plutonium Reactor - easy for Israel to demolish and it just might
Iran's Khamenei responds to Sharon's death
Iran's Rouhani casts nuke deal as win for nation
Iran's leader laying wreath at Hezbollah memorial = Japan's PM laying wreath at "Tojo" Shrine?
Iran's most sensitive uranium stockpile falls after nuclear deal
Iran, Russia working to seal $20 bln oil-for-goods deal - sources [barter, skip USD)
Iran, Sextet to continue expert talks after Christmas (Will Israel wait that long?)
Iran: Talks resolved all nuclear disagreements
Iran: ‘Deal is dead’ if sanctions are passed - "Do not like to negotiate under duress"
Iranian & Egyptian Women Stage Naked Protest Against Islamic Oppression ... (in Paris)
Iranian Arms Ship Carried 40 Rockets, 181 Mortar Shells
Iranian Basij Presents Its Report On Human Rights In The U.S.
Iranian Cleric: ‘Having a Nuclear Bomb is Necessary to Put Down Israel’
Iranian Foreign Minister Questions Western Commitment to Nuclear Deal
Iranian General: Hezbollah Can Target All of Israel
Iranian General: US Pursuing Diplomacy Because They Cannot Defeat Us Militarily
Iranian Lawmakers Threaten to Increase Uranium Enrichment Level
Iranian Leader Khamenei to John Kerry: “Wealthy American Statesman” Should Be “Punched in the...
Iranian Leader Tweets Christmas Greeting to Pope [Calls Jesus "Prophet" of Love]
Iranian MPs push urgent bill to increase uranium enrichment to 60% (to fuel submarine engines)
Iranian Nuke Sites Hit with ‘Sabotage'
Iranian Official: ‘We are Preparing to Liberate Jerusalem’
Iranian Pouria Nour Mohammad Mehrdad with stolen passport on flight MH370 chilling Facebook post
Iranian Regime Accuses Saudi Arabia of Plan to Replace al-Aqsa Mosque With Jewish Temple
Iranian School Teacher Programs Robot to Pray to Allah ... Uses Prop to Brainwash Children
Iranian TV Mocks Obama Over Sanctions Threat
Iranian TV airs simulated bombing of Tel Aviv, US aircraft carrier
Iranian Warships Headed To US Represent Threat To Israel
Iranian commander: We have targets within America
Iranian ex-spy to Al Jazeera: Khomeini ordered downing of Pan Am flight 103
Iranian exile to ‘Post’: Israel, Iran should become allies after regime falls
Iranian foreign minister: “We didn’t agree to dismantle anything”
Iranian general: Obama’s threats are ‘the joke of the year’ (also calls Obama "Low-IQ")
Iranian grad student at Georgia Tech burns self with Molotov cocktail, media yawns
Iranian lawmakers ready bill to counter any new sanctions
Iranian man bought tickets for stolen passport pair on missing Malaysian Airlines jet
Iranian mullah revives death fatwa against Salman Rushdie over Satanic Verses 25 years after issued
Iranian multi-billionaire Zanjani arrested
Iranian news agency reports US has been run by Nazi space aliens since 1945
Iranian official on nuke deal: 'We did not agree to dismantle anything' (CNN)
Iranian student burns himself to death with Molotov cocktails he had stockpiled inside his room
Iranians Lukewarm on Rouhani, Oppose Syria Intervention: Poll
Iranians Pull Out of Nuke Talks
Iran’s Chief Rabbi Dies at 98
Iran’s Government Begins Handing Out Food Packages
Iran’s Navy Deploys to Atlantic Ocean
Iran’s Pick for UN Ambassador Banned from Entering US (But Doesn't Mean He'd Be Prevented to Enter)
Iran’s nuclear stockpile may rise for now despite deal with powers
Iran’s replica of a US aircraft carrier puzzles Navy officials
Iraq - AH-64E APACHE LONGBOW Attack Helicopters (US Sale to Iraq)
Iraq Car Bomb Kills Dozens, Hours After Ban Ki-Moon Visit
Iraq Combat Veteran Kills 3 and Injures 16 (liberals media blames "Bush Wars" on nutcase shooter)
Iraq War Veteran Emerges as Republican Frontrunner in Iowa Senate Race
Iraq considers allowing girls as young as EIGHT to marry as part of new laws that also...
Iraq poised to legalize marriage for girls as young as 9
Iraq politician warns elections may further alienate Sunnis
Iraq to punish Turkey, Kurds over 'smuggled' oil exports: Minister
Iraq ups oil flow to Turkey to block Kurdish oil
Iraq: The New Liberal Killing Field
Iraqi Catholic Leader Asks West: 'If They Kill Us All, Will You Do Something Then?'
Iraqi Government Declares Christmas a 'National Holiday'
Iraqi army bombards Falluja in preparation for ground assault
Iraqi forces claim to have driven al-Qaida allies out of Falluja
Iraqi government declares Christmas a 'national holiday'
Iraqi militants accidentally set off bomb, 21 dead
Iraqi women protest against proposed Islamic law to permit child marriage
Iraqis angered by draft law proposed by Shiite-led government to legalize child marriage
Iraqis battle militant uprising in 2 Sunni cities
Iraq’s Maliki says he has asked for weapons from U.S., will also seek training for troops
Iraq’s Sunni tribal leaders say fight for Fallujah is part of a revolution
Ireland referred to EU court over energy law failings
Ireland's Trinity College Remove Bible from Their Crest [PC Gone Wild]
Ireland’s first cannibal murder leaves detectives badly traumatized
Irish Muslim Convert Beheads, Dismembers His Mother in Savage Honor Killing Inspired by the Quran
Irish Republican terrorists plotted to kidnap Queen Victoria from Balmoral and hold her hostage..
Irish Times Newspaper Bans Term “Pro-Life”
Irish economy in surprise decline, threatens debt-cutting plan
Irish nanny charged in Mass. baby death seeks bail
Irkut Fighters Pave Way For Trainers And Passenger Jets (Russia)
Iron Dome intercepts 5 rockets fired at Ashkelon from Gaza
Iron Tent Curtain Falls
Irony of the Day: Venezuela President Calls for "Protest March Against Fascism"
Irony, Thy Name is Barry Sotero (and Other Ironies of Algore, Life)
Irony: Chinese Solar deal could start next American revolution at Bundy ranch
Irony: Kagan Compares Abortion Clinics to Slaughterhouses at Supreme Court
Irony: Obama Tells Prayer Breakfast: “We Believe in the Dignity of Every Person”
Irony: Wendy Davis Lectures Greg Abbott About Struggling
Irreplaceable Trailer [Documentary details the need for Traditional Marriage]
Irresistable Grace (Calvinist humor)
Irresponsible Gun Owners of the Day: Austin Police Department Officers
Irvine Mother Covers Home In Rainbow Lights After Gay Pride Flag Sparks Neighbor Complaints
Irving Oil to convert railcar fleet, remove older cars from service
Is "expert" a new euphemism for "dictatorship"?
Is 'cheating' Hollande about to dump 'The Rottweiler'?
Is 19-Year-Old Miranda Barbour Really a Mass Murderer?
Is A Sino-US Currency War Imminent?
Is ADHD a mental health crisis, or a cultural one?
Is All Taxation Equal Under the Law
Is America About To Reach A Breaking Point? (Patriots Prepare!)
Is America Doomed to Become a Failed European-Style Welfare State?
Is America facing a beer crisis?
Is Ann Coulter now turning on Ted Cruz?
Is Another Veteran Senator in Danger from the Tea Party? (Roberts' vanity Virginia license plate)
Is Anyone Really Surprised That The System Is On The Brink Again?
Is Barack Obama an Imperial President?(Obama’s Evading of Congress Unparalleled in Modern Times)
Is Big Gay finally losing its grip on America?
Is Bigger Really Better? The Statistics actually Say “No”!
Is Bill Ayers getting ready to fess up on writing Dreams from My Father?
Is Bill O'Reilly Fair and Balanced?
Is Bill de Blasio Trading Horses for Money?
Is Bitcoin Legal? Illegal? a Currency? a Commodity?
Is CAIR a RICO case?
Is CNN so hungry for ratings that the libs there are going start telling us the(ir) truth?
Is California Finally About to Address Its Looming Pension Crisis?
Is Canada Becoming the Proving Ground for Eco-Terrorism?
Is Canada the next energy superpower?
Is China More Conservative Than US on Abortion, Homosexuality?
Is China copying the old imperial Japan?
Is China using gold to internationalize the yuan?
Is Christie’s Slim Down Setting The Presidential Stage? (Lost 100 Pounds)
Is College A Waste Of Time And Money?
Is Common Core Good for Kids and Teachers? (Part 5)
Is Congress Turning Off Your Televangelist?
Is Connecticut preparing for gun confiscation?
Is Consumer Spending Hurting From More Than Bad Weather?
Is Contraception the Hill We Want to Die On?
Is Crimea gone? Annexation no longer the focus of Ukraine crisis
Is Crowdsourced Labor the Future of Middle Class Employment?
Is Cruz out of Control? (Absolutely not)
Is Democracy Dead after Supreme Court Strikes Down Political Contribution Limits?
Is Democrat Leland Yee a Full-Blown Gun-Runner for Russians and Islamic Terrorists?
Is Devin Hester a NFL Hall Of Famer?
Is Education A Social Issue?
Is Europe Cracking Up?
Is Fed Sowing Seeds Of Next Recession?
Is Fibonacci simply a B/S system for stock market movements...or is it real?
Is France about to Change Course?
Is George P. Bush padding his resume?
Is Germany's Gold Housed in New York, Paris and London All Gone?
Is Google about to launch a wireless network?
Is Googlecoin Coming?
Is Government Work A Full-Time Job
Is Greta Van Susteren of FOX News still a member of the Scientology Church?
Is Gun Confiscation on the Way in Connecticut? See the Letter the State Is Sending to Owners
Is Hillary Clinton Too Old to Run?
Is Hillary Clinton on the Missing Malaysian Airlines 777?
Is Hillary inevitable in 2016? No way
Is Hollywood 'White-Trashing' American Television?
Is Inflation Understated?
Is Islam a Race? Birmingham Trial Will Tell
Is It Okay to Hate Your Husband Even If He's the President?
Is It Over, and We Just Don’t Know It?
Is It Time To Update Our Energy Policies
Is Jamie Gorelick in on IRS scandal, too?
Is Jesus Christ God?
Is Jim DeMint the Most Hated Man in Washington? (GOP-E Hit Piece)
Is Jindal the Least Popular Guv?
Is John Boehner Finally Finished?
Is John Boehner Joe Banner?
Is Kerry In Denial? (What Liberal In't?)
Is Kissing Your Pet Okay or Risky?
Is Less Work Better?
Is Louis Myers the Zodiac Killer? Man Says Now-Dead Buddy Confessed to Being Bay Area Murderer
Is Lovie enough to fill the seats?
Is Malaysian Plane the Newest, Human Guided Suicide Missile?
Is Marcellus Shale Gas Production Nearing a Peak?
Is Marijuana Legalization Illegal?
Is Maureen Dowd Obsolete?
Is McConnell the new underdog?
Is Methane Hydrate the Energy Source of the Future?
Is Michelle Obama More Censored Than China's First Lady?
Is Michelle Obama preparing for a self-improvement programme? (Divorce on horizon?)
Is Microsoft Corporation Developing a New Operating System?
Is Mob Rule in Ukraine in America’s Interest?
Is NBC’s CEO a Homophobe?
Is Nelson Mandela a role model or criminal?
Is New York’s New Mayor De Blasio Really a Lefty or Just Another Progressive Poseur?
Is Obama Planning to Ditch His Blackberry?
Is Obama Seeking an Opening to Iran the way Richard Nixon did With China?
Is Obama Stupid?
Is Obama Walking the Trail Blazed by Nixon?
Is Obama toxic to Democrats facing tough re-elections?
Is Obama trying to kill a free press?
Is Obama weak against Putin?
Is Obama's criticism of Uganda's anti-gay law hypocritical?
Is ObamaCare a Success?
Is Obamacare Barack Obama’s Vietnam?
Is Obamacare Still The Law?
Is Obamacare bending the cost curve upward, or is it something else?
Is Obamacare individual mandate cracking? [Yes, it is - thanks to President Obama!]
Is Our Commander, Covert Or Criminal?
Is Pastrami the New Bacon?
Is Paul Ryan Trying To Get a Section 8 Discharge From Politics?
Is Peak Orwell Sustainable?
Is PepsiCo Underwriting Gabby Giffords’ Gun Control Activism?
Is Pete Carroll A 9/11 Truther? [Seattle Seahawks head coach]
Is Phil Robertson a Modern Day John the Baptist?
Is Pope Francis Good for the Democrats? Obama in the Vatican
Is Poverty Really The Result Of Bad Luck?
Is President Obama Delusional — or Just Political?
Is President Obama part of reinventing American civil religion – God and the public square?
Is Public Education Hurting More Than Helping Our Kids?
Is Putin One of Us?
Is Putin a Psychopath, or Does He Just Play One on TV?
Is Putin making moves in Latin America too?: Filling the Power Vacuum
Is Queensland's Lex Adams the dumbest crim yet?
Is Rick Perry the GOP Dark Horse for 2016?
Is Roberts still in Kansas anymore? (GOP may replace Roberts to thwart Wolf)
Is Russia Mentioned in Ezekiel?
Is Santa Liberal Or Conservative?
Is Sarah Palin Relevant?
Is Satan Fighting Back Against Pope Francis?
Is Scott Walker next?
Is Scott Walker the Answer?
Is Sean Hannity Letting the Nutjobs Win?
Is Secession Any Closer?
Is Sen. Harry Reid Behind the BLM Land Grab of the Bundy Ranch?
Is Soccer in the United States Really Growing?
Is Social Liberalism Compatible With Christianity?
Is Success about luck or hard work (Dave Ramsey Video)
Is Taxpayer's money being used to promote homosexuality under the guise of ObamaCare
Is Ted Cruz the modern Jesse Helms?
Is The ATF Using Tactics Akin To Fast And Furious At Home To Undermine Gun Rights?
Is The Light of God the Center of Your Spiritual Solar System?
Is The Taliban Pulling the Strings in Afghanistan?
Is The Vatican Hiding Aliens?
Is There A "Right To Gain Citizenship"?
Is There An Apostolic Hermeneutic And Can We Imitate it?
Is There An ObamaCar In Your Future?
Is There Something Wrong With The Term: "War Between the States?"
Is There Wage Stagnation?
Is There a Monetary Story Behind the College Bubble?
Is There a “Right” to Birth Control? (what the administration really wants)
Is This 36-Year-Old Veteran the Future of the GOP?
Is This China's New Stealth Bomber?
Is This Mention of Jesus a Forgery?
Is This The Best Second Amendment Speech Ever?
Is This The Most Important Selfie Of 2013?
Is This the Future of Same-Sex Marriage for Evangelicals?
Is This the World's Stupidest Car Thief?
Is Today Blink Day?:
Is Transnistria the Ghost of Crimea's Future? (+Video)
Is UK caving in to Europe’s call to scrap life term? Cameron accused of planning to…
Is Ukraine the Cold War’s final episode?
Is Ukraine/Crimea the "flexibility" Obama promised Putin?
Is Vladimir Putin outsmarting Barack Obama in Ukraine?
Is Walmart's WAVE Concept Truck The Fuel-Efficient Future Of Semis?
Is Walter Lippmann really the "Father of Modern Journalism"? Part 2
Is Your Illegal Alien Landscaper a Mexican Cartel Killer? This One Was.
Is Your Job About To Be Outsourced By A Computer (The Probability Is 47%)
Is a Texas Supreme Court race being (Robert) Sarvised?
Is a mini ice age on the way? Scientists warn the Sun has 'gone to sleep' and say it could cause tem
Is al Qaeda on the ‘Path to Defeat?’ Clapper, ‘No’; DHS Chief, ‘Yes’
Is anyone else having this problem with Firefox? Please help if you can.
Is anyone here using the Matricom, G-Box Midnight MX2?
Is college worth it?: Too many degrees are a waste of money.
Is flashing headlights to warn of a speed trap protected by the First Amendment?
Is global warming behind polar vortex?
Is higher ed a job killer?
Is it Clarence Thomas’s court?
Is it almost the end for black and white televisions? Just 11,500 households still have license…(UK)
Is it just me or does Sharpton's head seem ginormous?1 (vanity)
Is it just me?
Is it time for a Koch brothers dinking game yet?
Is mathematics an effective way to describe the world?
Is misinformation about the climate criminally negligent?
Is missing Malaysian jet the world's first CYBER HIJACK?
Is opposing gay marriage the same as being a racist? Opposition deeply rooted in religious belief
Is pedophilia a sexual orientation?
Is polygamy the cause of Muslim violence?
Is racism making you FAT? Victims of prejudice are at greater risk of obesity
Is schism the greatest evil?
Is signing up for Obamacare a legal trap to surrender your rights?
Is social conservatism hurting the tea party? Should the Tea Party focus purely on economic issues?
Is the (Catholic) Church Inherently Conservative?
Is the American Dream Dead?
Is the Assad Regime in League with al-Qaeda? [Team Obama Tries New Line]
Is the Banana Slipping Away?
Is the Chromebook a Threat to Microsoft's OS Domination?
Is the Cold Fusion Revolution Here?
Is the Enemy of My Enemy My Friend?
Is the Founder of the Christian Religion Paul of Tarsus or Jesus of Nazareth?
Is the GOP Already Dead?
Is the GOP Suicidal?
Is the Loch Ness Monster Dead? Nessie has not been seen in over a year and may be gone.
Is the Lord’s Promise to Never Thirst Again Real? Yes! Here’s How.
Is the NSA spying on Congress?
Is the Nation of Rabid Rats advising Palestinians and Iranians on diplomacy? [Attempted satire]
Is the Obama marriage on the rocks? Astonishing claims emerge of ugly fights
Is the President Dishonest Or Ignorant? (How about both?)
Is the Prosecution of ‘Pocketknife Felon’ Jordan Wiser about Electing Harold Specht to a Judgeship?
Is the Solar System Really a Vortex?
Is the Sun Rising in the East?
Is the TPP about Free Trade or Economic Nationalism? [Trans Pacific Partnership]
Is the Tea Party just a pressure release valve?
Is the U.S. Air Force really necessary?
Is the U.S. stock market rigged?
Is the dog’s ‘collar bone’ vestigial?
Is the geological column a global sequence? (1-10-2014 article)
Is the interweb slowing down?
Is the left forgetting how evil communism was?
Is the media OVERBLOWING Sochi Hotel Problems? What do you think?
Is the mythical "five-second rule" actually real?
Is the new Healthcare.gov contractor worse than the first?
Is the old FR weekly "24" thread still on here somewhere?
Is the world going nuts, or has it been that way for a long time?
Is the zebiba/zibiba the forehead Mark of the Beast?
Is there a 'do not post' list of writers & websites?
Is there a scientifically detectable difference between high-price liquor and regular stuff?
Is there a way to internet without an ISP ?
Is there an ocean beneath our feet?
Is this Common Core math question the worst math question in human history?
Is this George Soros and Carl Icahn-backed firm running a "pyramid scheme"?
Is this REALLY time to take a selfie, Dave? (Lots of Photo)
Is this an alien structure or a secret human moon base?
Is this elk a Minnesota record?
Is this really a good time to cut back our military? : Sending the wrong message to our enemies
Is this the Holy Grail?
Is this the first man with blue eyes?
Is this the most terrifying robot ever? ...stares at you as 'she' gyrates to Blurred Lines
Is your facial scrub polluting the environment?
Is your name now ‘banned’ in Saudi Arabia?
Is “cooperation in evil” a sin if it grows out of voting for a Democrat?
Islam allows women to achieve their full potential
Islam and the Rest of Us
Islam and the Rest of Us ... Mark Steyn
Islam terror risk in Spain is high: Officials
Islam to become Ireland's second religion by 2043; Muslim population to rise to 100,000 by 2020
Islam: the global plague which threatens the destruction of all nations, all peoples
Islamic Group Flaunts “Jesus Is Muslim” Billboards in Ohio
Islamic Jihad and the Doctrine of Abrogation
Islamic Law Is Adopted By British Legal Chiefs [Sharia Law Formally Incorporated]
Islamic Law is Adopted by British Legal Chiefs
Islamic Radicals Mount Influence Operation On Louisiana Leges
Islamic Sexuality a Survey of Evil
Islamic Terror Group Hezbullah has acquired and deployed Russian cruise missile
Islamic Waqf Revises History: ‘Temple Mount, Kotel are Muslim’
Islamic group gets OK to cut crosses off NY church (Syracuse NY)
Islamic group gets go-ahead to cut crosses off NY church
Islamic group once tied to terror trial received thousands in farm subsidies, without...
Islamic law is adopted by British legal chiefs [Solicitors told how to draw up Sharia-style wills]
Islamic report: Sharia science proves dogs can’t be kept as pets
Islamikaze Jihad in Volgograd: Complete Coverage and Analysis from Around the World
Islamist Training Camp in Texas
Islamist Who Trained 7-7 Tube Bomber Opens Primary School in Britain
Islamist plot dubbed 'Trojan Horse' to replace teachers in Birmingham schools with radicals (UK)
Islamists Threaten British Shop Owners with 40 Lashes for Selling Alcohol
Islamists kill 15 Alawite and Druze civilians in Syria: activists
Islam’s Plan: Converting U.S. Self-Hatred Into American Suicide
Israel 'gave US the finger' in peace talks, MK says
Israel Air Force hits SS-21 batteries, first attack in Syrian war on nuclear-capable missiles
Israel In Twilight
Israel Is the First Country to Outlaw Revenge Porn
Israel PM slams EU ‘hypocrisy’ on settlements
Israel Prepares for Possible Attack by Hijacked Malaysian Plane
Israel Ranked as Best Country for Women in Middle East
Israel Releases Hunger Striking Terrorist
Israel To Destroy Dome Of Rock Mosque On Temple Mount? Time For 3rd Temple To Be Built?
Israel Will Offer Young Women “Free Abortions”
Israel Will Pay for More Abortions in 2014
Israel Won’t Submit to Boycott Threats
Israel and Saudi Arabia: Unlikely Allies
Israel and the Moral Midgets of American Academey
Israel arrests Al-Qaida recruits trying to bomb U.S. embassy in Tel Aviv
Israel at a Point of No Return – In the Right Direction
Israel blanketed with snow after heavy falls as rain floods Gaza Strip
Israel bombs Syrian posts over Golan attack on its troops
Israel braces as Obama tells Putin ‘if you like Ukraine you can keep Ukraine’
Israel busts 'global jihad' terror cell planning attacks, including against US Embassy
Israel can have peace by merely relinquishing her land and security
Israel can't count on America
Israel defense minister says Kerry messianic and obsessive: paper
Israel delays prisoner release due for Saturday night (4th and final group of terrorists under deal)
Israel displays seized Iranian weapons shipment
Israel drone ambulance extracts from AirMule tests 2013
Israel faces two existential threats, Kerry warns
Israel foils Al Qaeda plot on US embassy, internal security agency says
Israel halves Namer order with General Dynamics (APC)
Israel hands Palestinians proposal to extend peace talks
Israel in 1968 & 2014: The Jews Are Alone
Israel is an illegitimate, racist apartheid state! (Wrong)
Israel jails anti-Zionist for offering to spy for Iran
Israel legally separates Christians from Muslim Arabs
Israel may give ‘free’ abortions to women aged 20-33, at a cost of $4.5 million a year
Israel may pay for tolerance it shows to killers
Israel mulls gift of West Bank land to Palestinians
Israel must never be betrayed
Israel passes law to conscript ultra-Orthodox Jews into military
Israel requests six-aircraft V-22 purchase
Israel said set to accept Kerry’s framework proposals
Israel said willing to give up 90% of West Bank
Israel says seized Gaza-bound rocket shipment from Iran
Israel seeks to buy German missile boats to protect offshore gas
Israel shoots down Gaza rockets, responds with air strikes
Israel tightens airspace security after jet’s disappearance
Israel to Abbas: No, Jesus was not a Palestinian
Israel to fund all abortions for women 20-33 starting next year
Israel to pay for 10 Plagues?
Israel to roll out laser defense system
Israel unveils tribute to gay victims of Nazis
Israel unveils unmanned combat marine system
Israel ‘Deeply Disappointed’ by Kerry’s Remarks on Peace Talks
Israel's Defense Ministry won't identify arms clients
Israel's New Conflict: Battle Over Sustained Energy Policy
Israel's Wildcard: The Man Who Could Stop The Peace Process
Israel's ex-PM Ehud Olmert convicted of bribery
Israel, India agree on missile defense system against China, Pakistan nuclear strikes
Israel: 8 Jews killed leaving Iran in the 1990s
Israel: An LED Light Unto the Nations: Save America, no nation celebrates entrepreneurship more
Israel: Cyber Is A Bigger Revolution In Warfare Than Gunpowder
Israel: More popular than ever in U.S., and not as isolated as you think
Israeli Apartheid’ – the new form of anti-Semitism
Israeli Couple Saved From Mob in Kiev
Israeli DM: 'We Can't Depend on US Concerning Iran’
Israeli Defense Minister to Kerry: 'Leave Us in Peace' (Slams Kerry)
Israeli Defense Minister: Iran Has Terror Infrastructure in Central, South America
Israeli Defense Minister: Kerry is 'Obsessive,' "Messianic'
Israeli Defense Minister: Kerry is 'Obsessive,' 'Messianic'
Israeli Hackers Strike Back at Anonymous OpIsrael, Expose Participants With Their Own Webcams
Israeli Intel Minister on Kerry Statements: 'Offensive, Unfair, Insufferable'
Israeli Leaders Slam Kerry--Again
Israeli Ministers Say Retaking Gaza is Only Way to Stop Rockets
Israeli Navy Captures Iranian Boat Loaded With Syrian Missiles Destined for Gaza
Israeli P.M. Netanyahu backs out of Mandela funeral
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu, Gov. Brown Sign Pro-Business Pact in Silicon Valley
Israeli Radio Host Proves Roger Waters’ Hypocrisy
Israeli Settlement Plan Derailed Peace Talks, Kerry Says
Israeli Settlers Mock Kerry’s Peacemaking With Spoof Video
Israeli Strike Destroyed Missiles Potentially More Powerful...
Israeli abortion expansion leaves nation morally ‘in shreds’: Jewish pro-life group
Israeli defense minister apologizes for calling U.S. ´weak´
Israeli demand sparks ‘Jewish state’ debate
Israeli former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon’s health 'worsens' (a matter of days)
Israeli injured after Palestinian hurls explosive at Bethlehem holy site
Israeli minister Ariel: Pollard wouldn't want to be freed for Palestinian prisoners
Israeli minister calls for Gaza takeover as militants launch missile barrage
Israeli officials demand end to US snoop-ops following email interception of former leaders
Israeli settlers mock Kerry’s peacemaking with spoof video
Israeli settlers’ archaeology tourism challenges Palestinian history
Israeli study: Breastfeeding can significantly reduce risk of children getting cancer
Israeli tech preferred over Russian for Indian carrier
Israeli travelers restricted by cruise line
Israeli-Palestinian tensions shoot up
Israelis Detained on Board Norwegian Jade as Cruise Ship Docked in Port of Tunis
Israel’s Big Gusher: The Next Middle East Energy Power House
Israel’s Commercial Jets Will Soon Be Firing Lasers
Israel’s F-35s will Carry the Spice 1000 Guided Weapons
Israel’s Time’s Running Out, Mr. President, or Yours?
Israel’s Worst Enemy: Lies and Myths
Issa Charges Sebelius With “Criminal Obstruction” of Obamacare Investigation
Issa Charges Sebelius with Criminal Obstruction of HealthCare.gov Investigation
Issa Introduces Bill to Stop Military Pension Cuts
Issa Report Slams Dem Collaboration with the IRS
Issa Rips CIA Over Feinstein Spying Allegations: 'Treason'
Issa apologizes, skirts censure Vista rep says he has personally apologized for cutting
Issa pens scathing letter to Cummings as IRS feud escalates
Issa report: IRS applied ‘systematic scrutiny’ only to conservative groups
Issa says committee could consider holding Lerner in contempt next week
Issa to Cummings: You’re wrong. We can hold Lois Lerner in contempt
Issa to Megyn Kelly: Cummings Threw a ‘Hissy Fit,’ Racist Accusation Beneath Response
Issa to Sebelius: Telling Contractors to Stonewall Congress Is 'Criminal Obstruction'
Issa: ACA Navigators Coax Applicants to Lie, Get Subsidies
Issa: There Will Be More Than 2.5 Million Jobs Lost Due to ObamaCare By the Next Election
Issue Analysis: Arizona Bill Does Not Give Businesses License to Discriminate Against Gays [Truth!]
Issues of corruption, fraud in investor-visa program date back two decades
It Always Comes Back To Christ
It Begins: AMD Announces Its First ARM Based Server SoC, 64-bit/8-core Opteron A1100
It Could Have Been Worse
It Doesn’t Matter Where You Go to College: It just matters that you go.
It Doesn’t Take Much For People To Start Behaving Like Crazed Lunatics
It Gets So Quiet So Fast
It Gives Me No Joy, But Yes: I Will Say I Told You So. Seven Damn Years Ago.
It Sucks to Be an American: Welcome to the New Normal, comrades.
It Took Ted Cruz Just 10 Minutes To Mock Photshop Obama's Obamacare Sign
It Took This WWII Widow 68 Years to Find Out Her Missing Husband Had Been a Hero (Amazing Story)
It Was Never a 'Great Recession' In New York City (The City Did Not Experience a Housing Bust)
It Wasn't Supposed to Happen This Way...
It Would be Helpful If Guys Like Bob Gates Would Tell the American People What They Know
It got so cold so quickly in this Norwegian bay that it froze a bunch of fish swimming in it
It has started at gun shops
It is All in the Family (Clinton type Dems)
It is time to talk about guns (oath breaker barf alert)
It may be 'the law,' but Obamacare deserves no respect. (Pretty good take)
It may soon be easy to carry a permitted concealed handgun in California
It pays to be Obama's envoy
It won't be long before the victims of climate change (hoax) make the west pay
It' Starting! THE PEOPLE OF VENEZUELA ARE FIGHTING BACK!
It's 'Disturbing' How Fast The Unemployment Rate Is Falling
It's 3 A.M., and Obama's Phone is Ringing
It's A "0.6%" World: Who Owns What Of The $223 Trillion In Global Wealth
It's A Wonderful Life
It's About Liberty, Not Fake Rights
It's About Time to Start Giving CPAC the Media Coverage It Deserves
It's All About Vote Buying: Unemployment Benefits Extension Not About Helping Unemployed
It's Colder? Hotter? Blame Climate Change: Weather Behaves Inconsistently? It's Mankind's Fault
It's Come To This. Selling Obamacare With Kittens.
It's Elizabeth Warren's Party. Barack Obama Is Just Living in It.
It's February 7th, So read Proverbs 7
It's February 8th, So Read Proverb
It's Festivus time in Florida's Capitol! Prepare for the airing of grievances!
It's Free
It's Just Like Grandma Got Run Over By a Reindeer. For Realsies.
It's Me Again! Obama Says I'm His Problem
It's Not Homosexuality or Having an Abortion: CNN Poll Reveals America's Most Agreed Upon Sin
It's Not The State of the Union Address - It's The State of the Coup Address!
It's Official: Dubai Wins New Guinness World Record Title for 'Largest Fireworks Display'
It's Official: Influential House Republican Won't Seek Re-election
It's Official: ObamaCare Puts 'Entire Health Insurance Industry At Risk'
It's Official: Sandra Fluke Files for Congress
It's On: Gazprom Prepares "Symbolic" Bond Issue In Chinese Yuan
It's Time to Arm the Troops
It's Time to Extend Routine Space Operations to the Moon (Op-Ed)
It's Time to Take America Back
It's a Great Day For ME to whoop somebody's @55 !!!
It's a MAD, MAD, MAD, MAD World...
It's a SAD day for liberalism when you just can't tell if they're being mocked or taken seriously
It's a government-approved fact that men and women are different
It's a man's world -- And always will be.
It's a wedge issue: Zach Johnson stuns Tiger Woods in World Challenge
It's all about Obamacare again in 2014: Farmer
It's good to finally be back.
It's not Russia that is destabilising Ukraine
It's not right, intelligence or beneficial rule - it's about getting and staying in power
It's official! SoS certifies Tom Hoefling for June 3rd Republican primary ballot!
It's official, Ted Baxter's the smartest man in the country!
It's official: Episcopal Church's COO says Katharine Jefferts Schori has Abolished Sin
It's on: Cities vie to host 2016 GOP convention
It's over: Jeb Bush will be the GOP nominee in 2016
It's the Desert, Stupid
It's the Olympics, Stupid or Russia 2; Greenpeace 0
It's the day after Election Day 2014, what will the Headlines in the Washingtom ComPost be...
It's time for White House to start sweating over legal challenge to Obamacare subsidies
It's time for some health care bracketology.Vote on the 16 sweetest reasons[and GIFs]to get covered.
It's time for the 109th Army-Navy Game!
It's time for the CDF to investigate the Worcester Diocese
It's time to investigate the bogus IRS 'investigation'
It's time to part ways with the BCS (only 3 weeks left)
It's time to reconsider polygamy
It's time to treat cops like they treat us
It's “The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon” tonight...What will it be tomorrow?
Italian Army officer faces jail for saving pregnant cat
Italian Court Finds Amanda Knox and Rafael Solecitto Guilty, Again
Italian Leader Justifies Hitler With Jewish Conspiracy
Italian Reservist Acquitted in Cat Rescue Case
Italian cardinal blasts 'diversity education'
Italian charged with killing Irishman in chess row
Italian court recognizes gay marriage for first time
Italian family buries mother they said was still alive
Italian gay activist briefly detained in Sochi (former Italian Communist lawmaker)
Italian high court finds ‘romance’ in 60-year-old man’s sex with 11-year-old, overturns sentence
Italian homophobia bill will ‘be used to persecute the Church’: HLI Rome head
Italian mafia boss ‘fed alive to pigs’--- Police believe Francesco Raccosta was kidnapped......
Italian mob has €200bn annual budget
Italian navy rescues 800 migrants from four boats in Sicilian Channel
Italian protester's kiss was 'sexual violence'
Italy court overturns paedophile conviction as 11-year-old 'in love'
Italy's first 'cat café' opens in Turin
Italy’s president fears violent insurrection in 2014 but offers no remedy
Items from Van Cliburn’s estate to be auctioned through Christie’s
Ithaca School Union President Arrested for Grand Larceny
Ithaca police investigate report of carjacking at gunpoint
It’s A Warrior Thing. You Wouldn’t Understand. [David Yeagley died yesterday]
It’s About the Settlements, Stupid
It’s Crazy: Why Do So Many Jews Support Abortion?
It’s Game Over for Keystone XL opponents ‘Game Over’ Claims
It’s January and we already have the 2014 Lie of the Year
It’s NOT just the 2nd (second) Amendment for dummies time.
It’s Never Too Cold for a Naked Man to Attack a Bus Driver in New Jersey
It’s Not Just a Tweet: MSNBC’s Despicable Record of Smearing Republicans,
It’s Not Patty, It’s Paddy — St. Patrick if You’re Nasty
It’s Not Springtime for Hitler and Obamacare
It’s Not about Creationism: Vouchers are about rescuing underprivileged children
It’s Not an Obamacare Tax: It’s an “Individual Shared Responsibility Payment”
It’s OK to talk in Soprano, but not in Muslim
It’s Official US Startup Admits to Purchasing Rossi’s E-cat LENR Technology
It’s Official: Vatican Says Pope Francis Has not Abolished Sin
It’s Over: Gay Marriage Can’t Lose in the Court: A perfect record for equality post-Windsor.
It’s Political Payback Time: Michelle Obama Promotes Pro-Obamacare AARP in 50th Birthday Photo
It’s Politics Over Conscience For Most Democrats
It’s Simple: Fewer Guns, Fewer Suicides [but more data needs to be collected]
It’s Time For Republicans To Think Strategically
It’s Time For The Right To Recognize Reality
It’s Time to Bury Frank Gehry’s Eisenhower Memorial
It’s Time to Draft Ted Cruz for President
It’s a Man’s World, And It Always Will Be
It’s a Very Merry Christmas for Washington’s Parasite Class
It’s a kitten that gobbles like a turkey [video]
It’s an Obama World… Gays Perform First Drag Show on US Military Base (Video)
It’s an Obama World… Homeless Camp Springs Up in Baltimore
It’s come to this: Lefty groups now offering young people cash prizes to enroll in Obamacare
It’s come to this: Obama threatens to veto Republican bills that … require him to follow the law
It’s not about you, white liberals: Why attacks on radical people of color are so misguided
It’s not just young people — women also turning on Obamacare
It’s official. If Australia gets same-sex "marriage", polygamy is next.
It’s official: Hollywood is the hidden “Ministry of Propaganda”
It’s official: Obamacare debuts with more canceled plans than enrollments
It’s the President, Stupid
It’s the War, You Dolt
It’s time For The Tea Party To Give Eric Cantor The Boot
It’s time to abolish the Air Force(Boston Globe Opinion piece)
It’s time to start taking Rand Paul seriously
It’s time to start thinking about who will be the next Senate Majority Leader.
It’s time to stop Putin
It’s true: Government agents are infiltrating online communities
It’s ‘not fair’ that insurance doesn’t have to pay for my abortion, woman testifies...
Iwo Jima Anniversary Remembered Across The Nation
Iwo Jima: ‘The Ghastly Price of Freedom’
Iwo Jima’s Marines: still showing today’s “youth voters” what the real price of freedom is
I’M AN AMERICAN, A REAGAN REPUBLICAN.. Yep.. TO MY BONES!
I’ll Take Back what the Devil Stole from Me. Msgr. Pope Homily for the 5th Sunday of Lent
I’m A Traffic Survivor
I’m Ed, and I’m now a Keurig addict
I’m Not a Child. I Am a Dog.
I’m Sorry, But “Feckless” Just Isn’t Insulting Enough
I’m a Christian and I think ‘Noah’ deserves a four star review
I’ve been divorced four times, but homosexuals are the ones destroying marriage
J Street Activists Defame Former IDF Speaker
J-20 could be as famous as the Zero: Japanese magazine
J.C. Penney cutting 2,000 jobs, closing 33 stores
J.L. Mann Teacher Placed On Leave After Prostitution Sting
J.P. Morgan to pay $2 billion over Madoff case
JAIL THE GLOBAL COOLING DENIERS: @AdamWeinstein and @MichaelEMann must face the music
JAN. 26 - General Douglas McArthur - Supreme Commander, Southwest Pacific Area
JC Penney to shed 33 stores, cut 2,000 jobs
JCPENNEY TO CUT 2,000 JOBS, CLOSE 33 STORES
JEAN-FRANCOIS REVEL - HOW DEMOCRACIES PERISH
JEFF DUNCAN DROPS CO-SPONSORSHIP OF IMMIGRATION BILL PLANNED FOR INCLUSION IN NDAA
JEFF SESSIONS: GOP MUST STOP AMNESTY BECAUSE IT HARMS U.S. WORKERS, NOT BECAUSE OBAMA 'LAWLESS'
JERRY BROWN’S TRANSGENDER BATHROOMS They may be headed to referendum.
JERSEY (UK):Children were loaned to rich paedophile yachtsmen
JESUS IN YOU
JET NOISE OVER WASHINGTON, DC
JFK Assassination: One Month After JFK’s Murder, Former President Truman Called For Abolishing CIA
JK Rowling says 'Harry Potter' ending may be wrong
JOBS! JOBS! JOBS! or, “If you like your job, let’s HOPE you can keep your job.”
JOCKO: I say this, "I BELIEVE!"
JOHN CORNYN [RINO-TX] (Cornyn Parody Ads from KPRC Radio Houston...)
JOHN ELWAY INTERVIEW BY CHRIS WALLACE
JOHN GAMBLING JOINS SALEM’S WNYM (NYC area)
JOHN KERRY SINKS TO CLIMATE MCCARTHYISM
JOURNAL OF MEDICAL ETHICS AUTHORS ADVOCATE “AFTER-BIRTH ABORTION"
JP Morgan Cutting 17,000 Jobs – Banking Has Turned Down
JP Morgan Holds Highest Amount Of Physical Silver In History
JP Morgan To Lay Off 17,000 Mortgage Bankers In 2013 And 2014, Because The "Housing Recovery"
JP Morgan Vice President's Death in London Shines Light on Banks close Ties with CIA
JP Morgan's suspect hiring of Venezuelans (Money laundering)
JPMorgan CEO Dimon says government cases were 'unfair'
JPMorgan Vice President’s Death in London Shines a Light on the Bank’s Close Ties to the CIA
JPMorgan boosts CEO Dimon’s Pay to $20 Million
JPMorgan's Gold Vault Has Biggest One-Day Withdrawal Ever
JPSO arrests suspect in New Year's Day murder of Sgt. Joseph Anderson
JRR Tolkien advised by WH Auden to drop romance
JRR Tolkien translation of Beowulf to be published after 90-year wait
JUSTIN BIEBER CHARGED WITH ASSAULT IN CANADA
JW Gets Map of Military Fleet Positions During Benghazi Attack
Jack Benny was born 120 years ago today!
Jack Daniel's faces a whiskey rebellion
Jack Daniel's opposes changing Tenn. whiskey law
Jack Lew: Congress Must Raise the Debt Ceiling
Jack Nicklaus divulges divine secrets of Amen Corner
Jack Van Impe speaks about Obama
Jackass-Style Shark Stunt Goes Horribly Wrong
Jackboot politics
Jackie Evancho - Dark Waltz
Jackie Evancho - Nessun Dorma (from PBS Great Performances)
Jackie Kennedy 'had an affair with ballet dancer Rudolf Nureyev & so did Bobby Kennedy', new book...
Jackson Doughart: Stumbling into an ethnic quagmire in Ukraine
Jackson Lee calls for unemployment benefits for 'working men and women'
Jackson Lee on SOTU: ‘Executive Orders are Legal,’ Obama Acting ‘On Behalf of the American People’
Jackson Lee: US Has Been ‘Operating’ Under Constitution for 400 Years
Jackson [MS] Mayor Lumumba Has Died
Jackson cut by Eagles follows ‘gang’ report; Jets still interested
Jackson: Gun owner unarmed, unwelcome in Maryland
Jackson: UK 'must choose inclusion'
Jacksonville radio personality goes sleazy.......
Jaguar Attacks Crocodile
Jaguar Land Rover's Indian Adventure
Jahi McMath gets feeding and breathing tubes
Jahi McMath video claims to show her feet and toes move
Jahi McMath: Family says brain-dead teen's body may be too deteriorated to save
Jahi McMath: Mom and lawyer say only remaining option for brain-dead girl is a....
Jahi McMath: Terri Schiavo group secretly leading transfer efforts
Jahi McMath’s Health “Improving” After She Gets Feeding, Breathing Tubes
Jail survey: 7 in 10 felons register as Democrats
Jail survey: Nearly 3/4 felons register as Democrats
Jailed Bin Laden doctor Shakil Afridi refuses to stay silent
Jailed Legislator Defends Himself
Jailed US Army Ranger Wins Parole After Serving 5 Years For Killing Al-Qaeda Operative (Video)
Jailed polygamist leader Jeffs taken to Texas prison hospital
Jailhouse Video Reveals Candid Conversation Among 3 Suspects in Human Trafficking Case
Jails put inmates on Obamacare, costing millions and boosting enrollment numbers
Jamaica bobsled team qualifies for Sochi Games
Jamaica:Alleged robber shot and killed in St Vincent
Jamaica:Robber shot dead on Omara Road
Jamaicans lead Caribbean calls for Britain to pay slavery reparations
Jameis Winston investigation complete; Decision...to be announced Thursday at 2 p.m.
Jameis Winston not charged: Legal aftermath, possible next steps
Jameis Winston's Alleged Victim Will 'Absolutely' Sue the FSU Quarterback
Jameis Winston's Alleged Victim Will 'Absolutely' Sue the FSU Quarterback [Video]
Jamelle Bouie: Why whites support capital punishment
James Avery Dead at 65: Fresh Prince of Bel-Air's Uncle Phil Dies in L.A. Hospital
James Avery, 'Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' star, dies at 68
James Bond 24 & 25 Will Build on ‘Skyfall’
James Bond Gets a New Ride – the new Aston Martin Can Be Yours for Just Dh539,999
James Carville Insults Majority of Americans in Defense of Obamacare
James Carville joins Fox News
James Dobson launches lawsuit against HHS Obamacare mandate
James Lovelock: 'enjoy life while you can: in 20 years global warming will hit the fan'
James R. Schlesinger, CIA chief and Cabinet member, dies
James River Coal pushed into bankruptcy
James Robert Jones, Military Fugitive on the Run Since 1977, Arrested in South Florida: Authorities
James Sherr: It is time we stopped praising Ukraine for ‘exercising restraint’
James Watson Obituary
Jamie Dimon, CEO of JP Morgan, is the companies biggest majority shareholder?
Jan 1 welcomes 40,000 new laws! Maybe it’s time for a different kind of New Year’s resolution…
Jan 26, 2014 -- this is the day...
Jan Karski Day Resolution Introduced in the United States Senate
Jan. 12, 1954: Dulles announces policy of "massive retaliation"
Jane Austen’s Persuasion
Jane Fonda Foundation fails to make single contribution in 5 years: report
Jane Fonda To Be Honored As Example Of Using Fame To Do Good In The World. JANE. FONDA.
Jane Fonda, 76, Faces Mortality With Tears
Jane Fonda, Sex Guru for Teenagers?
Janet & John Save the Day
Janet Yellen
Janet Yellen Punt Prompts Panic: Even a hint of a taper is enough to scare people.
Janet Yellen's Problem
Jang's execution bodes ill for China (Torn apart by starving dogs)
Janitor in fatal shooting of two Milwaukee teens has gun permit
January 17, 2014: G.P. Bush Prepares to Enter Office as Dewhurst Looks to Life After Politics
January 20 - A sad day
January 20, 1981 - Reagan Inaugurated, Hostages Released by Iran
January 4, 2014 Planetary Alignment Decreases Gravity
Japan Held a Speed-Eating Contest for Their Grossest Food
Japan Holds Military Drill As South China Sea Islands Dispute Widens
Japan OKs easing of military-related exports
Japan Responds to Regional Threats With Air Power Boost
Japan Scrambles Jets In Response To Chinese Military Planes
Japan WWII soldier who hid in jungle until 1974 dies
Japan Wants To Help Us Build A 'Super' Train Running From Baltimore To Washington DC In 15 Minutes
Japan agrees to South Korea's expanded air defence zone
Japan asked to share submarine technology (with Australia)
Japan fighters scrambled 415 times against Chinese aircraft in FY2013
Japan has enough plutonium to build 1,000 nuclear bombs: report
Japan orders military to strike any new North Korea missile launches
Japan plans to turn over plutonium, uranium to United States
Japan secretly developing nuclear weapons: Yazhou Zhoukan
Japan to intercept any North Korea missile deemed a threat
Japan to supply ammo to South Korean troops in South Sudan
Japan told to halt Antarctic whaling by international court
Japan's Mizuho in U.S., Canada suits over Mt. Gox bitcoin losses
Japan's WW II super-submarine found scuttled off Hawaii
Japan's next defense budget to post biggest rise in 18 years
Japan's whaling ship gets halal certification
Japan: Crimean attorney general inspires anime fan art
Japanese Airline Sorry Over 'Racist' Commercial
Japanese Broadcast Official: We Didn’t Commit War Crimes, the U.S. Just Made That Up
Japanese PM Abe says he disagrees with Koizumi's nuclear power stance [to close plants]
Japanese Prepare For "Abenomics Failure", Scramble To Buy Physical Gold
Japanese conglomerate Suntory to buy Jim Beam
Japanese diplomat indicted [in Japan] over arson at embassy in Congo
Japanese institute says "breakthrough" stem cell study was fabricated
Japanese jet makes emergency landing in Honolulu
Japanese samurai on the path to sainthood
Japanese ship insurer covering tankers carrying Iranian oil again
Japan’s Shinzo Abe fears unpredictable triggers for conflict with China
Japan’s prisons " Eastern porridge " Even Japanese criminals are orderly & well-behaved
Jared Leto Sends Message Of Support To Ukraine And Venezuela During Oscars Speech
Jarrett Office Promotes ObamaCare to Muslims (March 7-9 is National Muslim Enrollment Weekend)
Jarrett: I'm not the shadow chief of staff
Jarvis the Cross-Eyed Cat Storms the Internet [w/pix, video]
Jason Collins Jersey Top-Seller on First Day
Jason Collins to wear No. 98 with Nets as tribute to slain gay college student Matthew Shepard
Jason Conger is the Pro-Life Republican Candidate for Senate in Oregon
Jason Conger searches for footing in GOP Oregon Senate race as abortion, health care issues loom
Jaxson's Ice Cream Parlour Gets Shout-Out From President Obama After Minimum Wage Raise
Jay Carney Blames the Internet for Obama's Opaque Transparency and Propaganda Machine
Jay Carney: Of Course Benghazi Was An Attack!
Jay Carney: We’re not living up to our transparency promises? It’s the Internet’s fault
Jay Leno Unbound: Is the folksy Tonight Show host a secret conservative? No, but he plays one on TV.
Jay Leno leaving ‘Tonight Show’: Why he won't be missed
Jay Leno was 'blindsided' by replacement, but thinks Fallon on 'Tonight' makes 'perfect sense'
Jay Leno's Final 'Tonight Show': Obama Appoints Him Ambassador To Antarctica While....
Jay Leno: Mr. Nice Guy
Jay Leno’s final monologue: “I’m going to have to sign up for ObamaCare”
Jay Paterno Discusses His Race For Lieutenant Governor
Jay Remembers the Three-Wheeled Car- 'The Shotwell'-Jay Leno's Garage
Jay Stamper Stays In … (primary on the democrat side in SC)
Jay Z's Bling Controversy Analyzed by David Webb & Michael Meyers
Jay and the Americans Singer Jay Traynor Dead at 69
Jay-Z’s Bling From ‘Whites Are Devils’ Group
Jazz Patriot Kicked off of Free Republic Website (blogger tears are the best tears)
Jeb Bush Exposes the Truth of Open Borders Ethos
Jeb Bush Giving 2016 'Serious Look'
Jeb Bush Pens New Year Wish: Immigration Reform in 2014
Jeb Bush Praises Illegal Immigrants As 'Risk Takers,' Defends Common Core
Jeb Bush Will Bring Apocalypse If He Wins White House in 2016
Jeb Bush a formidable foe for emerging GOP field
Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton Talk Education ‘Globalization’ in Texas (Uniparty!)
Jeb Bush defends ‘act of love’
Jeb Bush for President?
Jeb Bush in the White House? He's considering it
Jeb Bush is best presidential candidate for GOP in 2016
Jeb Bush is purposely poking the Republican base in the eye. Why?
Jeb Bush is thinking about running for president. Here’s who he talks to about it.
Jeb Bush takes on immigration, education in Jacksonville speech (Jeb's demented defense of Amnesty)
Jeb Bush to meet with Southern Baptist leader
Jeb Bush vs Hillary Clinton, 2016? God help us all.
Jeb Bush will make decision on presidential run late this year
Jeb Bush – 2016's Obligatory Sane Republican?
Jeb Bush's Son Courts Fellow Hispanics in Texas
Jeb Bush, Bobby Jindal to join forces in ad
Jeb Bush: 2016 decision will come later this year (after Amnesty is passed by the House...)
Jeb Bush: Is GOP elite drafting him for 2016
Jeb Bush: ‘It’s Not An American Value To Allow People To Stay In The Shadows’
Jeb Bush’s Biggest Constituency, the Press, Sees Him as GOP’s 2016 Christie Alternative
Jeb Bush’s Bush Problem Clouds 2016 (6% support in polls is worse than Romney...)
Jeb Dole McCain Romney Bush as our nominee in 2016? No thanks!
Jeb for prez in 2016? The idea gains steam (Barf Alert)
Jeb on Bush Family Name: 'It's an Issue'
Jeb's son eyes Texas Land Commissioner post (Jeb's fundraising plea for George P. - Flashback)
Jeb’s Gibberish: Any limit on immigration is an act of hate
Jed Udall, son of Sen. Mark Udall, arrested on heroin, vehicular-trespassing charges
Jeff Gordon Exacts Revenge on Critic in the Best Way Possible
Jeff Sessions: Senate GOP to Filibuster Paul Ryan's Budget Deal
Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Office asked for help with feral hogs eating up West Bank levees
Jefferson and the nuns
Jeffrey Corzine, Son Of Former NJ Governor Jon Corzine, Commits Suicide
Jeffrey Corzine, former NJ gov’s son, dead at 31
Jeffrey Dahmer’s childhood home for sale in Ohio (again)
Jeffrey Goldberg, Jackson Diehl and Obama’s Targeting of Israel
Jeffrey Katzenberg's Secret Call to Hillary Clinton: Hollywood's 2016 Support Assured
Jeh Johnson: DHS already preparing to implement immigration reform
Jelly Belly Debuts BEER-Flavored Jelly Bean (NOT satire)
Jennifer Lawrence lip-syncs, crazily dances to Santana in deleted 'American Hustle' scene
Jennifer Lawrence: 'It should be illegal to call somebody fat on TV'
Jennifer Lopez to be awarded by [Homosexual] rights organisation
Jennifer Roback Morse: ‘Remember the Victims of the Sexual Revolution’
Jennifer Rubin’s Rand Paul obsession
Jennifer Wexton wins Virginia Senate special election to succeed Mark Herring
Jennings & Koppel et al. on Reagan 1987
Jennings Resident Says Dog Was Shot For No Reason; Sheriff Says Deputy Felt Threatened
Jensen: The premature Obamacare victory lap
Jeopardy's New Game-Theory Devotee Is One to Keep an Eye On
Jeremiah Denton A true hero
Jeremiah Denton, Former Vietnam POW Who Blinked 'T-O-R-T-U-R-E', passes at 89
Jeremiah Wright's Daughter Convicted of Fraud
Jericho (vanity)
Jerk of the Week - 9/11 Memorial and Museum
Jerk of the Week - A&E
Jerk of the Week - American Medical Association
Jerk of the Week - Andrew Cuomo
Jerk of the Week - Bob Costas
Jerk of the Week - CPAC
Jerk of the Week - Chuck Hagel and Barack Obama
Jerk of the Week - Emmit Evans
Jerk of the Week - Gay Marriage Activists
Jerk of the Week - John Boehner
Jerk of the Week - Melissa Harris-Perry
Jerk of the Week - Mike Malloy
Jerk of the Week - Milwaukee County District Attorney
Jerk of the Week – Harvey Weinstein
Jerry Brown resorts to old people joke to sell faltering high speed rail project
Jerry Brown, urged to run for president, won't rule out 2016 bid
Jerry Coleman, Yankees legend, war hero and Hall of Fame broadcaster, dies at 89
Jerry Jones You're a Grinch
Jerry Seinfeld's Blunt Take on Diversity in Comedy: 'Who Cares?'
Jerry Seinfeld, the Racist?
Jersey City woman shares secret to longevity at 105th birthday party
Jersey girl Sarah Jessica Parker says Gov. Chris Christie needs to go further with apology
Jerusalem cannot be sacrificed for peace
Jerusalem locked down by "historic" snowstorm
Jerusalem patriarch says pope's May (Holy Land) trip to focus on Christian unity
Jerusalem,..., stunned: Obama makes Iran 7th world power on regional issues, including Palestinians.
Jesse Jackson - Phil Robertson and White Privilege
Jesse Jackson Attacks ‘Duck Dynasty’ Star Phil Robertson for ‘White Privilege’ (Video)
Jesse Jackson Demands Meeting With A&E to Discuss Duck Dynasty's Robertson
Jesse Jackson Sr. responds to 'Duck Dynasty' star's comments
Jesse Jackson Sr. tweets support for Dennis Rodman’s North Korea ‘diplomacy’
Jesse Jackson Takes on Tech's Lack of Diversity
Jesse Jackson attacks Duck Dynasty star for “white privilege”
Jesse Jackson claims semi-automatic rifles can 'blow up railroads'
Jesse Jackson to take on Silicon Valley’s lack of diversity
Jesse Jackson to take on tech's lack of diversity
Jesse Jackson, Accused of Harassment By Gay Man Two Years Ago
Jesse Jackson: 'Duck Dynasty' star 'white privilege'
Jesse Jackson: Mandela didn't adjust his moral compass for anyone
Jesse Jackson: Phil Robertson ‘More Offensive’ Than Rosa Parks Bus Driver.
Jesse Jackson: Tea Party Attacks Obama Because They “Ideologically Oppose Blacks, Women and Workers”
Jesse Jackson: ‘Apartheid Remains’ in U.S. [Barf]
Jesse James meets the Second Amendment
Jesse Ventura Says He's Hiding From U.S. Drones In Mexico. Well, He Needs To Try Harder.
Jesse Ventura hiding from drones
Jesse Watters at Sundance
Jesse Winchester, musician and draft-dodger, dead at 69
Jessica Dutro murder trial: Motive for Tigard killing was 4-year-old's perceived homosexuality
Jessie Vetter's Team USA goalie mask required to remove Constitution rendering
Jesuit Priest Championed Conservative Catholic Values in Era of Change
Jesuit priest cites Pope Francis in praising Catholic student activism backing gay marriage
Jesus Christ's Disciples Understood Him to Be the Creator [ECUMENICAL]
Jesus Denounced as Symbol of White Supremacy on CNN
Jesus Returns to the Woodlands!
Jesus Would Not Support Modern Day Socialism
Jesus coming to CNN (plus Mike Rowe, Lisa Ling)
Jesus didn’t care about being nice or tolerant, and neither should you
Jesus is 'meaning of life, history,' Pope preaches on Christmas
Jesus is Trending in Communist China
Jesus lookalike banned from darts tournament for second year running because of crowd chants
Jesus loves kidnappers, too...
Jesus of Palestine?
Jesus wants you to judge
Jesus' Christmas List
Jesus, Elvis, and Aristotle: Who’s bigger?
Jesus: Liar, Lunatic, Legend, Mystic, or Lord?
Jet in 'near miss' with UFO
Jet stream shift could prompt harsher winters: scientists
JetBlue, American Airlines end frequent flyer agreement [After Obama approved MERGER]
Jeter to retire after 2014 season
Jets sign Vick and release Sanchez
Jew stabbed in Kiev on way home from synagogue
Jewel Wasps Enslave Roaches with Targeted Sting
Jewish Activists Chase Away Anti-Semites in Paris
Jewish Community Hit by Wave of Anti-Semitic Cyber Attacks
Jewish Home Unfazed by Lapid's Threat
Jewish Organizations Must Condemn Governor Cuomo’s Extremism
Jewish Self-Respect Mandated that Ramaz Not Promote Israel Hater
Jewish activists press ahead with demands to pray at Jerusalem holy site
Jewish groups assail Chilean art school which promotes Nazi ideology
Jewish refugees from Arab lands-Don’t forget what we lost, too
Jews Can't Stop
Jews Missing from ABC Greatest Women in Music List
Jews Who Abandon Judaism Abandon Israel
Jews love Jerusalem more than we do, Islamic Jihad head complains in Iran
Jihad in the Philippines: 8 Fisherman found beheaded in boat, including two children
Jihad is "the most misunderstood concept of Islam," says Indian Muslim historian
Jihadis Are Seething at Russia Over Crimea—Will It Boil Over?
Jihadist 5th Column Targets The Military
Jihadists Flock to Israel’s Borders
Jihadists Flock to Israel’s Borders-Kerry: let’s undermine the only border that’s stable
Jihadists are embarking on ‘Final Solution’ in Middle East
Jihadists release video of British suicide bomber in Syria
Jill Abramson: 'This is the most secretive White House I have ever dealt with'
Jilted husband sues online infidelity service Ashley Madison
Jim DeMint's Little Platoons Versus Big Government
Jim DeMint: "I've Never Been a Part of the Tea Party in My Life"
Jim Flaherty, 64, dies at Ottawa home one month after resigning as finance minister
Jim Fregosi dies at 71; first star player in Angels history
Jim Jones had a village too
Jim Kelly needs surgery for aggressive, spreading cancer
Jim Lange, 'The Dating Game' host, dies at 81
Jim Messina Making $7k A Month From Campaign That Ended Over a Year Ago
Jim Moran becomes 3rd House Dem this week to retire
Jim Moran to announce retirement
Jim Moran’s exit means one less skunk in the Democrat nest; good riddance
Jim O’Neill: Global income redistribution could be coming
Jim Willie: US Dollar Funeral At Hand!
Jimi Hendrix - The Wind Cries Mary - with Edward Hopper art
Jimi Hendrix's Extra Terrestrial UFO Experience [Vanity]
Jimmer Fredette, Kings near buyout
Jimmie Johnson Causes Crash After Runnning Out Of Gas, Bowyer Lands 360 Flip
Jimmuh Carter says Obama “too embarrassed” to advance black agenda (plus video)
Jimmy Cagney in 'White Heat' on TCM tonight
Jimmy Carter Equates Sex-Selection Abortion With Murder of Babies
Jimmy Carter believes U.S. is spying on him
Jimmy Carter on civil rights: Still work to do [B. Clinton, Obama, G.W. Bush at LBJ Library]
Jimmy Carter plans trip to Venezuela
Jimmy Carter says Pope Francis promised ‘women should have a greater role’
Jimmy Carter: Free Jonathan Pollard for peace deal
Jimmy Carter: Obama the Only President So Far Not to Call Me for Advice
Jimmy Carter: Obama-Castro Handshake ‘Was Something Significant’
Jimmy Carter: Religion Causes Unequal Pay Between Sexes
Jimmy Carter: U.S. Shouldn’t Bomb Iran Even If They Get a Nuclear Weapon
Jimmy Carter: ‘When They See That Pope…Say Women Can’t Serve As Priests…’
Jimmy Fallon Continues To Rule Late-Night
Jimmy Fallon Makes Fun of Mitch McConnell Campaign Flub with Ridiculous Parody (hilarious video!)
Jimmy Fallon Mocks Obama in Putin Phone Conversation
Jimmy Fallon Pulls Your Finger
Jimmy Fallon agrees to Rahm Emanuel Polar Plunge [Tonight Show Is Pure Democrat Party]
Jimmy Fallon goes political --- mocks Obama and John Kerry
Jimmy Fallon, Democrat Political Asset
Jimmy Fallon’s high ratings pushed David Letterman to retire, source says
Jimmy Fallon’s second night as ‘Tonight Show’ host draws more viewers than rivals combined
Jimmy Kimmel & Lie Witness News - State of the Union Edition (before it happened)
Jimmy Kimmel Poses With the Clintons, Puts a Political Twist on Ellen DeGeneres' Epic Selfie
Jimmy Kimmel Savages ObamaCare and Uninformed Young People Who Support It
Jimmy Obama
Jindal calls Obama worst president of his lifetime
Jindal disrupts 'harmony' following White House meeting
Jindal presses Obama to address Medicare Advantage cuts during Florida trip
Jindal: 'Messed Up Situation When Miley Cyrus Gets a Laugh, and Phil Robertson Gets Suspended'
Jindal: DOJ 'More Interested In Skin Color' Than Education
Jindal: GOP needs ‘Obamacare’ alternative
Jindal: Too many locked up over pot
Jo's Implants are turned on and she hears for the first time
Joan Mondale, wife of former VP Walter Mondale, dies at 83
Joan Rivers rips Jennifer Lawrence as their feud continues
Joan Walsh - 2013: The year in whiteness
Joan Walsh: Forget 2016, Chris Christie may not even be governor much longer
Joaquin Castro to boycott Buc-ee's after owners back Dan Patrick
Job Creators Sue Federal Government
Job Growth Is Stalled: Can Politicians Fix The Problem?
Job Growth Was Weak Again In February 2014, ADP Survey Shows
Job stream from Wall Street turning into a Florida flood
Jobless Benefits Halt May Be Key Issue in Midterms
Jobless Bill Descends Into Procedural Black Hole
Jobless Claims - The Economic Miracle That Wasn't
Jobless aid extension stalls in Senate
Jobless benefits bill clears key Senate hurdle, over GOP complaints on cost(Reid's subject change)
Jobless bill stalls in Senate
Jobless claims climb unexpectedly
Jobless claims edge unexpectedly higher
Jobless claims fall 42,000 to 338,000
Jobless claims fall as labor market firms
Jobless claims fall to 4-month low of 311,000
Jobless claims fall, weather clouds factory picture
Jobless claims rise to near nine-month high
Jobless claims rise, trade deficit widens on weak exports
Jobless claims surge, erase prior weeks' declines
Jobless claims tumble to near seven-year low
Jobless claims up modestly, but labor market healing
Jobs Bowl: Illinois vs. Texas and Indiana
Jobs Gap Between College, High School Graduates Widens.
Jobs Outlook Even More Dismal for the Young
Jobs Report Highlights Economic Problems In The Obama Economy
Jobs Report is Fraud, Greatest Ponzi Scheme in History Continues
Jobs recovery killing entrepreneurial spirit [CNN Fantasy, There is no recovery]
Jodi Arias Defense Attorneys Request Two Heavily-Covered Events Stay Out of the Courtroom
Jodi Arias: Her $2.1 million legal bill paid by taxpayers
Joe Bastardi Saturday Summary
Joe Bastardi Saturday Summary December 14, 2013
Joe Bastardi Saturday Summary December 21, 2013
Joe Bastardi Saturday Summary December 28, 2013
Joe Bastardi's Saturday Summary (4/12)
Joe Bastardi's Saturday Summary April 5, 2014
Joe Bastardi's Saturday Summary February 1, 2014
Joe Bastardi's Saturday Summary February 15, 2014
Joe Bastardi's Saturday Summary February 22, 2014
Joe Bastardi's Saturday Summary January 11, 2014
Joe Bastardi's Saturday Summary January 18, 2014
Joe Bastardi's Saturday Summary January 25, 2014
Joe Bastardi's Saturday Summary January 4, 2014
Joe Bastardi's Saturday Summary March 15, 2014
Joe Bastardi's Saturday Summary March 29, 2014
Joe Bastardi's Saturday Summary March 8, 2014
Joe Biden Comes to Philadelphia to Sit on Train
Joe Biden Says LaGuardia Airport Like a "Third World Country"
Joe Biden admits his ancestors were illegal immigrants
Joe Biden defends Obamacare on The View (“It gives women a great deal more freedom.”)
Joe Biden describes situation in Venezuela as 'alarming'
Joe Biden is now the star of his very own "Someecards"
Joe Biden says there's 'no obvious reason why I shouldn't run' for President
Joe Biden tells Democrats: Sun will come out tomorrow
Joe Biden wants to nominate Obama for sainthood
Joe Biden, the Media's Secret Quayle
Joe Biden: 'Close to Barbaric' That Businesses Can Fire Gay Employees
Joe Biden: 'We Could Lose' Congress to More Candidates Like Ted Cruz
Joe Biden: 'We Get More Credit Sometimes Than We Deserve'
Joe Biden: Expect more extreme weather
Joe Biden: Illegal Aliens ‘Are Already Americans’
Joe Biden: In my heart, I am confident that I could make a good President
Joe Biden: Infrastructure, Not Personal Freedom, is Behind America’s Economic Dominance
Joe Biden: Raising Minimum Wage Will Empower And Feed Millions Of Americans
Joe Biden: “There isn’t a Republican Party” ("On every single issue, Americans agree with Dems")
Joe Buck's Failed Super Bowl Promo (Hilarious!)
Joe Carr - First radio ad
Joe Carr Opens Campaign Headquarters Today
Joe Carr declares Alexander in league with Jeb Bush and Haslam in supporting Common Core (TN)
Joe Carr: Alexander ad ‘attempt to rescue his plummeting poll numbers’
Joe Carr: Lamar Alexander Negotiated Surrender and Ended the Fight to Defund Obamacare
Joe Goebbels, Move over - The Alarming FCC Incursion
Joe Greene feted by Fritz Pollard Alliance
Joe Manchin to Harry Reid: Lay off the Koch brothers
Joe McGinniss and the dark arts of modern politics
Joe McGinniss, the journalist who harassed Sarah Palin, dead at 71.
Joe Namath Honors Fallen Navy SEAL Sniper Chris Kyle at Super Bowl
Joe Namath Says He’s Had Brain-Related Medical Issues
Joe Scarborough believed to be taking idea of 2016 presidential bid seriously
Joe Scarborough, apparently serious about 2016 run, gives speech in South Carolina
Joe Soucheray: So why don't the anti-smoking zealots care about marijuana?
Joe Wilson Was Right When He Told The President 'You Lie'
Joe diGenova tells WMAL GOP Congressman Mike Rogers (MI-8) is trying to kill Benghazi Investigation
Joel Brinkley, a Times Washington and Mideast Reporter, Dies at 61
Joel McHale to Headline White House Correspondents Dinner
Joel Osteen Says Homosexuality is 'a Sin' but Won't 'Preach' on It
Joel Osteen Talks Preaching Sin, Materialism, and Gay Marriage
Joel Osteen purchases Catholicism in time for Easter
Joel Osteen's $10.5 Million Mansion
Joel Skousen -The Hidden Power Structure of the Left-Right Paradigm
Jogger Found Unconscious in a Park Dies, but Not Before Being Identified
Johannesburg,South Africa: Four Muslims Gang-Rape a 10-Year-old Boy in Mosque
John 6 and the Eucharist
John Baird compares Russia's actions in Ukraine to Nazi invasion of Czechoslovakia
John Boehner Boasts How He'll Cruise to Re-Election, Ram Amnesty Thru, and Won't Repeal Obamacare
John Boehner Cries at Taco Bell Event
John Boehner aide: Harry Reid "unhinged"
John Boehner and Eric Cantor are Committing Political Suicide; Details Here:
John Boehner on amnesty: 'I want to get it done'
John Boehner says GOP should support gay candidates: ‘I do’
John Boehner's betrayal
John Boehner, Eunuch: A country whose legislators allow the executive to usurp their power
John Boehner, other RINOs, Dems Take Hefty 2014 Donations from Shady Putin Ally
John Boehner: 'Increase the Debt Ceiling'
John Boehner: Conservative Groups' Reaction to Budget Deal Is 'Ridiculous'
John Boehner: Republican Party should support gay candidates
John Boehner: Sometimes I'm 'Gestapo'
John Boehner: The Lion of the House of Representatives (but not in a good way)
John Boehner: The subject Obama and I most agreed on at our meeting yesterday was … immigration
John Boehner’s sunshine band: The leader of the liberal wing of Congress(John,they are proud of you)
John Bolton Steps Up Super PAC Game With Eye On 2016
John Boyd’s Roll Call: Do You Want to Be Someone or Do Something?
John Cornyn and the Tiny Elephant in the Room (Rove Comments at Cornyn Rally..)
John Cornyn crushes Steve Stockman as Texas votes
John Cornyn is best Republican for Texas in U.S. Senate
John Cornyn, Mitch McConnell, a cartoon turtle and a talking dog — all in 1 ad!
John Cornyn: Stuck in the Middle (Just one big tent RINO) “we need to multiply, not purify.”
John Cornyn: We can't win in 2016 without resolving immigration reform
John Cornyn: ‘We will raise the debt ceiling’ (Flashback January 2013)
John Cornyn’s Three Pensions Make for One Uncomfortable GOP Situation (2013)
John Corzine Named To Head MyRA
John Dewey was "searching for the State" - Corydon Ford
John Dewey's propaganda by deed: The School as a Social Center
John DiStaso's Granite Status: Sen Ted Cruz added to 'Freedom Summit' lineup
John Dobson, 1915–2014 (Amateur Telescope Innovator)
John Doe judge: ‘Results of the John Doe speak for themselves’
John Doyle: How Sarah Palin became my new bestie
John Eisenhower, Historian and Ike's Son, Dies
John Elway says he applauds Michael Sam
John F. Kennedy's Vision of Peace (RFK Jr. barf alert, but did he reveal RFK was a KGB asset?)
John Heilemann: 'I'd Tell Rand Paul To Stick That Where It Belongs'
John Henry appoints Mike Sheehan CEO of the(Boston)Globe, names himself publisher
John Hinckley’s greater freedom doesn’t worry south suburban chief he shot
John J. McGinty III, Vietnam veteran who received the Medal of Honor, dies at 73
John Kasich’s Calamity: Should a RINO governor with a moribund state economy run for President?
John Kerry Admits That Nothing Will Stop The Russian Annexation Of Crimea
John Kerry Brings the Gospel of Global Warming to the World
John Kerry Defends His Diplomatic Efforts: ‘I May Fail – I Don’t Care’
John Kerry Pounds Fist on Podium & Lectures Russia Again on 21st Century Behavior (Video)
John Kerry Solutions Ltd.
John Kerry Threatens Israel With Boycotts if Talks Fail
John Kerry To Explain Where The New Red Line Is - Live Feed
John Kerry Working with the U.N. to Stop Execution of Illegal Alien Cop Killer in Texas
John Kerry expresses concern over Egypt's crackdown on Muslim Brotherhood(Designated Terrorist Org.)
John Kerry finds his calling (Hurl chunks!)
John Kerry is lying and putting America in danger; Islam causes terrorism not poverty
John Kerry isn’t an anti-Semite, Bennett says (Israel’s economy minister)
John Kerry labelled 'anti Semite' for warning of possible boycott of Israel
John Kerry likens Crimea 'fervor' to WWII build-up
John Kerry on His Return to Christian Faith: Suffering Is Part of God's Plan
John Kerry to AIPAC: ‘We have no illusions’ [Can we fact check?]
John Kerry to Retire in 2016
John Kerry to urge climate action in Indonesia address
John Kerry's Wrongheaded Priority
John Kerry, Al Gore, Paul Krugman and Other Unreasonable Liberal Facsimiles
John Kerry, Jihad Coddler
John Kerry: Climate change is the biggest WMD of all
John Kerry: Russia has until Monday to reverse course in Ukraine
John Kerry’s Blackmail
John Kerry’s Empty Promises
John Kerry’s Guide To Hallucinations (John Bin lying)
John Kerry’s Palestinian Delusions
John Kerry’s policy of surrender: His failures are redefining American exceptionalism
John Love, Bataan Death March survivor, dies at 91
John McCain Censured by Arizona GOP for Being Too ‘Liberal’
John McCain Censured by Arizona Republicans in Landslide Vote
John McCain Hits the Dust
John McCain Is Going To Ukraine
John McCain Is the Least Popular Senator in the Country(PPP poll we can believe in)
John McCain Says Ted Cruz "Crossed a Line," Should Apologize to Bob Dole
John McCain To Hold January Fundraiser For 2016 senate Reelection
John McCain [and Lindsey Graham]: Send 'military assistance' to Ukraine
John McCain among Americans banned from Russia (Russian Sanctions List Released)
John McCain on Ukraine invasion: ‘Putin does not have a great deal of respect for President
John McCain says Hillary Clinton would win the White House if the 2016 election were held today
John McCain says Mitch McConnell faces a 'very tough' primary challenge
John McCain says Ted Cruz owes Bob Dole an apology for ‘President Dole’ line [VIDEO]
John McCain tells Ukraine protesters: 'We are here to support your just cause'
John McCain: I Hope Jan Brewer Vetoes Gay Bill
John McCain: I want Ted Cruz to apologize to Bob Dole
John McCain: Ted Cruz had "no plan" on debt limit
John Morgan's Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous
John Pinette, stand-up comedian, dead at 50
John Podesta apologizes for Jonestown quote
John Podesta, key player in administration, also helped UN develop radical new global agenda
John Podesta, key player...also helped UN develop radical new global agenda
John Roberts, $6 Million Man, Laments Judiciary's Lack of Funding
John Walsh, Host of 'America's Most Wanted,' on What He's Learned From Life and Loss
John Wayne's "The Alamo" in 8.5 minutes with Original Soundtrack
John Ziegler Tells State College Radio That the Entire Jerry Sandusky Case is Upside Down
Johnny Carson's Head Writer: Late Night Comics Protect Obama
Johnny Cash's great-niece found stabbed to death, sheriff says
Johnny Depp's 'Transcendence' to Open on Same Day in U.S., China
Johnny Manziel, LeBron James in new McDonald's commercial
Johnny Weir's latest statement about more than fashion
Johnny, Get Your Gun-Free Zone (Mark Steyn)
Johns Hopkins doctors remove baby's brain tumor that contained teeth
Join Our New Monthly Donor Drive [FReepathon]!!
Join a Tweetchat on Unions in the United States Thursday,March 6
Joint Chiefs Chair: We Aren't Authorized to Kill Benghazi Terrorists
Joint Statement re: Mt Gox - Bitcoin
Joint Subcommittee Hearing: Iran's Support for Terrorism Worldwide
Joke "o" the Day
Joke Headline of the Day: "Pending Home Sales Rise"
Joke’s on us: WH now says 7M never ‘target number’ for Obamacare
Jolly tells Cavuto why all eyes are on Florida’s CD 13 race: Obamacare battle, ground zero
Jon Karl to Jay Carney: When Can We Admit Obama’s Syria Policy an ‘Absolute Failure?’
Jon Karl to State Department: How Much Does It Cost to Become an Ambassador?
Jon Karl: Ted Cruz ‘so hated’ among GOP senators ‘he’s going to need a food taster’ [VIDEO]
Jon Kitna joining Dallas Cowboys as QB insurance
Jon Stewart Attempts to "Slay" Food Stamp Fraud Allegations; Misses Real Point
Jon Stewart Laughs at Nancy Pelosi When She Pleads Ignorance on Failure of Health Care Website
Jonah Goldberg: Vulgarity invades entire culture; few options for escape
Jonathan Alter: Let’s Honor Mandela by Releasing Hundreds of Thousands of Criminals from Prison
Jonathan Pollard Underwent Emergency Surgery
Jonathan Quick rips Team USA's effort in loss to Finland
Jonathan Schell, Author Who Explored War, Dies at 70
Jonathan Turley: We are now at a constitutional tipping point in our system
Jonathan Vilma: NFL Players Will Have ‘Resistance’ to Michael Sam, Gay Players
Jordan Graham Trial Concludes with a Guilty Plea
Jordan's PM Rejects Cutting Ties with Israel
Jordanian Parliament: No to Recognition of Israel
Jordan’s FM Rejects Recognizing Israel as Jewish State
Jordan’s King Abdullah and Benjamin Netanyahu in talks about how to ‘neutralize’ John Kerry
Jordan’s ‘Zionist Sheikh’ Cites Quranic Sources for Islam-Jewish Relations
Jose Abreu traveled a long way to join White Sox
Jose Antonio Vargas' Compelling Immigration Doc, 'Documented
Joseph Smith 'gave us everything' & XMAS vs. LMOS (Local Manifestations of 'Smithmas') [Vanity]
Joseph Smith Nativity [A Virtual 'Merry Smithmas' 'Greeting Card' circa 2005]
Josh Lang's Photos of the Fuddy Crash Are Not the Same Plane
Journal Times editorial: Obama shouldn't give away control of the Internet
Journalism Review Explores Fox's Liberal Pundits, Confesses Fox Is More Balanced Than MSNBC
Journalist consensus: Media lean left
Journalists Won't Put Up with Regime Monitors in Newsrooms? Don't Be So Sure...
Journalists at Sochi are live-tweeting their hilarious and gross hotel experiences
Journalists guide to islam called cave in to political correctness
Journalists hide real numbers when reporting budget spin
Journalists should leave their jobs; Taliban issued warning to Pakistani journalists
Journalists threatened their careers would end if they raised this subject...
Journalists’ guide to Islam called cave-in to political correctness
Joys of ObamaCare, Dr. Ben Carson and who is Ms Debbie driving where?
Juan Carlos Chavez, Killer of Jimmy Ryce, Executed at Florida State Prison
Juan Williams Clashes with Eric Bolling: ‘We Need America to Be a Gun-Free Zone’
Juan Williams Defines Himself As A Libertarian - Fox News' "Cashin In" Panel Erupts In Laughter
Juan Williams Hosting O'Reilly Factor.More Americans Changed Channel Than Obama-Care SignUps.
Juan Williams: GOP will rue O-Care focus
Juan Williams: Republican leaders must keep Tea Party on the run
Juan Williams: Time for Obama to punch hard
Juan Williams: Treatment of Condi Rice by Rutgers a hateful liberal double standard
Juan Williams: Treatment of Condi Rice by Rutgers a hateful liberal double standard...
Juanita Moore, Oscar-Nominated Actress in Imitation of Life, Dies at 99
Juarez's "Dr. Frankenstein" Is Breathing New Life Into Unsolved Murders
Judaism, Christianity, Environmentalism
Judge Allows Husband’s Bid to Cut Pregnant Wife From Life Support, Kill His Unborn Child
Judge Cites Same-Sex Marriage in Declaring Polygamy Ban Unconstitutional
Judge Completely Trolls Justice Scalia In Striking Down Utah's Gay Marriage Ban
Judge Deals Blow to NSA Phone Data Program
Judge Delays Justina Pelletier Ruling While Armed Guards Sit in on Visits
Judge Facing Family Violence Charge Wants Protective Order Vacated
Judge Grants Obama Uncle Asylum
Judge Grants Request From Jahi McMath’s Family to Extend Life Support
Judge Jeanine Pirro Crowns Obama as "The Master of Contradiction"
Judge Jeanine Pirro Opening Statement - Obama Can Take That Pen and..
Judge Jeanine Pirro Opening Statement – Justice For Benghazi Terror Attack – Hillary 2016?
Judge Jeanine Pirro Skewers Obama’s Feckless Foreign Policy
Judge Jeanine Pirro to Obama: Putin Has Been Bitch-Slapping You!
Judge Jeanine Pirros sound off on Hillary Clinton and Benghazi on Fox - Vanity
Judge Jeanine to Obama : Shame On You, Mr President!
Judge Jeanine to President Obama: 'You Draw Lines, Putin Crosses Them'(Emasculates Obama)
Judge Jeanine: Did Obama 'lie' his way into the White House?
Judge Jeanine: President Obama is ‘the Master of Contradiction’
Judge Joe Brown arrested, sentenced to jail
Judge Judy files suit against Connecticut lawyer
Judge Lets Abortion Clinic Pay $77 to Get Out of $36,000 Fine
Judge Makes Order To Investigate Obama’s Social Security Number
Judge Napolitano: Impeachment the only way to stop Obama's executive actions
Judge Orders Catholic School Board to Face Tribunal Over Firing of Transgender Teacher [Canada]
Judge Orders Colorado Bakery to Cater for Same-Sex Weddings
Judge Orders ‘Compassionate Release’ Of Jailed Former Civil Rights Lawyer
Judge Promotes Conservative Professor
Judge Refused Arrest Warrant 1 Week Before Cicero Man Allegedly Gunned Down Romeoville Teen
Judge Rejects Lawsuit on Scope of Obamacare Subsidies(Although the law clearly says the opposite)
Judge Rules (Duh!) That NYPD Can Spy On Mosques
Judge Rules Border Fence Illegal
Judge Rules Justina Pelletier to Remain in State’s Custody
Judge Rules Obama’s Spying is UNCONSTITUTIONAL
Judge Rules Parts of Paterno-NCAA Lawsuit Have Standing
Judge Rules States Can Demand Proof of Citizenship from Voters
Judge Rules: Obama Social Security Card Fraud May Finally Get Answers
Judge Stops Man’s Wife From Removing His Feeding Tube, Starving Him to Death
Judge Strikes Down Michigan's Ban on Gay Marriage
Judge Strikes Down Texas’ Marriage Definition Amid Criticism (Gov Rick Perry Responds)
Judge Takes Steps to Criminalize the Rich
Judge Timothy S. Black engages in judicial tyranny in “same sex” marriage case!
Judge Unseals (OKC) Mayoral Candidate Ed Shadid's Divorce Records
Judge Upholds NSA Phone Snooping Program [ "reasonableness" is the liberal litmus test ]
Judge allows climate scientist compared to child molester to sue for libel.
Judge allows gay marriage in Utah to continue
Judge claims DHS delivering smuggled children to illegal immigrant parents
Judge declares North Carolina's abortion-ultrasound law illegal
Judge denies Ohio man's request to go to funeral of daughter he's accused of shooting
Judge denies bail in alleged 'knockout game' case
Judge dismisses FAA fine against small drone user
Judge grants 21-day delay on Ky. same-sex marriages
Judge grants six-month delay on letting gun shops set up in Chicago
Judge names monitor to oversee Arizona sheriff in profiling case
Judge nixes preliminary approval of $765M settlement in NFL concussion case
Judge orders Mt. Soledad cross removed but allows appeals
Judge orders Obama foreign aid order released
Judge orders no jail for teen in fatal car wreck
Judge rejects financial support requests by New Jersey teen suing parents
Judge releases election official incarcerated on voter fraud [Blood Boil Alert!!!]
Judge rules Cornell, Ithaca can be sued over 2010 bridge suicide
Judge rules Kan. sperm donor owes child support
Judge rules Kansas sperm donor must pay child support
Judge rules Virginia’s ban on same-sex marriage unconstitutional
Judge rules against Iowa elections chief in battle over voter rolls
Judge rules against New Jersey teen suing parents for tuition support
Judge rules against adult student requesting parent's financial support
Judge rules commercial drones are legal, undoing six-year ban
Judge rules flashing headlights is free speech in Oregon case
Judge rules sperm donor to lesbians owes child support
Judge rules that Kansan who provided sperm to lesbian couple owes child support
Judge says Obama’s uncle can stay in US [another illegal relative]
Judge says flashing headlights is free speech
Judge says juror having heart attack ‘can wait’: witness
Judge sides with Kansas doctor in abortion case [Tiller's 2nd opinion]
Judge slaps down grad student who said prof docked her grade for backing gay ‘marriage’
Judge spikes photo ID requirement for Pa. voters
Judge strikes down Florida law mandating drug tests for welfare
Judge strikes down Nebraska law that allowed Keystone pipeline to proceed through state
Judge strikes down Nebraska law through which the state approved the Keystone XL route
Judge strikes down Utah's same-sex marriage ban as unconstitutional
Judge to end Ohio ban on recognizing gay marriage
Judge tosses out SAFE Act charge against Lockport man - Says police violated Lockport man’s rights
Judge upholds Connecticut gun control law passed after Newtown shootings
Judge wants back on bench after insanity ruling
Judge wants back on bench after insanity ruling (Chicago)
Judge's laptop ruling challenges the Constitution - and your privacy
Judge, Citing Extreme Facts, Tosses Arrest of NYC Professor
Judge: Calif. teen can be taken off life support
Judge: Christie ex-aides can withhold documents
Judge: Courts can play role in Fast and Furious investigation (10/03/2013)
Judge: Docs can prescribe meds for aid in dying (Rules self-euthanizing a fundamental right)
Judge: Homeschooling a 'concrete endangerment' to kids, Endorses Hitler-era laws
Judge: Married Women Can’t Divorce In Alabama
Judge: NSA phone program likely unconstitutional
Judge: No disclosure on use of expanded spying (Chicago bomb suspect)
Judge: No, parents can’t be forced to financially support their disobedient 18-year-old child
Judge: Wal-Mart Not At Fault for Racial Comments
Judges 2:10-13: The Opening of America’s Anti-Christian Chapter
Judges Who Regard Not...Luke 18 pt 3
Judges to hear arguments in Blagojevich appeal
Judges: The King is Coming - The Last Judges
Judges: The King is Coming - The Prophet We Must Shema
Judges: ‘Law Provides Executive No Authority’ to Cut Drug Sentences As Holder Did
Judge’s same-sex marriage decision mixes up Constitution, Declaration of Independence
Judging Jewell - ESPN Films 30 for 30 short [21 minute video link]
Judging Obama's Economy By His Own Promises
Judgment According to the Standard of Righteousness (Judges: The King Is Coming March 28, 2014)
Judgment and Leadership (Mitch Mconnell)
Judicial Watch Defends North Carolina Voter ID and Fights White House Collusion with Sharpton
Judicial Watch Obtains Transcript Revealing that CIA Director John Brennan was Behind
Judicial Watch Releases 11 Most Corrupt Politicians of 2013:Obama Makes List for 7th Straight Year
Judicial Watch plans to sue states with dirty voter rolls; Obama’s DOJ plays dead
Judicial Watch, True the Vote announce ‘historic’ victory in voter fraud fight
Judy Woodruff Wonders if ‘Compelling’ Inequality Issue Will Overtake Obamacare in 2014
Juking the ObamaCare Stats
Julia Louis-Dreyfus blames nude photo on "drunken stupor"
Julian Assange: "We Heard A Lot Of Lies In This Speech By Obama" [Video]
Julian Assange: Is President Obama wearing pants?
Julianne Ortman: The Solution to America's Franken Problem (MN)
July 10, 2012: George P. Bush: A Political Dynasty's Young Hope
July 31, 2013 NSA director defends surveillance
June 6th, 2015: Obama resigns as president ( A holiday fantasy for children of all ages!!!)
June 8, 2012: Raynard Jackson: The NAACP and Gay Marraige (just WOW!!)
June 9, 1973 - The Belmont Stakes - Secretariat
Jungle Drug Ayahuasca Could Revolutionize Psychotherapy
Junk food makes you lazy, not just fat, study suggests
Junk-Food-Heavy Diets Impair Cognitive Function After One Week
Jurassic Park HERE NOW: UK Scientists Successfully Clone Dinosaur from Well-Preserved DNA Fragments
Jurors award nearly half-million dollars to handyman who slayed 7 at suburban restaurant
Jury Decides on Four of Five Counts in Loud-Music Murder Trial
Jury orders Parx to pay $7.8 million in jockey's death
Jury: Andy Warhol's Farrah Fawcett portrait belongs to Ryan O'Neal
Just 1 in 4 young teens meet US fitness guidelines
Just Abolish The FCC
Just Because I'm Paranoid: Addressing Obstacles to Gun Control
Just Christians - On Homosexuality & Christian Identity
Just Hit The NOAA Motherlode ( Hide the Actual Temp Decline )
Just How Desperate Are They?
Just How Out of Touch is the Ruling Class?
Just LOOK at All the Scum in Bed with Karl Rove...
Just Received in the Mail: Fraud Alert from the McConnell Campaign
Just THREE kids in Camden, N.J. scored college-ready
Just Who is George Soros & How Does He Affect American Politics?
Just a Little talk with Jesus – Homily for the 3rd Sunday of Lent
Just a diversion
Just a funny picture
Just a little fun for tonight
Just a question...
Just a train clearing the snow off the tracks.
Just four gunmen carried out attack on Kenyan mall that killed 60 dead and they escaped ALIVE ...
Just how cool is the Pope? Wayward millennials flocking to church
Just how much water is in all of this snow on the ground?
Just in Time for Easter: Proof that Jesus was Married
Just in; Caleb Jacoby has been found. Safe and well more to follow as details become available.
Just like Amazon.com, Obamacare has no idea who has paid for stuff already shipped… oh, wait
Just one more Comprehensive Law is all that we need [WARNING: Snark intended]
Just out of prison, man robs Toms River store again, cops say
Just the Facts
Just wanted to say Thanks to GLAAD for showing their Intolerance
Justice Antonin Scalia Remembers When Toting a Rifle in New York was a Non-event
Justice Antonin Scalia says World War II-style internment camps could happen again
Justice Department Inspector General Pushes Holder on Misconduct Reported by PJ Media
Justice Department Spending $544,338 for an ‘Enhanced Company Profile’ on LinkedIn
Justice Department denies Cruz request for IRS special investigator
Justice Department supports probe into ATF rogue tactics
Justice Department to give married same-sex couples equal protection
Justice Department will revise its stance on racial profiling
Justice Dept to Strip Islam from Terror Investigations?
Justice Dept. Applies Same-Sex Rights to Itself (Far reaching rules change)
Justice Dept. Starts Quest For Inmates To Be Freed
Justice Dept. latest to apply privileges, protections for same-sex spouses (all 50 states)
Justice Kagan, You Gotta Serve Somebody (SCOTUS on the HHS mandate)
Justice Kennedy denies request to block gun magazine law
Justice Scalia on Kelo and Korematsu
Justice Scalia: 'Constitution is not a living organism'
Justice Scalia: Internment Camps Could Happen Again
Justice Sotomayor Compared Abortions to Vaccinations, Blood Transfusions in Hobby Lobby Case
Justice Sotomayor to Drop Ball, Not Gavel, on 2014 Times Square Countdown [Celebrity Justice!]
Justice Sotomayor to helm Times Square ball drop
Justice Stevens: The five extra words that can fix the Second Amendment
Justice [Sotomayor] Halts Obama Contraception Rule for Catholic Nuns [link only]
Justice and race: Congressman talks about verdict in Florida case during Paterson service
Justice bars lawyer from testifying before House panel in IRS (Tea Party) probe
Justice delays health law's birth control mandate
Justice: Chicago-style deep dish isn’t pizza
Justices Decline To Re-enter Immigration Debate
Justices Divide By Gender In Hobby Lobby Contraception Case
Justices Hear Case on Health Law’s Contraceptive Rule
Justices skeptical of Obama’s recess appointment claim
Justin Bieber Deposition
Justin Bieber allegedly addicted to sizzurp, urged to go to rehab
Justin Bieber arrested in Miami Beach for DUI and drag racing, police say
Justin Bieber barred from Miami nightclubs
Justin Bieber eggs neighbor’s house [VIDEO] (FUnniest Description of Bieber Ever!!!)
Justin Bieber mansion like a 'frat house': cop
Justin Bieber spends $75,000 in strip club: report
Justin Bieber's mom urges fans to pray for him
Justin Trudeau to publish ‘candid’ memoir charting journey .... this fall
Justin Welby Says 'Church Viewed Like Racists Over Homosexuality'
Justina Pelletier - A Sick Girl Trapped Between Two Hospitals And The State
Justina Pelletier Call to Action-Girl Taken From Parents, Not Given Medical Treatment
Justina Pelletier Case Shows That Psychiatric Power is Out of Control
Justina Pelletier’s Mother Collapses After Court Orders Daughter to Non-Medical Foster Care Facility
Justine Sacco was fired because she told the politically incorrect, accurate truth about AIDS
Juvenile charged in killings of 2 Newark children (NJ)
K St. mints money from regs surge
K Street sizes up retiring lawmakers
K-9 Saves Ventura County Sheriff’s Deputy During Hostile Encounter
KANSAS MIDDLE SCHOOL: POSTER LISTING SEX ACTS PART OF 'HEALTH AND SCIENCE' CURRICULUM
KANYE WEST BEING SUED FOR SWAGGER JACKING “BOUND
KARL ROVE, 100+ GOP DONORS SEND LETTER TO REPUBLICANS URGING IMMIGRATION REFORM (Flashback)
KATHLEEN SEBELIUS LEAVES THE WHITE HOUSE LAUGHING
KATHLEEN WILLEY: 'HILLARY IS THE WAR ON WOMEN'
KERRY PASSES OUT IDAHO POTATOES IN PARIS (to Russian Foreign Minister)
KFC eliminating jobs in reorganization effort
KGO's ol’ Bernie Ward may be released Dec. 21, 2014
KING AND QUEEN OBAMA Flaunt Regal Power and Extravagance in Americans' Faces
KING: Accepting Democrats’ false immigration premises will lead to the wrong solution
KIYC: No-show police officers investigated in Elizabeth
KJU Had 'Scum' Uncle (+ 5 Aides) EATEN ALIVE by 120 Wild Dogs- in Front of 300 Party Officials!
KKK Flyers Passed Out to Residents
KNOCKOUT GAME LEAVES VICTIM STUNNED TWICE
KNOW YOUR ENEMY: MoveOn.org Director Presents (Relentlessly) Progressive Agenda for 2014...
KNUS: Obama's Forged Birth Certificate; Selective Service Card; Media Blackout(MCSO leak?)
KOMO TV Seattle Helo Crashes / 2 Dead
KOO: The US Is In A 'QE Trap' And Both The Markets And The Media Are Missing It
KPK doctors ended their strike against the kidnapping of the doctors
KRAUTHAMMER PREDICTS THE NEXT BIG GOVERNMENT BAILOUT
KS:Gun Reform Goes to Governor Brownback
KS:Man robs south Wichita store, fights with clerk
KS:UPDATE: Police arrest man they say shot home intruder
KSDK reporter working on school safety story prompted Kirkwood High lockdown
KSTP/SURVEYUSA POLL: Franken Leads GOP Challengers
KSWB-CA: Clinton's Upcoming CA Appearance Disrupted By Protestors (not welcome because of Bengazi)
KY Woman Confronts Barack Obama About Losing Her Plan & Her Son’s Doctor
KY: Knive Preemption Law Introduced
KY:Congressman Upholds Principles, Votes Against Gun Ban
KY:Homeowner in Taylor County shot man trying to force his way into home
Kaafir, the New F-word
Kabul restaurant attack: three UN staff and local IMF head among 21 dead
Kain Colter compares NU football training to Navy SEALs
Kaiser poll shows ObamaCare getting even more unpopular with uninsured
Kalashnikov Asked Patriarch Shortly Before Death if he is Guilty in Killing People with his Gun
Kalashnikov inventor dies aged 94
Kaliko Estates, LLC and Douglas Pochini want to evict a military widow
Kane ('Rat state AG) shut down sting that snared Phila. officials
Kane hires Sprague for possible defamation suits (Pennsylvania DA Lawyers Up)
Kane shut down sting that snared Phila. officials
Kane shut down sting that snared Phila. officials (this RINO should be a democrat)
Kane, sting unlikely to be investigated by independent counsel
Kang Wong Jaywalking: 84-Year-Old Gets Ticket, NYPD Beating
Kansas Abortion Clinic Celebrates: We've Killed 1,200 Babies in Only One Year
Kansas Bill Seeks to Legalize Police Retaliation
Kansas Bill To Legalize Anti-Gay Discrimination Unlikely To Pass In State Senate
Kansas City police investigating 13 shootings of cars on roads
Kansas City’s sky-high murder rate defies easy explanation
Kansas Dealer Turns Labor Protest into Free Advertising
Kansas House Approves Gay Marriage Bill | Dems Under Fire
Kansas House passes bill allowing refusal of service to same-sex couples
Kansas Republicans feel a persistent pull toward the right
Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts won't say how many days he spends in Kansas
Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts, GOP foe Milton Wolf squabble on ethics issues
Kansas Senator Admits He Doesn't Have a Home in Kansas
Kansas Senator Pat Roberts Does Not Live In Kansas
Kansas Supreme Court Usurps Legislature’s Authority
Kansas Walmart customer loses tooth after cursing at self-checkout machine
Kansas and Arizona Win Case to Require Proof of Citizenship to Vote
Kansas bomb plot suspect says bin Laden and Awlaki are inspirations
Kansas can pull Planned Parenthood funding - appeals court
Kansas candidate posted grisly images (Milton Wolf)
Kansas court says sperm donor must pay child support
Kansas high court: School funding unconstitutional (i.e. funding cuts)
Kansas lawmakers OK bill to void local gun rules
Kansas middle school: poster listing sex acts part of 'Health and Science' curriculum
Kansas' anti-gay bill: another attempt to force warped Christianity on others
Kansas, Arizona prevail in voter citizenship suit
Kansas: Comprehensive Pro-Gun Bill Passes in House Federal and State Affairs Committee
Kansas’ Anti-Gay Segregation Bill Is An Abomination
Kanye West Compares Dancing on Stage to Being a Cop or Soldier
Kanye West Lashes Out At The Grammys Onstage In Arizona
Kanye West Threatens To Leave United States Due To Racism
Kanye West Wants To Be the ‘Obama of Clothing’
Kanye West a 'named suspect' in Beverly Hills battery probe
Kanye, Go Away
Karen Handel is the only candidate in the Georgia Senate race with cojones
Karl Pierson – dead 18 year old Arapahoe High School shooter (hated Republicans)
Karl Rove Pushes Establishment Republicans in California
Karl Rove and the GOP Socialists
Karl Rove and the GOP Socialists - Crossroads, Chamber attack Reaganites
Karl Rove and the GOP socialists
Karl Rove hits Rand Paul for Bill Clinton bashing (always protect the democrats!)
Karl Rove to GOP Candidates: Define Yourselves Before Harry Reid Does
Karl Rove's Crossroads Reloading Against Tea Party
Karl Rove: Chris Christie's Bridge Scandal Response Gives 'Street Cred' with Tea Party
Karl Rove: Christie’s handling of this Bridgegate thing could give him “street cred” with tea party
Karl Rove: GOP Has Strong 'Cast of Characters' to Win Back Senate
Karl Rove: GOP Will Capture Senate in 2014
Karl Rove: Jeb Bush 'Act Of Love' Remarks 'Inartful'
Karl Rove: Martin Bashir ‘disgusting and vile’ (Where was Karl and the GOP-e 3 weeks ago?)
Karl Rove: My Fearless Political Predictions for 2014
Karl Rove: Why is Rand Paul beating up on Bill Clinton for old sins?
Karzai Arranged Secret Contacts With the Taliban
Karzai releases American killing Taliban prisoners
Karzai reportedly suspects US hand in recent Afghanistan attacks
Karzai suspects U.S. is behind insurgent-style attacks, Afghan officials say
Karzai to US: Get out of Afghanistan immediately
Kashmir's road, rail links stay snapped for second day
Kasich calls for income tax cut, hike on cigarette tax
Kasich: State of emergency for Ohio, National Guard on alert
Kasparov: ‘Carter looks like Churchill in comparison’ to Obama [Also Skewers Hillary]
Kasper Changes the Paradigm, Bergoglio Applauds
Kass exclusive: Suburban officer charged in 95-year-old's death (ILLINOIS)
Katherine Heigl sues drug store for $6M for using her image
Kathleen Parker: House Republicans rise up against the right wing (gag!)
Kathleen Sebelius Concedes More May Lose Healthcare
Kathleen Sebelius asks internal IG to review healthcare.gov rollout [get the hip boots out!]
Kathleen Sebelius at CWA: Human health is 'great global connector'
Kathleen Sebelius is resigning because Obamacare has won
Kathleen Sebelius, you are not doing a heck of a job
Kathleen Sebelius: No job loss under Obamacare
Kathleen Sebelius: Obamacare Extension 'Is Not An Extension'
Kathleen Sebelius: We don’t know how many people have paid ACA premiums
Kathleen Willey: 'Hillary is the war on women'
Kathy Griffin Asks CNN Host 'Have You Ever Spooned With Candy Crowley?'
Kathy Ireland named best cover model during Sports Illustrated televised special
Katie Couric talk show canceled after two seasons
Katrina Victims Say Brad Pitt's Charity Homes Are Already Rotting
Katty Kay: 'Amazing How Quickly We Are Starting to See the Obamacare Story Change its Tone'
Katy Perry Banned Republican Parents From Seeing Her Perform At Obama Inauguration
Katy Perry Dark Horse video under fire by members of Muslim community
Katy Perry: I prayed for a big chest, won Wisconsin for Obama
Katy man faces federal charges, including possession of explosive materials
Katy man indicted in December hate crime
Kay Hagan sinks lower in North Carolina polls
Kay Hagan's disapproval rating increases
Kazakhstan's prime minister, whole cabinet resign
Kazan Seminary Case is Being Investigated - Moscow Patriarchate
Kedar: It's time to end the fantasy of a 'Palestinian people'
Keep A True Lent
Keep Kentucky Red (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
Keep it Real, Conservatives
Keeping It Simple: Scientist Uses Haiku to Explain Climate Change
Keeping Public Buildings Free of Guns Proves Too Costly for Kansas Towns
Keeping The Focus on Obamacare, and The Jobless Obama Economy
Keeping Track of the Rule (debt ceiling vote)
Keeping Wounded Vets Safe From Christmas Cards
Keidel: The Loneliest Star In The Lone Star State
Keith Ellison (D-MN 5) – KeyWiki Progressive/Marxist Profiles
Keith Jackson, former S.F. education official, accused of murder-for-hire
KelTec Engineer Says 3D printing used to Prototype .22 Magnum RMR30 Carbine
Kellogg closing Charlotte snack plant, cutting 195 jobs
Kelly Siegler & Yolanda McClary: Crime-Solving Duo Seeks Cold Case Closures on TNT's "Cold Justice"
Kelly Thomas case is in the jury's hands
Kelly Thomas case: Jurors may be told to disregard some testimony
Kelly to Anthony Weiner: ‘How can somebody with a secret like that go on TV and be that cocky?’
Kelly v. Hopper (CAIR) Live on FoxNews
Kemp: Global Oil And Gas Drilling Hits 30-Year High
Kemp: Oil Industry Starts to Squeeze Costs, Wages
Ken Buck: Our Campaign Is #64Strong
Ken Cope Statement (Cornyn opponent)
Ken Ham Explains Why AiG Is Building a Giant Ark Instead of Spending Money to Feed the Hungry
Ken Ham: The Unbiblical ‘Noah’ Is a Fable of a Film
Ken Paxton for Texas Attorney General
Ken Skowronski Wins Wisconsin Assembly Special Election
Kennedy Center Honors Two Latinos With Nation's Highest Award In The Arts
Kennedys honor George H.W. Bush's ‘read my lips’ flip-flop with Profile of Courage award
Kenner man dies in custody after swallowing cocaine, police say
Kenneth Bae, American jailed in North Korea, returned to labor camp after hospital stay
Kenneth Schechter, Survivor Of Blind Landing, Dies At 83
Kenny Kramer, inspiration for Kramer on 'Seinfeld,' files $1M defamation suit — What's that about?
Kentucky All State Choir - National Anthem - Hyatt Louisville 2013
Kentucky Candidate Matt Bevin fights the GOP Machine
Kentucky Democrat: Unseating McConnell in 2014 Will Feel Like Winning World War II
Kentucky Doctor Closing Practice, Cites Obamacare as Reason
Kentucky Files Bill to Repeal Common Core
Kentucky Longshot Bevin Campaigns on ‘McConnell Fatigue’
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul Says GOP Must Appeal To Hispanics, Get ‘Beyond Deportation’
Kentucky Senate race 2014: Matt Bevin, Mitch McConnell and TARP (Bevin supported TARP)
Kentucky State Police Begin Operation R.A.I.D.
Kentucky all state choir
Kentucky bill would let service monkeys help paralyzed people
Kentucky gay ‘marriage’ ruling may spell trouble for Mitch McConnell
Kentucky poll: Mitch McConnell now trails Democratic challenger by four points in Senate bid
Kentucky smoking ban bill is dead, sponsor says
Kentucky tea partiers to McConnell: Step aside for Matt Bevin
Kentucky's Sen. Mitch McConnell: Go Duke Basketball!
KentuckyOne Health cuts respiratory therapists from emergency rooms
Kenya carries out deadly air strike on al-Shabaab
Kenya legalises polygamy without wife's consent
Kenyan Church Pastor Bans Female Parishioners From Wearing Underwear
Kenyan Cleric: Quran Justifies Killing Innocent People ...
Kenyan Mall Terrorist Group Hiding Inside U.S. Crossed Mexican Border
Kenyan church attack leaves four worshippers dead and 17 injured
Kenyan polygamy law: Female MPs storm out of parliament
Kepler-62f: A Possible Water World
Kerala Chef Eats 1.25m Dosa to Win Dubai Contest
Kerbal Space Program (KSP) Build, Fly, Dream Trailer (wow)
Kerr: Time to pass the dream act
Kerry & Lavrov Negotiate Ukraine’s Surrender in Paris: Were All the Rooms in Munich Booked?
Kerry 'Deeply Concerned' By Nigeria's Ban on Same-Sex Marriage
Kerry 'Encouraged' by Progress in Peace Talks
Kerry 'Protests' to Prime Minister Over Criticism from Ya'alon
Kerry Courts Manila Government: Philippines To Become The 51st U.S. State?
Kerry Dismisses 98% Support for New Egypt Constitution as Just One Election and Not ‘Inclusive’
Kerry Disputes That Putin Seized Crimea Because He Thought Obama Wouldn’t Respond
Kerry Generates 12 Tons of CO2 on Trip Discussing Climate Change [Do as I say, not as I do]
Kerry Issues Ultimatum to Russians
Kerry Kennedy 'set to admit leaving the scene of an accident,,,
Kerry Kennedy Christmas card e-mail sparks e-fight
Kerry Kennedy Is Found Not Guilty of Driving While Impaired
Kerry Kennedy Says Ambien 'Overtook' Her, Causing Car Crash
Kerry Kennedy acquitted of drugged driving in New York
Kerry Kennedy invokes dad’s death in drugged-driving defense
Kerry Lands in Kiev Bearing $1 Billion in Aid
Kerry Mentions Iranian Son-in-Law in Greeting to Iran
Kerry Misleads on Muslim States’ Readiness to Normalize Ties With Israel
Kerry Mocked in New Nationalist Campaign (Israel)
Kerry Presents Russian Counterpart with a Pair of Potatoes
Kerry Rules Out 2016 Presidential Run
Kerry Says No Deaths From West Bank Terror in 2013, Just Days After Shin Bet Lists Fatalities
Kerry Tells Senate Committee Israel Busted Peace Talks-opens mouth, makes things worse
Kerry Warns About Global Climate Change
Kerry Warns of 'Serious' Consequences If Referendum Proceeds
Kerry calls Russian counterpart Lavrov and returns to Europe for Ukraine talks
Kerry condemns Russian moves in Crimea while Putin stays defiant
Kerry continues to extort Israel because Jews -- American and Israeli -- allow him to
Kerry forces Israel’s moment of decision
Kerry forgot to blame himself
Kerry hopes Crimea will not hit Russian cooperation over Syrian weapons
Kerry in Israel on new Mideast peace push
Kerry in Israel: Give Up Jordan Valley — Count on Us
Kerry lands in Ukraine with promise of $1 billion in U.S. aid
Kerry likens Uganda anti-gay law to Nazism, apartheid
Kerry meeting with Netanyahu, Peres postponed due to snow
Kerry meets leaders in Israel, says spring remains target for Mideast peace deal
Kerry on Israeli Critics: I’ve Been Threatened by Real Bullets
Kerry on Syria: 'I Don't Want To Get Into the Definitions' of Genocide
Kerry on UN climate change report: "Costs of inaction are catastrophic"
Kerry phones Netanyahu to complain about insults
Kerry reportedly says he will consider freeing Jonathan Pollard as part of prisoner swap
Kerry returns to Vietnam's Mekong Delta, raises environmental concerns
Kerry returns to Vietnam, now as top US diplomat
Kerry says Obama has asked for new policy options on Syria
Kerry says Russia creating fear, intimidation in Ukraine
Kerry says US will not be pressured into decision on long-delayed Keystone pipeline
Kerry suggests defining Israel as “national homeland for Jews”
Kerry tells Capitol Hill that Obama’s Syria policies have failed
Kerry to Israeli critics: I’ve been 'attacked before by people using real bullets'
Kerry to Israeli critics: I’ve been ‘attacked before by people using real bullets’
Kerry to Meet With Ukrainian Officials in Kiev [Lurch to the Rescue!]
Kerry to Netanyahu: Israeli-Palestinian peace not 'mission impossible'
Kerry to Visit Israel, PA Yet Again
Kerry urges US envoys to make climate change a priority
Kerry wants terror chief freed in exchange for Israeli spy
Kerry warns Russia of tough new sanctions
Kerry warns of bleak future in call to arms on climate change
Kerry welcomes Khamenei’s anti-nuke fatwa, says Iran can have peaceful nuclear program
Kerry ‘betrayed and surprised’ by McCain onslaught
Kerry's Brother: John's Not Anti-Semitic, We're Jewish
Kerry's Folly
Kerry's dismal effort to salvage the Arab-Israeli talks
Kerry, Obama and the Jewish (state) question
Kerry: 'Al-Qaeda Threat Is Real, It Is Getting Out of Hand'
Kerry: 'Closer Than We Have Been In Years' to Israel, PA Peace
Kerry: 'It's a Mistake' to for Israel to Demand a Jewish State
Kerry: 'Root Cause of Terrorism' Is Poverty
Kerry: 'Why fight over an old wall? I'll build you a brand new wall, close to the beach!'
Kerry: Administration’s Foreign Policy Not ‘Spinning Out of Control’
Kerry: Climate Change Deniers Believe ‘Earth is Flat’
Kerry: Gay rights are 'the very heart' of U.S. diplomatic efforts world-wide
Kerry: Green Energy Will Solve Climate Change, Create 'Mother of All Markets'
Kerry: If North Korea has a nuke, why, that would be a problem
Kerry: Iran Deal Will Make Israel More Secure
Kerry: Iran deal likely to allow enrichment
Kerry: Israel will be safer the day Iran deal is implemented
Kerry: It's a Mistake for Israel to Demand Recognition
Kerry: I’m approaching the Keystone XL pipeline with a totally blank slate
Kerry: Military Option Still On if Iran Doesn’t Keep Agreement
Kerry: No rush to decide on Keystone XL pipeline
Kerry: No troops to rescue Fallujah and Ramadi from Al-Qaeda
Kerry: Peace Isn't About Me, It's About You; Israel’s security "is our first priority,"
Kerry: Putin now acting out of 'weakness' and 'desperation'
Kerry: Russia Must Be 'Very Careful' in Judgments on Ukraine
Kerry: ‘I Don’t Know Anybody Who Says You Ought to Go to War over Crimea’
Kerry: ‘Science of Climate Change Leaping Out At Us Like Scene from 3D Movie’
Kerry: “All options are on the table” in response to Russian invasion of Crimea
Kerry: “Energy Policy” Will Solve Climate Change and Create “The Mother of All Markets”
Kerry’s Israeli Supporters
Kerry’s Oh-So-’90s Security Nonsense
Kerry’s Plan for an Indefensible Jewish State
Kerry’s cogent connections-one niggling question : did the Arabs accept Resolution 181?
Kerry’s ‘Poor Jihadist’ Myth
Kevin Beaner In Vietnam
Kevin Sorbo: Why is Hollywood so afraid of God?
Key Democratic Group Will Sit Out Midterm Elections
Key General Splits With Obama Over Ukraine
Key Lawyer in DOJ Office Charging Dinesh D’Souza is Obama Campaign Donor
Key quotes from the Pope’s meeting with the Union of Superiors General
Keynes Is Dead
Keystone Pipeline to Be Built Because There’s No Reason Not To
Keystone XL and the energy rush that could change America forever
Keystone XL oil pipeline clears significant hurdle
Keystone XL protesters arrested after strapping selves to White House fence
Keystone opponents vow civil disobedience, vigils starting Monday
Keystone pipeline approval in limbo after Nebraska ruling
Keystone pipeline clears hurdle
Keystone: Decide Already -- Obama has “studied” the pipeline for five years.
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, Evangelist
Khamenei Bans Chatting Between Unrelated Men and Women (Iran)
Khamenei Says U.S. is Greatest Violator of Human Rights
Khamenei Tops SWC List of 2013 Anti-Semites (Simon Wiesenthal Center)
Khamenei takes to Twitter for final criticism of Sharon (called former PM 'vampire', vulture')
Khloe Kardashian files for divorce from Lamar Odom
Khodorkovsky and the Freedom Agenda
Kibbe: Grassroots trumps big money in ‘new politics’
Kick Andrew Jackson Off the $20 Bill!
Kicking Bill Gates Off The Board Is The Best Thing Microsoft Can Do
Kickstarter hacked, with data stolen for an unknown number of customers
Kid President Lands His Own TV Show!
Kid With A Feeling For Music
Kid in black buys meals for strangers (Merry Christmas)
Kid stuck behind couch
Kiddie Porn Does Not Count as ‘Moral Turpitude’ to S.F. Govt.
Kidnapped 6-Year-Old Bravely Asks For Help in Store Bathroom
Kidnapped American asks U.S. to negotiate with al-Qaeda for his release
Kidney grown from [adult] stem cells by Australian scientists [skin stem cells]
Kids Flee the Lunch Line
Kids Read to Cats With the "Book Buddies Program" [w/pix]
Kids react to Rotary Phones...
Kiese Laymon on Trayvon, Black Manhood and Love
Kiev Authorities Plan to Crack Down on Maidan Radicals - Source
Kiev Rabbi Attacked on Street (Hatzalah Chief Beaten By Slur-Shouting Assailants)
Kiev agitators 'trained in Poland' claims Putin
Kiev backpedals on referendums after deadline to stop protest expires
Kiev events is coup organized by open Nazis who follow Bandera tradition - expert
Kiev protests turn deadly. A line crossed in Ukraine? (+video)
Kiev report blames ex-Ukraine leader Yanukovych for protest deaths
Kiev says Russia provokes trouble in eastern Ukraine, just as in Crimea
Kiev woman speaks about the unrest in Ukraine
Kiev's Jews told to flee
Kiffin to join Alabama as offensive coordinator
Kilimanjaro glaciers just won’t die – ‘nowhere near extinction’
Kill team: Obama war chiefs widen drone death zones
Kill the Corporate Tax to Help Workers
Killed Reuters Photographer Tried to Join Al Qaeda
Killer Sentenced In Flat Rock Native's Murder (Brian Terry)
Killer Whale Imitating Boat's Motor
Killer batch of white heroin responsible for at least 100 deaths across the country
Killer's family to victim's kin: 'We hate you'
Killing Christianity with Sex
Killing Liberty With Kindness
Killing cancer like the common cold
Killing swans is a bad idea
Killing the 1% Golden Goose: Why class warfare has no future.
Killing the Middle Class-Federal Reserve continues to sign on to Obama’s war on the poor
Killings of Christians by Islamists Doubled in 2013
Kim Jong Un's executed uncle was eaten alive by 120 hungry dogs: report
Kim Jong Un’s former classmates say he really is ‘dangerous, unpredictable, prone to violence’
Kim Jong-Un 'orders 33 people to be executed' because they made contact with Christian missionary
Kim Jong-Un In Unanimous Vote Win (Wins Seat In NK Parliament With 100% Of The Vote)
Kim Jong-Un Orders Massacre of 33 Christians
Kim Jong-Un's uncle reportedly edited out of documentary footage
Kim Jong-un executes family of purged uncle
Kim Jong-un's Aunt Helped Purge Her Own Husband in North Korean Treachery
Kim Jong-un's Aunt Now Missing From Photo
Kim Jong-un’s uncle probably not executed by 120 hungry dogs
Kim Kardashian criticized for donating just 10 percent of ‘charity auction’ to typhoon victims
Kim Kardashian defends giving 10 percent of eBay auction proceeds to charity, says its plenty
Kim Kardashian's identity stolen by Lake Mary man in celebrity scheme [Biden, Michelle, Gates]
Kim Strassel [WSJ]: Another Misguided Cruz Missile
Kinder Morgan to buy tanker businesses for $1B
Kindergarten student locked in closet for punishment
Kindergarten teacher suspended after two of her students, aged five, are caught.....
Kindergartner says she was stopped from prayer over lunch
Kindergartner, Amazing Johnson, severs finger
King Abdullah: Jordan is Jordan, and Palestine is Palestine
King Barack, the Declaration of Independence and a Textbook Definition of Tyranny
King Libertarians Neocons
King Obama - Je Suis L'Etat, L'Etat, C'est Moi!
King Tut's Mummified Erect Penis May Point to Ancient Religious Struggle
King had a dream, Obama has a drone, Rev. Wright says
King of Blah, Blah, Blah Blabbing Away in Margaritaville
Kingsport church launches website for servers to vent about 'Sunday church crowd'
Kinks - You Really Got Me (Stereo - 2:13min)
Kinnock's son, gay rumours and a flirty blonde Prime Minister: Meet the very unusual Danish leader
Kirk to "protect" Durbin relationship, not stump for Oberweis
Kirsten Powers Persecutes Christians, Accusing Us of Establishing a New Form of ‘Jim Crow’
Kirsten Powers: Are Opponents of Arizona's Anti-Gay Law Eager to Deceive?
Kirsten Powers: I'm Tired Of "Having To Defend This President" And Obamacare (video)
Kirsten Powers: Liberals' mob rule
Kiss The Son...Psalm 2 pt7
Kiss of Putin
Kisten Powers: From ObamaCare Cheerleader to Obamacare Victim
Kittens act out Ghostbusters
Kittens break in to prison, overpower staff with cuteness [w/pix]
Klein, Krugman Offer Biased Views of Confirmation Bias
Kluwe's lawyer calls Priefer investigation a 'charade,' threatens legal action
Knesset Passes New Infiltrators Law (illegal immigrants to Israel jailed up to 1 year)
Knesset speaker blasts US 'hypocrisy' for refusing to free Pollard
Knife Control Based on Same 'Irrational Premise' as Gun Control
Knife Rights Welcomes AKTI’s Support of Knife Rights’ Federal Law Initiative
Knife-wielding mob kills 28, injures dozens at China train station
KnockOut "Gamers" are The Villians, but Who Will Wear the White Hat of Resolution?
Knockout Attackers Freed, You Won’t Believe What Happened to the Victims
Knockout Game Goes Terribly RIGHT as Woman Wails on Her Attacker
Knockout Game Gone Wrong in Vegas as a Guy Trying to Hit a Girl Gets Hit Back Hard
Knockout: Victims of brutal Downtown Mall assault want arrests, and answers from police
Know Thy Enemy
Know what I want for Christmas?
Know what? Superimposing Emperor Palpatine's eyes onto liberals is no-so-surprisingly natural
Knowing the certainty of the season
Knowledge is Power: How the NSA bulk data seizure program is like gun registration
Knox's fury after being found GUILTY AGAIN
Kobe Bryant Changes Tune: Trayvon Martin 'Was Wronged'
Kobe Bryant Forced Back Onto Tribal Plantation After Heresy About Trayvon
Kobe Bryant Promotes Obamacare, Says Obama Could Make Lakers Roster
Kobe Bryant on the Trayvon Martin case: “I won’t react just because I’m African-American”
Kobe Bryant under fire for criticizing Lebron James and Miami Heat for supporting Trayvon Martin...
Kobe Bryant: Najee Ali’s Project Islamic Hope is Coming for You Over Trayvon Comments: Boycott!
Koch Brother Donates Money to Hospital, Liberals Protest (Not a Parody)
Koch Brothers Fire Back at 'Disrespectful and Divisive' Harry Reid
Koch Brothers hospital saved my life: Cancer patient
Koch Industries Responds to Harry Reid Attacks (Dingy went after private citizens)
Koch brothers group to hit Mark Udall in Colorado
Koch grant consistent with Church teaching, CUA tells critics
Kochh Brothers’ Donation to Catholic University Stirs Protests
Kochs Add Life
Kodi's Klassikal Konditioning (cat and a laser pointer)
Komen Sees Big Drop in Contributions After Dispute
Komen sees 22% decline in donations following Planned Parenthood funding controversy
Korea exports 24 attack jets to Iraq
Korea: The King Is Dead, Long Live The King
Korean Choppers to Be Armed with Israeli Missiles
Kosher vs Halal
Koskinen sworn in as IRS commissioner
Kraft Announces there is a Velveeta Cheese Shortage
Kraft Singles to lose artificial preservatives
Kraft: ‘Tommy’ The Greatest Of All Time
Krauthammer On Dems & Obamacare: "I Can't Believe It's A Coordinated Campaign, It's Too Insane"
Krauthammer Previews SOTU: Obama Is Admitting He Is A "Failure" (video)
Krauthammer Tells Fox Benghazi Is ‘Done’: ‘The Administration Has Won’
Krauthammer Tells PBS Viewers ‘Try Fox’ to Hear What You Won’t On This Show
Krauthammer on Healthcare.gov: 'All hell's going to break loose'
Krauthammer on O-Care Enrollment Claims: About as Trustworthy as Soviet Numbers on Steel Production
Krauthammer on Obamacare employer mandate delay: “This is stuff you do in a banana republic”
Krauthammer on Obamacare: "This Law Doesn't Even Exist; It Exists In Obama's Head" (video)
Krauthammer: Christie Gave Obama 'Lap Dance' After Sandy
Krauthammer: I don’t believe in God, but I fear him greatly
Krauthammer: If you subsidize apples, you get more apples. If you subsidize unemployment…
Krauthammer: Insurance Companies Ruined By ObamaCare Will Need a Bailout Next Year
Krauthammer: It takes real talent to antagonize Canada as an American Secretary of State
Krauthammer: It's as if the Whole 2,000 Pages of Obamacare are Completely Irrelevant
Krauthammer: January Is Going To Be A Train Wreck For Obama, Democrats (video)
Krauthammer: Mexico radioactive theft shows need for a secure border
Krauthammer: Obama Acts Like He Wandered Into White House on a Tour and Discovered He Was President
Krauthammer: ObamaCare 7.1 Million A 'Phony Number'
Krauthammer: Stop jerking Canada around
Krauthammer: Supreme Court unions case could mean 'ruin' for organized labor
Krauthammer: These ObamaCare changes are getting so endemic, “nobody even complains” anymore
Krauthammer: ‘It’s sort of touching the way Obama believes in the power of his rhetoric’
Krauthammer’s Take: Obama Is Being ‘Ridiculed by Russians’ [off the Christmas card list or else..]
Krauthammer’s Take: Obama Tells the World We Aren’t Going to Do Anything About Invasion of Ukraine
Krauthammer’s Take: ‘Nothing that Obama Has Done Would in Any Way Dissuade Putin’
Kremlin Chief Of Staff supports namesake who was denied sneakers in US shop
Kremlin Clears Way for Force in Ukraine; Separatist Split Feared [Russia Seizes Crimea!]
Kremlin Saturating Crimea with Propaganda, Troops, and Shady FSB Agents in Run-up to Succession Vote
Kremlin aide says Moscow astonished by US elaborations over gas prices for Ukraine
Kremlin website hit by 'powerful' cyber attack
Krispy Kreme Evangelization - Ecumenical
Kristen Stewart to Star in Romantic Adaptation of "1984" With Jennifer Lawrence's Boyfriend..
Kristol Loses It over Chuck Todd’s Suggestion Palin Might Run for President for the Money
Kristol Neoconservatism
Kristol Predicts Scarborough Will Seek 2016 Nomination as 'Huntsman' Republican
Kristol to Scarborough: You’ll run in 2016 to ‘fill the Jon Huntsman lane’ [VIDEO]
Kroger sued for not telling 'Simple Truth' on chicken labels
Krugman calls senator’s cancer story ‘garbage’
Krugman to leave Princeton for CUNY
Krugman: Delusions of Failure (Obamacare)
Ku Klux Klan On New Recruitment Drive With Leaflet Drop In Towns Across America
Kudlow Youth Summit: Obama losing young voters?
Kudos to Breitbart, if liberals want to mire the culture in filth then they should OWN IT!
Kugelblitz! Powering a Starship With a Black Hole
Kunming knife attack: Xinjiang separatists blamed for 'Chinese 9/11'
Kurds offer to export 100,000 bpd of oil in Iraq row
Kurt Chew-Een Lee dies at 88; decorated for bravery in Korean War
Kwanzaa: The Holiday Brought To You By the FBI
Kwanzaa: The Scientology of Holidays
Kwanzaa: just about gone from everywhere but “inner city” public schools and liberal schemes
Ky. seeks delay in recognizing same-sex marriage
Kyiv should rebuild its nuclear arsenal, says former minister
Kyoto Entrepreneur Turned 13 Stray Kittens Into A Popular Business
Kyrgyzstan Says Yanukovych Not Ukrainian President
L.A. Archbishop Reads Letters of Children of Illegal Aliens to Promote Amnesty
L.A. County confirms case of extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis
L.A. County deputies fatally shoot man by mistake
L.A. Times Cooks the Books as Obamacare Deadline Hits
L.A. gay couple to marry on Rose Parade float
L.A. has become a poverty factory
L.A. school board moves forward with computer effort
LA City Attorney To Drop Appeal Of Ban On Seizure Of Skid Row Property
LA County Confirms Flu Death Of Pregnant Woman, Unborn Child
LA Crews Aim For Largest Continuous Concrete Pour
LA Deputies Admit to Fatally Shooting Innocent Man (Helping hostage)
LA Gang Members Join the Fray in Syria – Fighting Alongside Regime (Video)
LA Public Defender Arrested After Drunken SFO Outburst
LA Senate: (exempt) Mary Landrieu a no show at event promoting Obamacare (Sebelius visit)
LA Senate: Landrieu still backs Obamacare, Louisiana voters don’t
LA Senate: Landrieu’s revisionist history on Obamacare’s canceled health plans
LA Times has a common sense moment
LA To Receive Up To $500M As White House ‘Promise Zone’
LA archbishop blesses immigration reform advocates going to Vatican
LA man charged in severed head case {All Hail Gay Lib & Open Borders}
LA mayor in Mexico: Obama should cut deportations
LA: Supreme Court Hears Oral Arguments on Enhanced Mandatory Sentencing for Gun Possession
LA:Burglar shot in attempted armed robbery and home invasion
LA:Call 911, Wait two hours; Buy Gun
LA:Intruder calls 911 after getting shot during break-in attempt
LAPD Chief Discusses Investigation Of Corvette Driver Killed By Police
LAPD Officer Bitten, Another Tasered In Chaotic NoHo Standoff
LAPD Seeks Good Samaritan Who Helped Friend Prior To His Death
LAPD Training To Use Combat-Style Trauma Kits
LAPD officers cleared in 'bath salts' beating case 'relieved'
LAPD officers violated policy in manhunt shooting
LAPD station shooting: Officer hit 7 times; expected to survive [Race not mentioned]
LAPD to pay $10 million in traffic ticket quota controversy
LASD Officials Plead Not Guilty To Conspiracy, Obstruction Charges
LASD: Teens Throw Party, Cause $1M In Damage To La Habra Heights Home
LAST WITNESS OF THE NUREMBURG TRIALS: compares Putin in the Duma with Hitler
LATEST NEWS American Cardinal says Pope wants to ‘stir things up,’ ahead of October synod
LAWMAKERS RUSH TO CATCH UP ON GAY MARRIAGE
LAWSUIT: Bill Clinton Flew on Fundraiser's Jet to Private Island Stocked with Teenage Sex Slaves...
LAYOFFS: NEW JERSEY'S STAR-LEDGER WIPES OUT 25% OF NEWSROOM
LDS Church follows Christ's 'blueprint,' speaker says [Lds leader says other churches invalid]
LEGISLATION INTRODUCED TO CHANGE GPO'S NAME TO GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE
LENR Cars CEO Responds to Investor Questions
LESSON OF ATLANTA SNOWJAM 2014!
LET GO OF YOUR CHAINS OF RESISTANCE ,LET THE LORD BECOME YOUR "ALL" IN THIS NEW YEAR !
LETTER: Don’t vote for ‘anybody but Cornyn’ (by Dwayne Stovall's campaign manager)
LETTER: Ralph Nader questions Obama administration’s ‘legal authority’ to shut out Fannie and
LETTER: Stovall best for U.S. senator (Texas Primary a week from today!!!)
LETTER: Suggestion: Don’t throw stones at Sarah Palin
LETTERS: Readers assess state Sen. Wendy Davis, secrets leaker Edward Snowden
LGBT Group Asks Obama to Allow Transgenders in Military Through Executive Order
LGBT Witch Hunt Takes Down Mozilla CEO: Fascism or Free Speech? (PODCAST)
LGBT activists present 45,000 petition signatures to IKEA U.S. Headquarters in Conshohocken
LGBT group to march in South Boston's St. Patrick's Day Parade
LIBERAL ICON URGES OBAMA IMPEACHMENT
LIBERAL LIES ABOUT “GLOBAL WARMING” PUT A FACE ON NOAA WEATHER FORECASTERS
LIBERAL PUNDIT ASKS DISNEY WHEN A MOVIE WILL FEATURE A PRINCESS MARRYING ANOTHER PRINCESS
LIBERALS TALK RACE AND CRIME - AND HILARITY ENSUES! ... Ann Coulter
LIBERTARIANISM & LIBERTY - COMPATIBLE WITH CHRISTIANITY SOCIALISM - COMPATIBLE WITH NEITHER
LIGNET: Putin Plans Military Bases in Latin American Power Play
LINCOLN SIGNS THE FEDERAL CONSCRIPTION ACT (March 3, 1863)
LINDSEY GRAHAM: You Still Don't Get It…Bless Your Heart (Bright rips him)
LINUX and WiFi
LIVE THREAD: Benghazi Talking Points Mike Morrell's Role in Shaping...(Hearing)
LIVE UPDATES: Deadly Shooting at Columbia Mall in Maryland
LIVE: Edmond soldier, Michael Behenna, released from prison
LIVE: Massive earthquake hits Chile; stronger temblor waiting in the wings?
LIVE: Obama speaks at CCSU
LOL! This has "Obamacare IT guys" written all over it...
LOL: Good Morning America Claims Obama Gave Russia 'Harsh Warning' Over Ukraine
LORD OF HOSTS
LOW TECH TERROR ON THE GRID - Why the terror attack in Silicon Valley?
LT COL Robert Bateman libels the NRA
LTC Bob Bateman: Less Manly Than a Little Girl [WARNING: Good article but HARSH LANGUAGE]
LUBBOCK COUNCILMAN VICTOR HERNANDEZ PENS RACE-BASED DEFENSE FOR ANTI-ABBOTT REMARKS
La Habra quake a reminder about dangerous Puente Hills fault
La Loi, C’est Obama Posted By
La. Police Claim Man Shot And Killed Himself While Handcuffed
La. Republican Chairman calling for McAllister's resignation
La. disqualifies food stamp recipients for overspending (Wal-Mart Looting Update)
La.’s Landrieu looks for independent, GOP support
LaTourettes Launch New Front in GOP War With Conservatives
Lab rat with a lab coat on becomes instant Global Warming Scientist
Labor Board Gives Student Athletes the Right to Unionize
Labor Chief Slams PM over Mandela Memorial Absence
Labor Commissioner Doesn’t Believe 36,000 Job Loss in NJ
Labor Department tells Arkansas businesswoman she can't have volunteers
Labor Force Participation in 2013 Lowest in 35 Years
Labor of Love
Labor to the Rescue in Southern Senate Races? Not Exactly
Labor union officials Obama betrayed health-care rollout
Labor union officials say Obama betrayed them in health-care rollout
Labor unions disappointed at 1 percent pay raise Obama to propose for federal workers
Lac-Megantic firefighter who found ex's body committed suicide
Lacey Holsworth, friend of MSU's Adreian Payne, has died
Lack of regulation of fast food fueling obesity epidemic, study says
Lactating border agent fired, fights for job
Ladies and Gentlemen, the First Lady of the United States of America
Ladies, here's the perfect response if your man ever admits he doesn't like guns
Lady Gaga to Debut New Music Video G.U.Y. on DATELINE NBC, 3/22 [Network News Culture Fail]
Lady Getting Car Towed
Lafayette Woman Named One of Louisiana's Most Wanted
Lago Vista charged with misdemeanor for kicking, flatulating in co-workers face
Lake Mary High School Shooting: Shots Reportedly Fired in Florida
Lake Superior nearing rare ice-over
Lake man's body was buried beneath mulch outside his retirement home
Lakeside Mall holiday display lampoons Affordable Care Act
Lakewood teen was to touch, knock down Orthodox woman for gang initiation, police say
Lamar Alexander Plummeting in Poll
Lamar Alexander’s Chief Of Staff Investigated For Child Pornography
Lancaster County Firefighters Facing Millions In Extra Costs Due To ObamaCare
Lance Armstrong: I'd Still Dope if I Could Do It Over Again
Land Bank Funding Makes It Into Supplemental Spending Bill
Land Bank Is Not a Good Deal For Citizens
Land of Inequality: Government of elites, by elites, for elites.
Land of the Tzars in colour: Fascinating photographs show the people..of pre-revolutionary Russia
Landcruiser Water Crossing
Landmark Afghan Election Begins Under Shadow of Violence
Landmark Settlement Reached In Preakness Arrest Case
Landrieu leads in conservative’s poll -- Louisiana
Language barrier kept truck driver from understanding warnings before hitting bridge....
Lankan Mafia Godmother: Breaks Men, Solicits, Fights Drug Dealers
Lankford to run for Coburn's Senate seat [Oklahoma House Speaker T.W. Shannon gets nods to run]
Lansing, Illinois woman shot at in road-rage incident on I-80/94
Lapid Urges Caution in Negotiations, Calls PA 'Unreliable'
Lapid: Israel's demand that Palestinians recognize Israel as Jewish state is rubbish
Laptop Bricked
Laptop containing Social Security numbers of South Carolina Health Insurance Pool members stolen
Laptop searches by agents at border OK, U.S. judge says
Lara Logan’s Leave of Absence Continues, As Fager Meets with Staff
Large Explosion Hits Central Cairo
Large Explosions in Simferopol, Capital of Crimea; Russians Suspected of Blowing Up Ammo Stocks
Large Pooh blocks Scottish sewers
Large Scale Solar Energy Generation May Be Over As Soon As It Has Begun (Mojave Desert)
Large explosion, fire in East Harlem; at least 11 hurt
Large, Invasive Lizard Taking Over Parts of Florida
Largest earthquake since 1980 strikes Yellowstone Park, at site of rapid uplift
Largo (Florida) police apologize for entering home without search warrant
Larry King: 'I've Never Seen Bias' on or off Air
Larry King: CNN’s ‘Got Problems,’ Should Play Spongebob Instead
Larry King: I Have Never Heard Of Juanita Broaddrick
Larry Klayman crows on NSA win: ‘We hit the mother lode’
Larry Klayman in huge CNN smackdown
Larry Kudlow Retiring, Wrapping Up 'The Kudlow Report' on CNBC
Larry Kudlow Says Goodbye: 'I Am a Blessed Person'
Larry Lujack 1940-2013
Larry Lujack, legendary Chicago DJ, dies
Larry Pratt On Fox News Sunday: Gun-Free Zones Are Murder Magnets
Larry Sabato: Republicans could really win it all in 2014, if…
Las Vegas Boxer Kirk Bills Wanted For Arson And Animal Cruelty
Las Vegas cab driver finds $300K in back seat
Las Vegas cabbie turns in $300,000 left in back seat - report
Lassa Fever Carried From West Africa To Minnesota By Traveler
Last Hurrahs for 5 Retiring Senate Chairmen (bums' rush: Dems hightailin' it outta Dodge City)
Last Living Medal of Honor Recipient from D-Day Dies – Mark Levin Pays Tribute (Audio)
Last Man Standing Rancher: armed feds are surrounding my farm
Last Man Standing: Nevada Ranch Family in Fedgov Face-off
Last light: Final phaseout of incandescent bulbs coming Jan. 1 (Stock up while you can!)
Last minute wrenching before the start of the 2000-mile long Iron Dog Race today!
Last moments recounted of official killed in crash
Last night’s SOTU was actually the least-watched in decades
Last rites for the BCS
Last satellite signal from MH370 'may have been sent while missing jet was on the GROUND'
Last week’s TODAY interview with Wendy Davis is suddenly a lot more interesting
LatAm summit in Cuba focus on poverty, inequality
Late Deliveries and Misplaced Blame
Late Iowa farmer hid generosity throughout life, priest says (Catholic Caucus)
Late-Term Abortion Clinic in Ohio Shut Down After Breaking State Law
Latest EU Proposal: Let's Just Keep Pretending for Another 50 Years!
Latest Estimate of Illegal Alien Population Exceeds Unemployed
Latest Hillary Clinton-Jeb Bush Meeting Adds to 2016 Chatter
Latest Navy SEAL K9's Equipped with Live Camera, Kevlar Vest, and Night-Vision Goggles
Latest News From Ukrainian Protests_20.02.2014
Latest News ‘U’ Students Want Crime Alerts To Avoid Using Racial Descriptions (MN)
Latest ObamaCare surprise: Most won't be able to buy health insurance until end of year
Latest Obamacare Rewrite: Readers Point Out the Obvious Which Sarah Kliff Avoids
Latest Sites of Breaches in Security Are Hotels
Latest UFO Sightings
Latest casualty of ObamaCare: Volunteer fire departments?
Latest delay adds to chaotic rollout of Obama's health law
Latest perk on Google buses: security guards
Latham: Cornyn makes sense on immigration
Latin America Is World's Most Violent Region (1/3 of global homicides)
Latin King leader wants to conceal and carry
Latin Kings gang members face RICO charges in Osceola County
Latin Mass in a Star Trek Chapel
Latina Actress Under Fire For Endorsing A Tea Party Immigration Hardliner For California Governor
Latino Leader Calls Obama ‘Deporter in Chief’
Latino Leaders Try to Boost Mark-Viverito’s Speaker Candidacy
Latino Rights Groups Praise Nelson Mandela As An Inspiration For Their Struggle
Latino group leader: Obama is 'deporter in chief'
Latino groups reject charge that immigration protesters are harassing Republicans
Latino population to surpass whites in California in two months..
Latinos Are Ready to Battle Climate Change if EPA Will Include Them in the Fight
Latinos Shun Obamacare Over Deportation Fears
Latinos become California's largest demographic though political clout lags
Latinos remain wary of Obamacare as deadline looms
Latinos' Approval Of President Obama Plummets; Potential Major Problem For Democrats
Latvia becomes 18th country to join eurozone
Latvia has offered military assistance to Ukraine
Latvia, Lithuania ban Russia TV broadcasts
Latvia: Waffen SS veterans’ commemorative march in Riga
Lauderhill Mother Gave Children NyQuil, Sleeping Pills Before Leaving for Work: Deputies
Laulhère becomes the sole producer of berets in France.
Launching Samsung's Fli-Fy Pigeons
Laura Bush: Let’s talk about the ‘First Gentleman’s’ weight (Barbara goes off on fat people)
Laura Ingraham battles George Will as conservative civil war over immigration intensifies [VIDEO]
Laura Ingraham defends Phil Robertson (vanity)
Laura Ingraham: Sen. Jeff Sessions Should Run for President (Not so fast, Laura)
Laurens Co. remains identified as missing grandmother's
Lavrov, Kerry discussed Ukraine constitutional reform, fair elections
Lavrov: If West accepts coup-appointed Kiev govt it must accept a Russian Crimea (Federalization)
Lavrov: contact group for Russia-Ukraine talks ‘unacceptable format’
Law & Order SVU Episodes Involves de Blasio Administration Targeting Police
Law Enforcement Inequality
Law Firm: Fifth-Grader Suspended for 'Shooting' Imaginary 'Arrow' at Classmate
Law Limiting Free Newspapers: Changing the Freedom of the Press?
Law Professor: President Oversteps Authority on Obamacare (cites political motive)
Law School Grad Forced Into Retail Job Blogs The Loss Of His 'Last Shred Of Dignity'
Law enforcement 'deny there were any drugs' at Justin Bieber's mansion ....
Law of Bad Ideas: Democrat Sponsored "Income Inequality"
Law of Social Media: Digital Coup Coming
Lawbreaking Rancher Cliven Bundy Wins Victory That Will Embolden Domestic Terrorists (BARF!)
Lawless Wild West – Boulder City Council Boasts Illegal Alien Member
Lawless and Unaccountable: Holder gives nod to state AGs to drop defense of gay marriage bans
Lawmaker calls Congress 'underpaid', objects to salary freeze
Lawmaker hopes upcoming daylight savings will be Tennessee's last
Lawmaker wants pot off federal drug list
Lawmaker: George Washington could not tell ‘lie’ that ObamaCare is ‘affordable’
Lawmaker: Obama is 'blaming the voters' Says president doesn't like the Congress they gave him
Lawmaker: Stop putting kids in 'scream rooms'
Lawmakers Advance Effort to Legalize Raw Milk
Lawmakers Consider Preventing ALL Marriage In Oklahoma
Lawmakers Hear Proposals to Improve Retirement Security
Lawmakers Move Away From Giving Land Banks Exclusive Privileges
Lawmakers Poised To Continue Corporate Welfare Fund
Lawmakers Ramp Up Pressure on Other Drugstores to Yank Tobacco Products
Lawmakers hearing from top CIA official on Benghazi, amid questions about ex-director’s role
Lawmakers plot new strategy for defying gun laws (Missouri)
Lawmakers reach deal to hike minimum wage to $9.50
Lawmakers renew push to prevent military pension cuts
Lawmakers say Obama surveillance idea won’t work
Lawmakers send school finance bill to Brownback
Lawmakers stress urgency as feds finish new sulfur rules for gasoline
Lawmakers to Introduce Bipartisan Voting Rights Act Fix (the Elect and Re-Elect Democrats Act)
Lawmakers to consider package of bills on Crimea's joining Russia
Lawmakers unveil massive $1.1 trillion spending bill in bipartisan compromise
Lawmakers visit school where lunches were tossed for kids without funds
Lawmakers vow to reverse military pension cuts ("OOPS" Alert)
Lawmakers want to see the ‘black budget’
Lawmakers won’t have to disclose the farm subsidies they receive
Lawmakers ‘Disturbed and Angered’ After Classified Briefing Reveals Extent of Snowden Defense Leaks
Lawmakers' conference readies budget to jam through House
Lawmakers: CIA #2 Lied to Us About Benghazi
Lawmakers: NFL Has Completely Ignored N.J. During Super Bowl Ramp-Up
Lawrence Walsh, Iran-Contra Prosecutor, Has Died
Lawrence of Arabia star Peter O'Toole dies aged 81
Laws and Politicians are made to be broken
Lawsuit Against Boy Scouts of America Involves Salinas Man
Lawsuit Claims Melrose Eatery Replaced Female Servers With ‘Handsome Men’
Lawsuit Doesn’t Free Employers from ACA Mandate
Lawsuit Filed Against Christie, Others Over Traffic Jams (For Being Late to Work, Panic Attack)
Lawsuit Filed Against Nevada Health Exchange
Lawsuit Filed Against Union Over Dues Policies, 'Fair Representation'
Lawsuit against Filner features animation
Lawsuit against US bishops wrong on abortion, doctor says (details emerge)
Lawsuit demands city eliminate stink on rocks at La Jolla Cove (California)
Lawsuit seeks to overturn Florida ban on gay marriage
Lawsuit: Cop Tasers Cop, Innocent Man Dies
Lawsuit: Cop lets DWI suspect go after asking for her number
Lawsuit: Cops Hit Man’s Car, Check To Make Sure They Aren’t On Camera, Arrest Him To Cover It Up
Lawsuit: Man Arrested, Searched For Marijuana Solely For Having Colorado License Plate
Lawsuit: Oracle called $50K 'good money for an Indian'
Lawyer charts legal moves in brain-dead girl case
Lawyer for 'Shrimp Boy' blames feds for predicament
Lawyer killed in mall carjacking was protecting wife (No perp description after 3 days...)
Lawyer of stabbings suspect Alex Hribal: 'All the students liked him'
Lawyer on Christie’s SCHOOL FUNDING task force is bankrolling teen suing parents for college cash
Lawyer sues after FBI foils his quest to learn if he was spied on
Lawyer who led probe says 'not a shred of evidence' Christie knew of bridge scandal
Lawyer: Biden's niece in treatment after NYC arrest
Lawyer: People should be ‘outraged’ (video - NMSP officer shoots, kills driver during traffic stop)
Lawyers And Headhunters - Waiting On Accidents To Happen
Lawyers Argue Gay Marriage Harmful to Children
Lawyers: Gay marriage a detriment to children
Lay Catholics Object to Cardinal Dolan's Lament That Catholics Could've Been 'Cheerleaders'…
Laying the Lox on Thick, a Dating Site Focuses on Jewish Humor
Layoff
Layoffs Hit Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia
Layoffs hit Intel (vanity)
Laziest Gun in the World
Lazy lifestyles reducing British life expectancy: experts
Le Affaires d'Etat
Le dîner de Mariele - Chien drôle mange à table (Doggie Ping laugh!)
LeBron Breaks Nose Against Thunder
LeBron James Obamacare assist: LBJ set to appear in ads promoting health care reform
LeBron James swaps black mask... for clear one at request of NBA
LeDuff: A Detroit labor war is breaking out over pension funds
LeDuff: Don't just blame GM, blame the politicians too
Lead Developer Of HPV Vaccines Comes Clean, Warns Parents & Young Girls It’s All A Giant Deadly Scam
Lead Smelters and Leftist Lunacy
Leader of Ukraine's Right Sector, revolution's enforcers, rails against Putin & Jewish oligarchs
Leaders call for an end to 'knockout game'
Leaders in east Ukraine vote to take control of their areas
Leading British Conservative: Immigration Makes Us 'Give Up Our Culture and Identity'
Leading Marxist historian Eric Hobsbawm leaves £1.8million estate in his will
Leading Republicans Move to Stamp Out Challenges From Right
Leading Researcher Says he has replicated at Least Five LENR technologies for DARPA
Leading U.S. Think Tank Concludes E.U. Deal Would Have Ruined Ukraine
Leading climate researcher asked to be removed from UN study over its “alarmist, silly” statements
Leading pro-Western pol killed in powerful Beirut blast
League of Conservation Voters Group - Vanity
Leahy Threatens to Change Judiciary Panel Rules to Fight Republican Obstruction (Updated)
Leahy: Obama-Castro handshake critics 'petty'
Leaked Audio Depicts U.S. Diplomat Cursing E.U.
Leaked Passwords On Display At a German Museum
Leaked Recordings Lay Bare E.U. and U.S. Divisions in Goals for Ukraine
Leaked Records Reveal Offshore Holdings of China’s Elite
Leaky Spacesuit Fixed For Christmas Spacewalk Blitz On Station, NASA Says
Learning From Solzhenitsyn II
Learning the Wrong Lessons from Nazism: Misunderstanding of World War II Shapes the Left's Worldview
Leaving Afghanistan
Lebanese Soldier 'Hands Himself in' After Deadly Shooting
Lebanese army fires at Syrian warplanes for first time
Lebanese sniper kills IDF soldier near border
Lebanon blasts reflect spillover of Iran-Saudi proxy war in Syria
Lech Walesa: Obama 'Wasn't Ready' to Be a World Leader
Led Zeppelin - I Can't Quit You Baby
Led Zeppelin-Stairway to Heaven
Lee Bright: Lindsey Graham Unplugged … Or So He Thought
Lee Bright: My Story (South Carolina GOP Senate Candidate)
Lee County (FL) teen kicks elderly man, friend videotapes
Lee Rigby Killers sentenced: One gets 'whole life' other possibility of parole in 45 years.
Lee Rigby murder: Adebolajo and Adebowale jailed
Leeches save hand, help Illinois man avoid amputation
Leeds dog attack: Man released on bail(Dogs kill pregnant woman)
Left Creates "Polar Vortex" to Make You Think Winter is Caused by Global Warming
Left Party leader criticizes German attitude to far-right forces in Ukraine
Left Turn in the Emerging Markets
Left for dead in 1948: the battle that shaped Arik Sharon
Left leaning ‘Organizing for Action’ aims to push gun control on Sandy Hook anniversary
Left ready to take down Scott Walker over an old investigation that’s already been closed
Left to Die in Benghazi
Left to die in Benghazi
Left wing fascism grows. Harry Reid says woman cancer patients are faking it.
Left-Wing Support Group
Left-wing Totalitarianism in America
Lefties Deciding Who’s a Conservative
Leftism: A Radical Faith
Leftist Activists Bribe Israeli Passersby To Support ‘Peace’
Leftist Government Officials Attack NYC Charter Schools
Leftist Thought-Gangsters Strike Again
Leftist cult leader compared to Republicans
Leftist lawmaker gets 12-year prison term for rebellion plot
Leftists Denounce the NYC They Created
Leftists become incandescent when reminded of the socialist roots of Nazism
Leftmedia Celebrating Meaningless, Movable O-Care Goalposts
Lefty Conspiracy Theory Exploded
Lefty Law of the Day: Albany Lands Blow Against Big… Styrofoam (NY county)
Lefty Meltdown Leads Latin Revival
Left’s new takedown of Scott Walker: He broke the rules while campaigning for … college president
Legacy releases sweet song as Australian troops return home
Legal Cloud Hangs Over President Obama's Illegal Minimum Wage Hike
Legal Question About Census...
Legal Workaround to Labor Forced by Homosexual Privilege
Legal challenge to VW union election could be 'uncharted territory'
Legal expert calls for Mozilla boycott after CEO apologizes for backing true marriage
Legal fight to tear down Miami Beach mansion over [Private Property Victory]
Legal or not, you could get fired for smoking pot (Colorado)
Legality of the Crimean Referendum: Legal Analysis
Legalized medicinal pot has new supporter: Harry Reid
Legendary Actress Joan Fontaine Dies at 96
Legendary Producer Saul Zaentz Dies at 92
Legendary QB John Elway Tells FOX News Sunday Why He’s a Republican (Video)
Legislation Introduced to Protect State Sovereignty Over Definition of Marriage
Legislative wrap: Minimum wage, education funds successes in election-year General Assembly
Legislators Introducing Bill to Nullify Obamacare in Georgia
Legislators Worried About Beer Logos
Legislators learn how silencers affect guns
Legislators want students who can’t read to be held back
Legislature: Keep Obamacare out of our State
Lego Movie. Anyone seen it?
Lego is a tool of Satan, warns Polish priest
Leigh Steinberg, former super agent seeks Hollywood-like comeback from alcoholism
Leland Yee Blackout: CNN Mocks Citizen Who Wants Coverage of Arms Trafficking Scandal
Leland Yee denounced by gun lobby as a 'hypocrite' and 'scumbag'
Leland Yee reportedly arrested in corruption case
Leland Yee withdraws from Secretary of State race
Leland Yee, the Kochs, and the Press
Leland Yee: An Anti-Gun Democrat Jihadists Can Love
Lena Dunham may quit acting; rails against women getting typecast
Lena Dunham: A 'Huge Disappointment' to Like Men, not Women
Lenin and Religion
Lenin statue toppled as 500,000 protest government on streets of Ukraine
Leno: Pot Impairs Young People, Makes Them 'More Likely to Sign Up for Obamacare'
Leno: ‘American Hustle - a Film About the Marketing of ObamaCare’
Lent At Ephesus
Lent is coming: Time to prepare Printable Lent Worksheet
Lenten Station Churches of Rome - Ash Wednesday - Santa Sabina (LIVE coverage 10:30 am)
Leonard Nimoy Reveals He Has Lung Disease, Warns Against Smoking
Leonardo DiCaprio Addresses ‘Wolf’ Controversy: ‘We’re Not Condoning This Behavior’
Lerner Likely Waived the Fifth and Can Be Held in Contempt
Lerner contempt charges on hold
Lerner's attorney says she won't testify, Issa wrong
Les Paul - Sleepwalk - [3:02 music]
Lesbian Denied Haircut by Male Muslim Barbers
Lesbian boss "fired me for being straight"
Lesbian boss ‘fired me for being straight’
Lesbian couple 'starved their three children so badly they looked like concentration camp victims'
Lesbian couple says baby’s baptism a sign Catholic views changing,want gay ‘marriage’ blessings
Lesbian waitress in ‘anti-gay’ receipt flap fired
Lesley Stahl Shocker: Men and Women are Different! (Really, Who Knew?)
Leslie Frazier needs to be FIRED!
Lesson for Union Dinosaurs: Detroit Bankruptcy
Lessons For US Citizens From The Deposit Confiscation In Cyprus
Lessons From God via "Dude, You're Screwed"
Lessons From the Floating Coffin
Lessons Learned the Hard Way About Food Storage, by The Northern Prep
Lessons and Regrets Precede Florida Special Election
Lessons for Israel From America’s Civil War in Coping With Treason
Lessons from America’s Sweetheart
Lessons in cuddling: Pit bulls and tabby cat show us how it's done [photos]
Lessons of Snowstorm 2014
Lessons of World War II: Nazism and Islam: So,How's Your Arabic?
Lessons of the Pro-Life Blackout: From Pressure to Persecution
Lessons on the New Left from the Hanoi Hilton
Lest We Forget: Hillary’s Heroism Under Fire
Lest so many words complicate a simple question
Lest we forget
Let 50 Cannabis Flowers Bloom
Let Authority of 'Hidden Law' Rule in Arizona
Let Go and Let God?
Let The Gas Loose
Let The Midterms Begin: Texas Holds First Primary Of 2014 Election
Let Them Eat Cake
Let Them Eat Cake: Battling the Jihad of Sodomy
Let Women Carry Concealed Firearms on Campus
Let me tell you what my father got my mother for Christmas.
Let the voters decide the fate of same-sex marriage: The Supreme Court would be wise to do this.
Let us send our daughters to die in battle for the sake of gender neutrality!
Let world judge Israel by single standard, judge those who condemn Israel by same standard
Let's All Give Black Cats the Love They Deserve!
Let's Call Time-Out On Unionizing College Football Players
Let's Face It, The Olympics Are Always Ridiculous And Usually Financially Disastrous
Let's GO to Green! Last Day of this Month! We Can Do This! (FReepathon Thread XXVIII)
Let's Honor Opportunity and Achievement
Let's Just Call the God of the Bible `Allah'
Let's Not Kid Ourselves About Marijuana
Let's Read the Polls About Amnesty
Let's Split
Let's Start an 0bama Score Card
Let's finish this FReepathon and get on to discussing and working on the coming election
Let's help prevent school shootings
Let's not get carried away with Minnesota budget surplus
Let's pluck 'Duck Dynasty' and sweep away trailer-trash TV
Lets start a Mail drop on Boehner, Send pictures of Gonads
Letter "reveals WWI plans one year before assassination"
Letter From Afghanistan
Letter Tied to Fight for Independence Is Found in Museum’s Attic
Letter and powder spark alarm at US consulate (in Berlin, Germany)
Letter from Africa: How the history of real racism and human nature, is distorted by the Left.
Letter from Congress calls ATF sting tactics 'almost unimaginable"
Letter from McCain
Letter from nonagenarian World War II veteran criticizes President Obama.
Letter to Boehner on “Select Committee on Benghazi”
Letter to Congress Opposing Gutting the Military
Letter to My Newborn Daughter
Letter to Santa, from a shelter dog
Letter: Anderson County Censured Graham, Too (one county at a time...till June!)
Letter: Environmentalists should be embracing deep-shale drilling
Letter: Palin predicted current mess
Letter: Remember Graham’s record
Letting Detroit Off Easy
Let’s Call a Penalty on the NFL’s Anti-Gun Bias
Let’s Move: 1.6M Paying Students Drop School Lunch—‘Challenges With Palatability’
Let’s Read the Polls About Amnesty
Let’s Save California Now! : Here are a dozen proposals
Let’s Understand What’s at Stake [Communion for the Remarried]
Let’s bury Mitch McConnell and put some fear into every Republican in Congress
Let’s compare Michelle Obama’s birthday party with Laura Bush’s when George was in office
Let’s nationalize Fox News: Imagining a very different media
Let’s review some of the most fascinating drones
Level of volunteerism in America hits record low
Levin on Obama Imaginary Son Football Quote: 'I Wouldn't Let My Son Be an Ambassador Under You'
Levin won't back Ayotte bill to repeal military pension cuts (Illegals win, Veterans lose)
Levin: Obama Has No ‘Constitutional Authority To Do Half of What He’s Doing’
Levin: Obamacare 'Is Whatever Obama Says It Is'
Lew: U.S. likely able to pay bills through Feb.27
Lewis Farrakhan Wants His Own Water Fountain
Lewistown Pro Life March
Lexington County GOP Becomes the 8th to Censure Sen. Lindsey Graham
Liam Neeson Blasts Bill de Blasio’s Anti-Horse Campaign
Liam Neeson chides NYC mayor on horse carriages
Liam Neeson saves dog from a group of teenagers
Lib Dems have held us back, says Cameron: PM says Britain deserves a ‘more accountable’ Government…
Lib law prof: Obama’s unconstitutional power grabs are creating a “very dangerous & unstable system”
Liberal "Nation" Magazine Freaking Over 'Racist' Seminole Mascot Winning BCS
Liberal 'trolls' post list of conservative Facebook pages marked for takeover
Liberal Apologists Must Keep Clinton Files Zipped
Liberal Arrogance Continues With Colorado Marriage Education Act
Liberal Billionaire Spearheads Big Ad Campaign on Climate Change
Liberal Bullying and the War on Testosterone
Liberal Catholics Fault the Pope
Liberal Commercial Talk Radio Disappears in NY, LA, SF in 2014 Only NPR is left.
Liberal Debate Tactics that I use and want to share and fine tune
Liberal Disturbed by Obama's Middle Name
Liberal Economic Mythology on Unemployment Benefits
Liberal Icon Urges Impeachment: Obama 'The Most Destructive, Dangerous President We've Ever Had'
Liberal Judge: My Reverse Racism Made Me Convict White ‘Killer’
Liberal Laughs At Col. Allen West For Being A Black Conservative; West Cleans His Clock
Liberal Mass Hysteria and how it hurts all of us
Liberal Media Schizophrenic Over Wendy Davis's Virtual Flip-Flop on Abortion
Liberal Media: People Mocking Obama´s PajamaBoy Are Racist, Homophobic Cyberbullies
Liberal Prof.: Obama Has Brought Us To ‘Constitutional Tipping Point’
Liberal Radio Host to NRA Board Member: 'I Will Shoot You'
Liberal Reporter attacks Child for Getting Good Grades
Liberal Students Have a Funny Definition of 'Diversity'
Liberal Talk Radio Dead In LA; Replaced By Rush And Sean
Liberal Term"Access To Quality Health-Care".But Isn't More Like,"Access To Severe Doctor Shortages"?
Liberal Tolerance on Display
Liberal blogger catches Maddow lying about Chris Christie's "Lanegate" (Vanity)
Liberal columnist 'getting sick' of defending Obamacare
Liberal critics of Koch brothers ignore their philanthropy
Liberal foolishness on welfare is nothing new, even the founding fathers knew it...
Liberal group touted access to Hillary Clinton for $250,000
Liberal groups: O-Care breaking voting law - ACA website not properly registering voters
Liberal hatemongers explode over innocent picture of 12-year-old Piper Palin
Liberal madness is often mundane
Liberal mag admits: Romney was right about Russia
Liberal rhetoric goes nuclear in 2013
Liberal study: CNN misled on global warming coverage because it allowed debate
Liberal ‘media’ group gets $520G dark money donation for war on right
Liberal ‘media’ group gets $520k dark money donation for war on right
Liberalism in Brooklyn
Liberalism in one minute: Faux intellect, wrapped in ignorance, and doused in group think.
Liberalism vs Blacks
Liberalism's Biggest Lie: If You Like Your Morality, You Can Keep Your Morality
Liberalism's flawed logic on government power in a nutshell...
Liberalism’s Biggest Lie: If You Like Your Morality, You Can Keep Your Morality
Liberals Are Culture War Aggressors
Liberals Believe That White Conservatives Should Not Adopt Black Children
Liberals Claim Obama Has Reduced National Deficit By 50%
Liberals Double Down on Inequality
Liberals Excited That Less Than 15 Percent of Federal Anti-Poverty Programs Are Effective
Liberals Have Got What They Asked For
Liberals Must Destroy Anyone Who Bursts Their Utopian Bubble with Reality
Liberals Outraged by Cadillac Ad
Liberals Outraged! Scandinavian Zoo Feeds Meat to Lion!
Liberals Who Have Forgotten How to be Liberal
Liberals Win Only If We Refuse To Fight Back
Liberals and Their Uppity Enemies
Liberals and the “Discrimination” Ruse
Liberals are right when they say conservatives have a problem with Obama's color
Liberals find comfort level in 'NPR of gun clubs'
Liberals have bubkes on Scott Walker
Liberals in Uniform? Really?
Liberals outraged (hard to believe) about Cadillac ad
Liberals protest $100 million donation to hospital because David Koch gave the money
Liberals set to form majority Quebec government (Socialists Crushed Alert)
Liberals want to mess with Duck Dynasty? They'll never learn...
Liberals want to stop men from checking out women
Liberals would have NEVER been able to establish Christmas for two simple reasons...
Liberals, Unions and Teachers Find New Uses for Dead Children
Liberals’ Skewed View of Conservatives
Liberated US Tourist, Held Captive in North Korea, Declines Ride Home With Joe Biden
Liberation Of Europe From Gazprom Due To Nat Gas Exports Is Nonsense, Cheniere CEO
Liberation Theology is back as Pope Francis holds capitalism to account
Liberia confirms spread of 'unprecedented' Ebola epidemic
Liberman: 'Be Like the British - Let Terrorists Hunger Strike'
Libertarian Porn, Part II
Libertarian at CPAC Says Government Violating Rights of Religions That Support Same-Sex Marriage
Libertarian wing of GOP gains strength in Congress
Liberty and Security in a Changing World
Liberty in Christ
Liberty, Prosperity and Humility on Thanksgiving: A proclamation in George Washington's own words
LibertyNEWS TV - "An Amazing Admission from a 'True Believer' Journalist"
Libraries to feds: Stop spying on us
Libs Searching for Their Own Media Star
Libs talk race and crime --- and hilarity ensues!
Libya Chaos Worsens
Libya halts North Korean-flagged tanker loaded with rebel oil
Libya poised to retake oil ports from rebels in move that could split country
Libya threatens to bomb North Korean tanker if it ships oil from rebel port
Libya's PM warns may sink oil tankers nearing east ports
Libya's guns free-for-all fuels region's turmoil (another Somalia)
Libyan Government Basing New Constitution on Shariah, Targeting Christians (Bush's fault too)
Libyan assembly votes to follow Islamic law
Libyan blast injures six children at Benghazi school
Libyan parliament sacks prime minister after rebels export oil
Libyan planes attack unruly militias in south, army on alert
Libyan president: 'No doubt' attack 'preplanned' (Flashback: 2012)
License plate tracking nabs criminals, keeps tabs on thousands of innocent people
Licensed Private Investigator raises Flags in Malik Obama IRS case
Licensed to drive [Editorial]Our view: Allowing undocumented immigrants to drive
Lie of the Year: 'If you like your health care plan, you can keep it' (Politifact)
Lies, Deception and Power - This Is Obamacare
Lies, Lawlessness and License – The Obama Legacy? “The road to hell is paved with good intentions”
Life After Tenure
Life beyond Earth? Nasa finds water in five distant planets
Life in Apartheid-Era South Africa
Life in the land of make believe
Life on the New York City Plantation: Just Listen to the Speeches at the De Blasio inauguration
Life under apartheid: demeaning, often brutal
Life with 19 Kids and Counting: A Conversation with the Duggars
LifeNews Tells Girl Scouts: We Won’t Stop Reporting Your Link to Planned Parenthood
LifeSaver App Prevents Distracted Driving
Lifetime ban for sex bribe referee
Lifetime ban, jail for letting cattle starve
Life’s Paladin: Jérôme Lejeune (medical pioneer)
Light Bulb Ban Set to Take Effect
LightSquared Proposes New Financing as Way to Emerge From Bankruptcy
Lightning Breaks Finger Off Rio’s Christ Statue
Lightning blasts hole in roof of Green Lake church
Lightning breaks finger off Christ statue [Rio de Janeiro]
Lights Out [scary short film]
Lights Out for NSA? Maryland Lawmakers Push to Cut Water, Electricity to Spy Agency Headquarters
Like A Broken Record, Union Complains About 'Insufficient Funds'
Like one of us (General Audience)
Like_youknow
Likely Hillary challenger in 2016: I can’t think of a single positive thing Obama’s done
Lil Za [D-bag Bieber's thug sidekick] says reporters were being racist by exaggerating drug charges
Lila Rose interviews Ex-Girlscouts Sydney and Tess about [Girl Scouts/Planned Parenthood Alliance]
Lili Estefan Net Worth [Obama fundraiser host this week in Florida]
Limbaugh Blasts Colbert Hire [re For Letterman]: CBS Declaring "War on the Heartland"
Limbaugh Says ‘Democrats Are Living in Mortal Fear’ of the Day This ‘Huge’ Story Is Widely Reported
Limbaugh just "swerved into" the "Mononymous1 Effect"
Limbaugh: Obama 'Is an Absolute Economic Idiot'
Lime Prices Are Surging (Citrus)
Limits on the Treaty Power
Limits to Growth - At Our Doorstep, But Not Recognized
Lincoln High teacher charged with rape of students
Lincoln Looks South of the Border (Abe upholds the Monroe Doctrine)
Lincoln Park teen sues parents, claims she was thrown out of home
Lincoln and Obama: Two Tyrants
Lincoln waitress receives the tip of a lifetime
Lincoln's Tariff War
Linda Tirado’s Poverty Porn
Lindenwold cops: Report crime, forget immigration status
Linder Letter: Republicans Need to Focus on Reagan Democrats (RE: Ted Cruz)
Lindsey Graham Caught on Hot Mic Offering John Kerry Some 'Help'
Lindsey Graham Declares (Hypocritical) War On The CIA … FOR SPYING ON LAWMAKERS
Lindsey Graham Defends His Rights, Forgets to Defend Yours
Lindsey Graham Got Censured Again
Lindsey Graham Only Likes Gov’t Spying When It’s Not Used on Him
Lindsey Graham To Be Confronted By Challenger
Lindsey Graham Used The Comcast-Time Warner Senate Hearing To Replace His DirecTV
Lindsey Graham bullies Horry County GOP
Lindsey Graham challenger calls SC senator "ambiguously gay"
Lindsey Graham challenger to raffle AR-15 (drawing attention to Graham's gun control votes!)
Lindsey Graham hopes ‘we don’t lose Alaska’
Lindsey Graham offers to ‘help’ Kerry deal with Boehner on Ukraine
Lindsey Graham stung as censures of RINOs sweep GOP
Lindsey Graham turns hard right in bid to retain U.S. Senate seat
Lindsey Graham's Hissy Fit / Lee Bright MONEY BOMB!
Lindsey Graham: I 'Embrace' Being a 'Chamber of Commerce Republican'
Lindsey Graham: More Special Interest Whoring
Lindsey Graham: NSA data collection 'not Fourth Amendment' issue
Lindsey Graham: No friend to the Tea Party and Republican in name only
Lindsey Graham: Obama Lap Dog
Lindsey Graham: Paul Ryan Is Presidential Material(backstabbers alert)
Lindsey Graham: The Seven Million Dollar Fabrication
Lindsey Graham: When Obama threatens Putin, ‘everybody’s eyes roll’ [VIDEO]
Lindsey Graham’s reelection chances are looking slim
Lindsey Williams: What is Coming Down for America
Lingerie store accepts EBT card
Link to up to the minute Ukrainian liveblog. With many photos, analysis and news.
Linking California (Democratic) Sen. Yee's voting record to major donations
Linseed Grahamnesty DARES Conservatives to End his Misguided Career...
Linux Kernel Patching Gets Dynamic
LinuxDevices content returns to the Web
Lip Service Not Enough
Liquid nicotine: Just a teaspoon could kill
Lisa Madigan: Illinois counties can allow same-sex marriages now [God Mockers]
List of A & E Advertisers
List of Clinton Pardons (They love coke and meth dealers)
Listen to Dr. Bill Watenburg tonight!
Listen to Jamiel's Law (Live)
Listening devices in Edison police headquarters secretly recorded officers, attorneys, civilians
Listening to Karl Rove is like drinking raw eggs
Listening to ‘Uncle' Warren Buffett Pays off Handsomely
Literal Hermeneutics, Theological Method, and the Essence of Dispensationalism
Literally Messing with their Brain. What Recent Scientific Studies Can Teach Us About...
Lithuania confirms torture of Ukrainian activist, urges probe
Little Canada man's trial opens in filming of deputy, medics(MN)
Little Disclosure on Business Subsidies
Little Dog's Scream is Worse than His Bite
Little Girl Taken Out Of Christian School After Told She's Too Much Like A Boy
Little House on the Prairie Actor Richard Bull Dies
Little Italy is on the brink of extinction
Little League Coach Sues Player for $500k for Accidentally Hitting Him With Helmet
Little League coach sues player for $600,000 over injury suffered from helmet toss
Little Monsters
Little Pavel Crosses the Border
Little Pavel and the Orange Jumpsuits
Little People, Big Lie – Obamacare Cancels Healthcare for Stars of “Little People, Big World”
Little R-S-P-E-C-T [Dowd]
Little Sisters in the Political Madhouse - “President Obama vs. The Little Sisters of the Poor”
Little Sisters of the Poor Case: The Administration’s Position Goes from the Absurd to the Surreal
Little Sisters of the Poor Win Another Round Against Obamacare(take That obama)
Little Sisters of the Poor stand firm against mandate
Little Sisters of the Poor vs. Obama -- free exercise of religion is under attack
Little Sisters of the Poor: Doing God’s Work. Fighting Goliath
Little Sisters threatened by HHS mandate, lawyers argue
Little oil town has nation’s highest rents
Little-Known Health Act Fact: Prison Inmates Are Signing Up:ObamaCare Prisoner Sign-Up
Live Birth Fossil Exposes Evolutionary Enigma
Live Blog: Contraception Cases at Supreme Court
Live Chat with Shaun McAfee
Live Feed NOW! Tea Party Response to SOTU by Senator Mike Lee
Live Feed Ukraine Protestors--Kiev
Live Kiev Uprising video (must see!)
Live Music Is Not Dead
Live Stream Discussion thread: CPAC starts at 9AM--Cruz speaks first--C-span coverage Thur-Sat
Live Stream || Obama on the Economy – December 4, 2013
Live Thread : Justice Department Oversight
Live Thread: Day 1 of Special Tribunal for Lebanon in Hague (live video in English)
Live Thread: Enforcing the President’s Constitutional Duty to Faithfully Execute the Laws
Live Thread: House Oversight & Reform Subcommittee: IRS Targeting Investigation
Live Thread: House Ways and Means-Subcommittee on Oversight: IRS Oversight
Live Thread: Obama to Speak on State of the Sham Wow NSA Surveillance 11 A.M. EST 1/17/14
Live Thread: Obama to Speak on Ukraine at 10:45 a.m. EST 3/17/14
Live Thread: Obama's End of Year State of the Sham Wow Press Conference 2 p.m. EST 12/20/13
Live Thread: President Obama's State of the Union Address 9 p.m. EST
Live Thread: Senate voting on cloture for 2014 budget
Live Video of UN Security Council on Ukraine
Live Webcast Helps Track Large Newfound Asteroid Tonight: How to Watch (Slooh.com)
Live blog: SnOBX 2014 version 2.0 (East NC Snowpocalypse)
Live now,press conference Bundy Ranch [live video action in Nevada]
Live on every newscast, Malloy signs $10.10 minimum wage bill
Live to bark another day: Firefighters rescue Doberman from College Station house fire
Live! [Archived] Tea Party Response to SOTU by Senator Mike Lee
Lively Challenges President Obama on Uganda Criticism
Living Beyond Limits
Living Trust And / Or Will
Living and Breathing: The British Constitution
Living under Democrat/Socialist rule can destroy your life
Livin’ Large on the Union Payroll
Livnat tells Arab MKs, 'you think we're not enlightened? Go to Assad'
Livni blocks bill limiting foreign gov't donations to far-left NGOs
Livni to Meet with Terror Victims' Families
Livni: Bennett Speaks for 'Settlers' - Not the Common Israeli
Livni: Ignore the Terrorists and Keep Talking
Liz Cheney Dropping Out of Primary
Liz Cheney abandons Senate bid, citing family health issues
Liz Cheney quitting US Senate bid
Liz Phillips, Brooklyn principal: I have never seen a worse ELA exam. Other principals agree.
Liz Trotta on Foxnews (Fantastic Commentary)
Lizzie Velasquez, Labeled ‘World’s Ugliest Woman,’ Becomes Motivational Speaker (Video)
Lloyd227 has passed on
Loaded gun magazines found outside Ann Arbor elementary school
Lobbying Is A Critical Skill In Today's Crony Economy
Lobbyists kick in for Ready for Hillary
Lobster-Eating Food Stamp Recipient Refuses Hannity's Job Help
Local Anti-Human Trafficking Law Enforcement Efforts Around Virginia
Local Ballet School’s ‘Nutcracker’ At American University Tripped Up By Chris Matthews
Local County Republican Party Annual Fundraiser Problem
Local FL Police Tap Cell Phones
Local Meter Maid Throws Solo Dance Party While Issuing Parking Tickets (VIDEO)
Local NAACP President Talbert Swan II decries justice system following mistrial
Local Officials Shut Down 11 Year Old's Cupcake Business as a Threat to Public Health
Local Parliament endorses Constitution of Russian Republic of Crimea
Local Police Adopt Military Technology and Tactics
Local Poultry Farmers Say Propane Shortage Could Be Devastating
Local Psychologist A Former Skeptic, Now Trains Priests In Exorcisms
Local Restaurant Adds Surcharge To Tabs To Pay For Employees’ Healthcare
Local anti-Citizens United group hopes to place candidate in Dem congressional primary (OH)
Local couple upset after receiving pre-marked voter registration card from Covered California
Local courts reviving 'debtors' prison' for overdue fines, fees
Local coverage of reported building explosion in NYC
Local deputies detain wrong guy; man wants apology
Local gay couples fight for right to wed [FOX MIAMI Bias]
Local impact of defense budget uncertain (20,400 fewer airmen proposed)
Local politician helps distribute free food [Mayo Hair Debbie]
Locals Escape To Beaches Amidst High Christmas Temperatures
Locked up for EIGHT hours for telling Nelson Mandela joke
Lockerbie bombing ‘was work of Iran, not Libya’ says former spy
Lockheed Test Pilot Calls For Longer Range AIM-120
Lockheed cuts ties with Boy Scouts
Loehmann’s discount retailer going out of business after 93 years
Log Cabin Republicans: Obamacare Ad Promotes 'Gay Stereotypes' -
Lois Lerner 2013 e-mail: Maybe I can land an office job at Organizing For Action
Lois Lerner Again Takes the Fifth at Congressional Hearing
Lois Lerner Pleads The Fifth, Again
Lois Lerner Should Go To Jail
Lois Lerner Talks to DOJ
Lois Lerner Won’t Talk Because Holder Has Obama’s Back
Lois Lerner could go to jail in contempt clash
Lois Lerner demands Immunity; Time for Congress to go on Offense (on Obama Family's Terrorist ties)
Lois Lerner fears for her life if she testifies at Wednesday’s oversight hearing
Lois Lerner's Attorney Has No Idea Why Darrell Issa Is Claiming She’ll Testify (Update)
Lois Lerner: The Face of Liberalism
Lois Lerner’s Lies and Cover-Up Revealed
Lomiko's Graphene 3D Lab Files Patent for Multiple Material Printer Filament
London Holocaust Day speaker admires Hitler, hates Jews
London Theater Balcony Believed to Have Collapsed
London is an uglier, more dangerous 'suburb of Paris' claims French politician
London theatre collapse: scores injured at Apollo in West End
Lone Fan Tackles the N.F.L. Over Super Bowl Ticket Prices
Lone Female Democratic Governor Celebrates #EqualPayDay
Lone Survivor Sets Post-9/11 War Movie Box Office Record
Lone Survivor and Insufferable Anti-American Self-Righteousness
Lone Survivor star Mark Wahlberg: Prohibited from touching guns?
Lone Survivor: A Conversation [video: 34 minutes]
Lone Survivor: A Tale of Horror and Heroism
Lonegan says he'll run for Congress in South Jersey
Loneliness is deadlier than obesity among elderly people, warns study
Long Beach Captain Calls 2013 Banner Year For Marine Life
Long Grove [Illinois] plan may pave way to privatize public roads
Long Island School Removes Words From Silent Night – Too Offensive (Video)
Long Island man arrested in multiple 'knockout' assaults
Long Time DC Restaurant Closes for Good (Luigi's)
Long range, bolt action recommendations vanity (Oh! the humanity)
Long wait in bitter cold, but kids get their (free) presents
Long waits for aid for [hurricane] Sandy victims in NY and NJ
Long-Term Growth and the Corrosive Impact of Obamanomics
Long-legged bird meets long arm of the law in Roanoke
Long-stalled S.F. housing project for LGBT seniors on track
Long-time Obama aide to leave White House
Longest rally in badminton history (Men´s singles)
Longmont 2-Year-Old Tests Positive For Pot
Longshot Senate candidate Dwayne Stovall draws some tea party support (Cornyn opponent)
Longtime Columbia International University Professor Bill Larkin Called Home to Glory
Longtime Hollywood reporter Bob Thomas dead at 92
Longtime Social Ministry Convocation attendees inspired by Pope Francis
Longtime US intel adviser resigns, was being paid by Chinese tech firm
Longtime peace activist removed from ministry after concelebrating Mass with woman priest
Look At What America Is Giving To Terrorists
Look Back in Liberty 2013
Look Out For The Year of Obamacare II; That Dread Music Is Meant For You
Look Out! It's the NSA! You Never Know When, Where They'll Show Up Next!
Look at Municipal Finance Trends Before Pumping In More Money
Look at the FDA's First-Ever Campaign Against Youth Tobacco Use
Look what Hollywood liberals were greeted with during this years Oscars...
Look who candidate Alex Sink has given big bucks to!
Looking Ahead to 2016, Hillary Clinton’s State Problem
Looking Into My 2014 Crystal Ball
Looking for Advice on the Phillipines
Looking for Christmas gift ideas for an adult down syndrome new family member.
Looking for Mr. Jefferson
Looking for Orthopedic, Doctor in the Harford, CT area
Looking for PC program that creates websites
Looking for Slave's Friend Bowie Knife Pamphlet
Looking for a Puppy
Looking for a rewarding way to stay warm? Try this...
Looking for a video showing the different form of government
Looking for reporter's name
Looking for your insights on this passage: Who ARE the six men?
Looking to Get on the ‘Right Side of History,’ Virginia Attorney General Supports Gay Marriage
Looks Like China’s Building a Giant New Warship
Looks like this kid is a future double major in patriotism and awesome..
Loopy liberals freak over Koch brother’s $100M hospital gift
Loose tooth pops up in peanuts
Looting erupts in Argentine city after police strike
Lord and President Business: Lego Movie Perpetuates Crony-Capitalism Contradiction
Lorenzo Semple Jr., Creator of TV's 'Batman,' Dies at 91
Loris (SC) woman pleads guilty to cruelty to children after kids found with dead man, drugs
Lorne Michaels held secret SNL auditions for potential black, female cast members amid controversy
Los Angeles Attorney: Many Abuse Claims Against Catholic Priests are ‘Entirely False’
Los Angeles City Council Blames Fracking for Earthquake
Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca to retire at end of month
Los Angeles OKs Sweeping E-Cigarette Ban
Los Angeles Times Skips the I-Word As California Grants Law License to Illegal Alien
Los Angeles to consider cutting ties to JP Morgan
Los Angeles: The Next Failed Government?
Los Gatos transgender woman speaks out on fight to compete in CrossFit competition
Losing My Religion: Student Thanks Boston College for making him an Atheist
Losing Privileges
Losing Ratings Battle, CNN Head Spouts Off At Fox
Losing Your Best Friend
Loskarn to Be Released to Family's Maryland Residence for Home Detention
Loss at Volkswagen plant upends union's plan for U.S. South (Workers voted against union)
Loss of jobless aid leaves many with bleak options
Lost Bakshi Lord of the Rings footage found
Lost Boy Survives Cold For 14 Hours By Cuddling His Dog
Lost Danish tourist ‘gang-raped’ in Delhi: police
Lost Jet’s Path Seen as Altered via Computer
Lost and Found (Microchips Become Mandatory for Santa Cruz County Pets)
Lost sleep leads to loss of brain cells, study suggests
Lots Of Poking But No Answers On What’s Blocking 99 Tunnel Drill
Lots of Atheists, more Muslims, Fewer Christians and Jews: This is the New America
Lottery winner's lifetime of money gone in weeks
Lou Dobbs Drinks the Insider Kool-Aid [GOP should abandon social issues]
Lou Dobbs Drinks the Insider Kool-Aid: The GOP will destroy itself by abandoning social issues
Loud + Weak = War (Victor Davis Hanson)
Loud music led to hand-grenade threat, cops say
Loud, House-Shaking Booms – Even Horn/Trumpet Sounds – Persist in U. S. and Canada
Louis Farrakhan: Black America must demand its own court system
Louisiana Congressman Admits Kissing Staffer in Video
Louisiana Gov. Jindal Fights Washington War on School Vouchers
Louisiana House Passes Pro-Life Laws That Have Closed Abortion Clinics Elsewhere
Louisiana Is The Shocking New Movie-Making Capital Of The World
Louisiana Road Closures [29-January-2014] - Go North!
Louisiana Senate: Cassidy (R) 44%, Landrieu (D) 40%
Louisiana bill would name Bible as official state book
Louisiana keeps hold on Nation's Worst Drivers [2/16/2014
Louisiana police arrest two in possible ‘knockout game’ death
Louisiana state audit director charged with fraud
Louisiana's (exempt) Mary Landrieu adopts risky strategy in bid to keep Senate seat
Louisiana's Landrieu Seeks Energy Boost in Re-Election Campaign (DRILL, exempt Mary, DRILL!)
Louisiana's Longest-Serving Death Row Prisoner Walks Free After 30 Years
Louisiana, MoveOn group tangle over political billboard
Louisiana’s ex-con former governor mulls House run (Edwin Edwards)
Louisville police: 17 downtown mob incidents Saturday
Louisville signee arrested after impregnating his 14-year-old cousin
Louisville's Strong Expected to Accept Texas Offer
Love and Fidelity on Campus
Love and Hate [Excerpt from commentary on the book of Romans]
Love by the Byte: The Future of Romance
Love in the Time of Obama
Love in the Time of Obama (Guanxi - Obama's confidant & chef and the MSNBC chick who loves him)
Love of Vodka is Killing Russian Men: Study
Love the Gov.?
Loving my daughter into death in the 19th week changed my view of abortion forever
Loving the Least of These: How Do We Treat the Disabled Among Us?
Low Information Voters in the Information Age
Low turnout, not Obamacare, poses chief threat, Democrats say
Low-Income LGBT Senior Housing Opens In Center City Philadelphia
Low-Information Leadership
Lowell Observatory's Putnam wants to name asteroid for Trayvon Martin
Lower Capacity for Magazines Approved by New Jersey Assembly Panel
Lower GDP Growth No Reason to Panic (so is it a reason to be Bullish on the market??)
Lower prices pull down natural gas reserves in 2012
Lower the thermostat, whittle your waistline?
Lowering the Bar: New Mexico Proposes Relaxed Standards for High School Grads
Loyola Marymount Dean Search Lands Finalists With Planned Parenthood Links
Loyola bans same-sex wedding ceremonies in new policy [Loyola University Chicago]
Lt. Gen. McInerney Says #MH370 In Pakistan – “I Got A Source at LIGNET That Confirmed It Yesterday”
Lt. Gen. McInerney Says MH370 Is In Pakistan – ‘I Got A Source That Confirmed It Yesterday’ (Video)
Lt. Gen. McInerney: I Think the #MH370 Passengers May Be Alive & I Think the Plane Landed (Video)
Lt. Gov. Breaks With Brown And Says He No Longer Supports Bullet Train
Lubbock Sheriff severing ties with DEA (Texas)
Lucky owl snags rabbit for lunch
Lucy At The Candy Factory
Lufthansa pilots vote for imminent strike
Luggage found floating at sea, possibly from Flight 370, by Elka Athina
Lululemon predicted its own financial ‘downward dog’
Lunenburg [MA] cops: Mom misled investigators in racial slur probe
Lung cancer scans urged for some smokers, not all (qualify)
Lupica: Newtown mom says school massacre haunts community every day
Lured by Cheap Coal, Southeast Asia Turns Away from Gas
Luther: The Infallible Church Declared The Contents of Scripture
Luxury ski equipment at North Korean resort breaches sanctions
Lying starts when you keep silent about things that matter
Lykoi cats that are bred to look like WEREWOLVES are the latest kitten craze
Lynching of Christian man by Muslims is sign of chaos in Central African Republic (throat cut)
Lynching the Koch Brothers: The Dems’ Strategy for 2014
Lynn Westmoreland (R-GA) Betrays Third District
Lynyrd Skynyrd: 'Same Old Blues' (LIVE, 1975)
LyondellBasell restarts Texas plant amid cheap natural gas
M&S tells Muslim staff they CAN refuse to serve customers buying alcohol or pork
M&S tells Muslim staff they CAN refuse to serve customers buying alcohol or pork (england)
M.D. Harmon: Obama cultivating a fourth branch of government
M1 Garand Armory
M50A1 The Ontos at Hue: 1968- 4ea 106 recoiless rifles [video 1:31 min]
M8.0 - 79km WNW of Iquique, Chile
MALAYSIAN AUTHORITIES: The Plane Crashed With No Survivors
MAN CLEARED OF ASSAULT IN CAT POOP CASE
MANDELA TRIBUTE BILLBOARD USES PICTURE OF MORGAN FREEMAN, NOT LATE LEADER
MANDELA'S LEGACY: THE FREEFALL OF SOUTH AFRICA
MANESS MORE THAN QUADRUPLES FUNDRAISING IN FOURTH QUARTER OF 2013 (LA Senate)
MARCH (FOR LIFE) LEADERS CAN THANK THE UNABORTED BISHOP
MARCO RUBIO DESTROYS APOLOGISTS (The useful idiots)
MARIJUANA IN AMERICA: COLORADO POT RUSH
MARINES AT HEART OF NEW BRITAIN, LAND 160 MILES WEST OF RABAUL (3/8/44)
MARINES CAPTURE ROI ISLAND, LAND ON NAMUR; OUR CASUALTIES MODERATE; ENEMY SURPRISED (2/3/44)
MARINES ON ISLE 600 MILES FROM TRUK; RUSSIANS 28 MILES FROM THE PRUT RIVER (3/22/44)
MARK LEVIN EXPLODES ON GOP ESTABLISHMENT, URGES HOUSE TO PASS RESOLUTION TO REIN IN OBAMA
MARK LEVIN LAYS OUT PLAN FOR CURBING GOVERNMENT EXPANSION: 'THANK GOD FOR THE TEA PARTY'
MARK LEVIN TO PAUL RYAN: BUDGET DEAL IS 'MICKEY MOUSE'
MARK LEVIN: Republicans should pass resolution declaring NULL AND VOID
MARK LEVIN: We are witnessing a gradual, quiet COUP!
MARK LEVIN: We need new leaders and a new Republican Party
MARY KAY LETOURNEAU JAILED AGAIN IN SUSPENDED LICENSE CASE
MAS plane did not fly on for four hours, says Malaysia government
MAS plane did not fly on for four hours, says Malaysia government (Dispute WSJ report)
MATT DRUDGE GETS IT RIGHT POSTING THE PICTURE OF AN UNBORN BABY AND INFORMATIONAL LINK
MD Anderson Among Top Hospitals Excluded From Obamacare Coverage [UPDATED]
MD Health exchange to offer retroactive coverage [sausage making is exposed and ugly]
MD Healthcare Website Asks Weird, Personal Questions: ‘Where were you when you had your first kiss?’
MDs sue ObamaCare insurer over dropped doctors
MEDIA AGAIN HUMILIATED AFTER HYPING UNRELIABLE ADP JOBS NUMBERS
MEDIA BLACKOUT of Michelle Obama’s 24 Day Hawaii Vacation
MEDIA TIRES OF WHITE HOUSE'S SELECTIVE RELEASE OF OBAMACARE DATA
MELANIE SOJOURNER: Chris McDaniel personifies conservatism and practicality
MEMORY ETERNAL! HIS EMINENCE METROPOLITAN PHILIP
MENTAL HEALTH LAWS ARE TROUBLE FOR DEMOCRATS
MEP receives 41,000 emails against gay rights (European Parliament; Austrian MEP)
MEPs call for dismantling of EU bailout “troika”
METHODS OF GENERATING NON-IONIZING RADIATION OR NON-IONIZING 4He USING GRAPHENE BASED MATERIALS
MEXICAN-AMERICAN STUDIES COURSE REJECTED BY TEXAS EDUCATION BOARD
MEXICO’S IMMIGRATION LAW: LET’S TRY IT HERE AT HOME
MG General Clifton F. von Kann, Commander of 1st Cav Division Dies
MH370
MH370 'may be found in days’ as ship picks up signals again
MH370 A different point of view. Pulau Langkawi 13,000 runway.
MH370 Black Box Rumors Unfounded: Search Leader
MH370 Malaysia Airlines B772 Missing Enroute KUL-PEK Part 27
MH370 Mystery: Remembering Malaysia’s Role In 9/11, And In Other Islamic Terror Plots
MH370 Passenger With Stolen Passport Identified as Iranian Man, 19
MH370 Search Team Hopes to Find Wreckage "Within Matter of Days"
MH370 and UK terrorist's claim he gave explosive to M'sian terror cell, including a PILOT
MH370 and the Silent Question of Islam : The one possibility no one wants to consider
MH370 detected above Malacca Straits at 2.40am
MH370 flew as low as 1,500m to avoid detection, says paper
MH370 passengers cleared, as investigation turns to ground crew, caterers and mangosteen farmers
MH370 pilot upset over wife's decision to move out and in 'no state of mind to be flying' ...
MH370 search area drastically reduced after two more pings heard
MH370 search: Chinese plane lands at wrong airport in Australia
MH370: A Maldives Connection?
MH370: Chinese planes spot 'white objects' in search area - reports
MH370: Families Called to Urgent Meeting; Malaysia Press Conference 10 a.m. EDT 3/24/14
MH370: Family of Texas man on flight comforted by faith
MH370: Hopes dashed as orange objects turn out to be fishing equipment
MH370: Investigators focus probe on 'deliberate act' by pilots
MH370: New account of cockpit last words
MH370: New last words from cockpit: 'Good night Malaysian three seven zero'
MH370: Opposition Leader Anwar Ibrahim says Malaysian government purposefully concealing information
MH370: Satellite Images Show Up to 122 'Potential Objects'
MH370: UK submarine joins search for missing plane
MI The Key To 2016; Mid-Terms To Provide Dramatic Proof Gov. Palin Was Prophetically Right in 2008?
MI: Man with Rifle Arrested; Police Hunt for a Charge
MI: Open Carry Lawsuit; Police Report or Dashcam Video?
MI:Grand Rapids Open Carry Lawsuit Unedited Video: No evidence of "Talking to Nobody"
MI:Lawsuit says Open Carry is Political Speech, Police Knew Carry was Legal
MI:Legally Carry, Ask a Question, Lockdown a School
MI:Machete-Wielding Suspect Gets a 2nd Amendment Lesson When He Targets the Wrong Woman
MI:Man Shoots Menacing Pit Bull
MI:Police: Homeowner Fights Back, Shoots Intruder
MI:Video Released in Grand Rapids Open Carry Lawsuit
MIA remains ID'd, to be buried on anniversary of disappearance
MICHAEL SAM NOW OPEN FOR BUSINESS
MICHELLE: Barack 'Has Dragged Me Kicking and Screaming Into Things that I Wanted No Parts Of'
MICROSOFT DEVELOPING 'SMART BRA' TO REDUCE EMOTIONAL OVEREATING
MICROWAVE WEAPONRY'S USE ON PEOPLE EXPLAINED BY Barrie Trower
MIKE DITKA-TOM KEAN-PETE DUPONT-SUNUNU(OLD)+DOMINICHI
MIKE LEE'S TEA PARTY STATE OF THE UNION RESPONSE: OBAMACARE 'AN INEQUALITY GODZILLA'
MILITARY: Patriot Guard Riders’ mission expands
MILLER: Exclusive — Shock verdict — Mark Witaschek guilty of possessing muzzleloader bullets
MILLER: Gun re-registration begins in D.C., may lead to arrest and confiscation
MILLER: Harvey Weinstein and Meryl Streep new movie to make NRA ‘wish they weren’t alive’
MILLER: Huge majorities on East Coast support national gun registry
MILLER: NRA to score Senate vote on Obama’s nominee for surgeon general, Vivec Murthy
MILLER: New Jersey bill is outright gun ban on .22-caliber rifles and leads to confiscation
MILLER: Obama’s political agenda backfires, gun sales in 2013 smash all records
MILLER: Only 101 members of Congress have enrolled in Obamacare
MILLER: Prideful (& exempt) president refuses to admit Obamacare is a disaster
MILLER: Prosecution rests in trial for D.C. man charged for one shotgun shell
MILLER: Smith & Wesson to stop selling guns in California due to microstamping law
MILLER: South Carolina kicks back ban on gun concealed carry in restaurants
MILLER: Texas Shootout — John Cornyn and Steve Stockman Senate race is all about gun rights
MILLER: The Obama effect: NRA’s ‘American Rifleman’ surges to top 25 magazines in America
MILLER: Witaschek surrenders to D.C. police ‘Gun Offenders Registry’
MILLIONAIRES NEED YOUR HELP!... Ann Coulter
MILTON FRIEDMAN SCHOOLS A BRAINWASHED LIBERAL
MISSING CONGRESSMAN STEVE STOCKMAN SAYS HE TRAVELED TO RUSSIA
MISSING MH370: Fishermen Find Life Raft Near PD
MISSING MH370: No Debris Found
MISSING MH370: Pilot's niece concerned over his safety
MISSING MH370: Pilot: I established contact with plane
MISSING MH370: RMAF Chief Denies Military Radar Report
MISSING MH370: US Satellites Found No Blast
MIT Climate Change Expert: Global Warming “Just a Dream Come True for Politicians”
MIT IAP "Cold Fusion 101" class to run again
MIT Professor Exposes Climate Change Hysteria
MIT Professor Urging Climate Change Activists To ‘Slow Down’
MIT researchers discover possible ‘vaccine’ for post-traumatic stress disorder
MITT Trailer (TGIF he isn't in the White house)
MK Hotovely: Ya'alon Shouldn't Have Apologized to Kerry
MK Tibi...says Israel should agree to Partition Plan of '47
MK, Police Chief Link Bus Bomb to 'Peace Talks'
MKs: Israel Cannot Ignore ASA Boycott
MLA Hates Common Core
MLA Israeli Boycott Falls
MLA doing Iran’s Bidding
MLA “Solves” Financial Crisis
MLB Expands Instant Replay to Let Managers Challenge Calls
MLB issues strong statement regarding proposed Arizona anti-gay law
MLK a Republican? Or Just a Dream?
MLK: homosexuality a 'problem' with a 'solution'
MMEA finds large oil slick off Tok Bali, Kelantan
MN Health Care Program for Low-Income Workers Faces Deep Deficit
MN State Rep Tony Cornish(R)
MN:Carry permit holder fends off crowbar wielding intruder
MN:Ford Dealer: Shotguns with Pickup Purchase
MN:League of Minnesota Cities Admits Many Cities Work to "Chill" Exercise of Second Amendment
MN:Police: Gun-carrying passerby 'did noble thing' halting Mpls. store robbery
MNSURE awarded $26,000 in manager bonuses before troubled website's launch
MNSure Not One of the More Secure Exchanges in Nation
MNsure director's tropical vacation amid website woes draws fire
MNsure tells 1,000 customers to start over; given wrong information on tax credits
MNsure to undergo evaluation by auditor, analysis of its coverage effectiveness
MNsure won't meet goals, report says, and revamp on table
MO Republican to Spend State Money on 'Tin Foil Hats' for Common Core Opponents
MO:Local Legislators Might Be Open to Compromise On Controversial Gun Bill
MO:Owner with gun stops jewelry store heist
MO:Police: Intruder shot in residential armed robbery in Grandview
MONEY: Watch out for the 12 scams of Christmas
MOOSE ATTACKS WOMAN IN SMITHERS, BC
MORE GOOD NEWS!… CBO Director Says O-Care Will Reduce Workers’ Wages (Video)
MORNING BRO: Obama’s press secretary speaks Russian, talks to lots of Communists [VIDEO]
MORON: School employee feared kid’s science project resembled weapon, so star teacher suspended
MOSCOW REPORTS A PEACE TALK, BRITISH DENY IT; ALLIES PUZZLED (1/18/44)
MOST INCREDIBLE STORY OF RESILIENCE EVER TO GRACE THE NYT
MOTHER’S POST-DEATH CHRISTMAS LETTER...
MOZILLA** Interesting posting from an Insider
MOZILLA, MO’ PROBLEMS: RITUAL SACRIFICE IN SILICON VALLEY
MP Rob Anders’ shooting range photo in front of turban-clad ‘zombie Osama’ target ...
MPD moving forward on charges, park ban after racial rant
MRC [Media Research Center] Latino Launches With Report on 'Hispanic Media In The Balance'
MS: Women, Police, and Firearms Safety
MSM Glosses Over Irony Of Global Warming Scientists Trapped In Antarctic Ice
MSM Glosses Over Irony of Global Warming Scientists Trapped in Antarctic Ice
MSM Uninterested in FBI Investigation of 'Terrorist Dry Run' Attack on CA Power Station
MSNBC - Lying in the uncomfortable bed they've made.
MSNBC ATTACKS GREG ABBOTT: ‘IT’S HARD TO TURN A GUY IN A WHEELCHAIR INTO A VILLAIN’
MSNBC Apologizes for Controversial Tweet About Conservatives and Cheerios
MSNBC Associates Duck Dynasty Gun Line with Mass Shootings
MSNBC Blasts Paralyzed Pro-Lifer Greg Abbott’s “Matchstick-Thin Legs”
MSNBC Calls Catholic Nuns Who Don’t Want to be Forced to Fund Birth Control “a Threat”
MSNBC Carefully, Shamelessly Edits Out All Woman-Praising Context Out of Huckabee's
MSNBC Crank Joy Reid: Knockout Game Most Overrated Story of Year (It’s Just Whitey)
MSNBC Fires Staffer Who Sent Tweet Claiming Republicans Hate Multiracial Families
MSNBC Guest Columnists Hint They'd Be Cool with Raising 'Age of Criminal Responsibility' to Say 25?
MSNBC Guest: People Oppose Abortion Because "Their Sex Live Are So Miserable" - YouTube (Barf Alert)
MSNBC Guest: People Oppose Abortion Because "Their Sex Lives Are So Miserable"
MSNBC HOST’S RADICAL IDEA
MSNBC Host Apologizes To Romney Family After Mocking Mitt Romney's Black Grandchild
MSNBC Host Compares Fighting Pro-Lifers to a Woman Fighting Off an Attacker
MSNBC Host Lets Planned Parenthood Claim It’s Non-Partisan
MSNBC Host Makes Fun of Mitt Romney’s Black Grandson
MSNBC Host Says Job Creation is an “Ineffective Anti-Poverty Program”
MSNBC Host Shocked That Pope Francis Opposes Abortion
MSNBC Host: God Loves Obamacare
MSNBC Host: The IRS ‘Were The Ones That Have Been Actually Targeted’
MSNBC Mocks NRA, Suggests It's Better to Confront a School Shooter Unarmed
MSNBC Panel Mocks Romney's Adopted Black Grandchild; Apologies Follow
MSNBC Panel: 2013 "Worst Year For Voting Rights Since 1877"
MSNBC Panel: Detroit is GOP's Fault, 'Not a Single Thing' Obama Couldn't Do
MSNBC Plays Race Card with Army Hairstyle Regulation
MSNBC President Dismisses Anchors' Gaffes, Says They Haven't 'Hurt Us in Any Way'
MSNBC President Phil Griffin Claims Station Has No Ideology
MSNBC President apologizes for tweet that smeared conservatives: Employee has been fired
MSNBC Slams 'Right' Over 'Knockout Game' and IRS Scandal, 'Want to Stoke Issues of Race'
MSNBC Sunday Panel Slaughters Romney 'Black Sheep'
MSNBC Turning on Clinton? 'Cycle' Co-Host Ball: 'Don't Run, Hillary'
MSNBC anchor: ‘So many people consider President Obama to be the first gay president’
MSNBC host Melissa Harris-Perry apologizes for attack on Mitt Romney's adopted black grandson
MSNBC host apologizes for jokes about Romney baby(yep, our Melissa Harris Perry)
MSNBC host equates ‘Obamacare’ with N-word
MSNBC host offers tearful apology to Romneys (Save the tears racist idiot!)
MSNBC host says newborn infants don’t count as ‘alive’ unless parents decide they do;...
MSNBC host shames Democratic senator for daring to suggest welfare fraud exists [VIDEO]
MSNBC host: The real target in the IRS scandal is … the IRS
MSNBC is in serious trouble
MSNBC paid liar Joy Reid: “You’re more likely to be beamed up into a UFO than witness voter fraud”
MSNBC panel pans O’Reilly’s hard-hitting Obama interview [VIDEO]
MSNBC panel: Criticism of Obama’s selfie was “racist” and “sexist”
MSNBC panel: Romney photo with black grandson ‘sums up the diversity’ of GOP
MSNBC president apologizes to Priebus
MSNBC prime-time hosts refuse to support Peacock workers in fight for workplace fairness
MSNBC segment claims a ‘majority of tea party members’ support raising the minimum wage
MSNBC stuffs up, puts Czechoslovakia back on the map
MSNBC to Host One-Hour Special About New Jersey Traffic
MSNBC to hire executive to review all on-air scripts
MSNBC tries to put up a cool map of Ukraine, fails miserably, doesn’t know basic geography
MSNBC wonders: Christian love for Jesus is kind of homoerotic, huh?
MSNBC'S RONAN FARROW USES WAR HERO'S WOUNDS FOR JOKE
MSNBC's Alter Suggests Releasing Criminals from U.S. Prisons to Honor Mandela
MSNBC's Chris Hayes complains of Drudge-fueled 'snow-trolling' on global warming
MSNBC's Finney Compares GOP 'Separating' and 'Dividing' People to 'Apartheid'
MSNBC's Harris-Perry Uses 'Derogatory' Term ObamaCare Two Weeks Before Condemning It
MSNBC's Harris-Perry: intent was to be 'Positive & Celebratory' about Romney grandson
MSNBC's Hayes Frets Uninsured Not 'Potent Constituency,' Skips Anti-ObamaCare Poll
MSNBC's Joy Reid: O'Reilly Might As Well Have Asked Obama About His Birth Certificate
MSNBC's Maddow: G.W. Bush Is to Blame for Ukraine Crisis
MSNBC's Melissa Harris Perry Likens "Derogatory Term" Obamacare To The N-Word (video)
MSNBC's Taylor: Republicans 'Almost Single-Handedly Blew Up This Economy' (What A Retard)
MSNBC's Wagner Brings on Lizz Winstead and Sarah Silverman
MSNBC- home of the Learjet Liberal. Really.
MSNBC.com Whines ‘Congress Goes Home, Leaves Unemployed Behind’
MSNBC.com Wildly Spins: 'Obama Approval Ratings Turn Around'
MSNBC: Cherry Picking News & Issues to Make Toxic Democrats Look Good
MSNBC: December Jobs Report Is ‘Awful,’ ‘Very Bad,’ And ‘Ugly’
MSNBC: HARRIS-PERRY AND PANEL RIDICULE MITT ROMNEY'S BLACK GRANDSON
MSNBC: Hate Forward
MSNBC: How do we combat 'Duck Dynasty' clan from doing what's legal?
MSNBC: Jim Crow TV
MSNBC: Loving Jesus Is “Interestingly Homoerotic”
MSNBC: New Duck Dynasty Firearms Could Be Used In Mass Shootings
MSNBC: Obamacare Implementation 'A Humanitarian Success'
MSNBC: Obamacare to Cure Cancer, Diabetes, Impotence
MSNBC: Phil Robertson and ‘Duck Dynasty’ Part of ‘White Supremacist Culture’ (Video)
MSNBC: Tasteless Ronan Farrow Compares War Hero's Struggles to Congressional Bickering
MSNBC’s Alex Wagner: The IRS Is The REAL Victim Here
MSNBC’s Alex Wagner: Voting is fine. IF YOU HATE WOMEN.
MSNBC’s Dyson: ‘Phil Robertson and Duck Dynasty Part of Majority White Supremacist Culture’
MSNBC’s Hayes Promotes Petition Drive for Chris Christie Resignation
MSNBC’s Jansing Shocked That Pope Francis Opposes Abortion
MSNBC’s Melissa Harris-Perry And The Word We Shall Not Say
MSNBC’s Mika Brzezinski calls Sarah Palin a ‘multi-million dollar moron’
MSNBC’s Obama poll does not include any choices for people who disagree with him
MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow to write Washington Post column
MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow’s Show Calls Abortion Practitioners Heroes
MSNBC’s Reid Bashes Palin for Having a Christmas Tree...on Christmas!
MSNBC’s Toure: It’s a ‘Noble Lie’ To Cheat Corporations (old news)
MSNBC’s Touré Neblett Calls Black CNN Anchor Don Lemon ‘White Leader’
MSNBC’s Witt Apologizes After Guest Utters Lewinsky’s Name
MSNBC´s Ed Schultz Explodes at Caller: ‘Get The F— Out of Here!’ (Audio)
MSU 34 OSU 24 - Looks Like Auburn and FSU for the NCAA Championship
MT:Sheriff: Corvallis resident who shot intruder was victim
MT:Tester shows true regard for gun rights in Post Office bill committee meeting
MTW Launches Church Plant in Ethiopia
MUST SEE TV: CNN’s Jake Tapper Schooled By War Hero Marcus Lutrell (Video)(Watch this!!)
MUST SEE… Catholic Nun WOWS Judges & Audience on Italy’s “The Voice” (Video)
MUST-SEE:Bret Baier Tours National Security Operations Center(2nd Part Interview With NSA Director)
MUST-WATCH: VIRGINIANS BLAST ERIC CANTOR FOR ANTI-TEA PARTY FUNDRAISING
MVI 0886 Here Is The Problem, For Us Soldiers!
MY APOLOGY TO ISLAMIC TERRORISTS!
MY EMAIL TO THE WALTON COUNTY SHERIFF.
MYRTLE BEACH: Myrtle Beach man files charges after he said girl hit him in head with pillow
Macaroni Pie: A Twist on Mac & Cheese
Macau's casino jackpot hits new heights as 2013 revenues reach $45 billion
Machinists to vote again on revised 777X contract
Machinists to vote on Boeing offer despite rejection, union leader says
Mack Brown to resign.. or not.
Macklemore & Ryan Lewis' 'Same Love' GRAMMY Performance to Feature On-Air Weddings
Macklemore a 9/11 Truther? Can We Trust Him Inspiring Kids' Worldviews?
Macro Energy Shares Soar on Australian Stock Exchange Following Bitcoin Deal
Macy's laying off 2,500
Mad as Hell (Aaron Russo 1984)
Maddow Suggests Plausible Alternate Theory to Christie NJ Bridge Scandal
Maddux, Glavine, Thomas elected to Hall of Fame
Made in China: all Modern Chinese fighter jets in one photo
Madison Misnomer goes through hoops to equally offend everyone (Pajama Boy)
Madison Police respond to JPD charges involving high speed chase(MISSISSIPPI)
Madison Project Gets Behind Bevin ("McConnell's idology is power, not conservatism.)
Madison Project Unveils Anti-McConnell Billboards in Kentucky
Madison Project goes after Mitch McConnell
Madison Project knocks House GOP for pushing ‘amnesty first approach’ to immigration
Madison’s pedal pubs may allow beer on board
Madoff said JPMorgan executives knew of his fraud: lawsuit
Madonna Calls Son Rocco the N-Word On Instagram Then Deletes Post, Bashes Critics
Madonna Labels Maduro a Fascist on Instagram
Madonna posts picture of 13-year-old son with liquor
Madonna: I was raped at knifepoint - held up at gunpoint, raped on a rooftop
Maduro Warns Venezuelan Protesters "We Are Coming For You"; Calls John Kerry A "Murderer"
Maduro: (Effin') Kerry remarks give violence 'green light'
Mae Young, wrestling legend from SC, dies
Mafia culture gripping the Senate
Magazine: NSA spied on top China officials, Huawei
Magic Johnson Touts Obamacare?
Magic Johnson on Obama Speech: "A Lot Of Amens...Like We Were In Church"
Magna Carta Copy Arrives in Houston for Exhibit
Magnetic Spider Webs Attract Scientists' Attention (article)
Magnitude 6.7 quake strikes off Barbados
Magnitude 8.0 quake off Chile sparks tsunami warning along Latin America's Pacific coast
Magpul pulling up stakes, heading out of Colorado
Maher Trips Up Guests with ‘Racist’ Paul Ryan Quote… Except Michelle Obama Said it
Mahmoud Abbas’ Party Threatens to ‘Bomb Tel Aviv’
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Working As Professor Again
Mailman, 26, shot dead while making his rounds(Prince George's County, Maryland)
Maine Coon Kitten Safety
Maine Struggles to Cut Off Welfare for Somali Migrants
Maine Welfare Cash Spent in All 50 States, Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands
Maine governor to state attorney general: 'Sue me'
Maine prison officials urge shoot-to-kill option for Windham facility
Maine’s governor wants to make it easier for children to work
Maine’s highest court: Transgender student’s rights were violated
Maine’s supreme court foists choose-your-own-bathroom policy on entire state
Mainstream Media Runs Away from Democratic Chinatown Gangster/Gun-Controller Story
Maj. Gen. Paul Vallely To Speak At Sutter Buttes Tea Party Meeting
Major Breakthrough In Finding Malaysia Airlines MH370
Major G.O.P. Donor Tests His Influence in Push to Ban Online Gambling[Sheldon Adelson]
Major Hollywood Producer Vows to Make the NRA ‘Wish They Weren’t Alive’ With Upcoming ‘Big Movie’
Major League Baseball intends to ban collisions at plate by 2015
Major Tax Reform Efforts Look Likely to Stall Again
Major Work to Replace Navy’s Super Hornet to Start in 2015
Major explosion at manufacturing plant in Peterborough, NH
Major international conference: 'THE POSITION OF THE FIRST WORLD WAR IN THE HISTORY OF EUROPE'
Major security flaw threatens Linux users
Major submarine accidents remain isolated but costly
Majority Rules on Climate Science?
Majority of 18-24 Year Olds Support Recall of Obama from Office
Majority of Americans Reject Myth of “Man-Made Global Warming”
Majority want health law repealed or scaled back
Make Classic Moon Pies at Home
Make Democrats Pay for Obamacare and Obamanomics
Make Money Upcycling
Make Your Lent Beautiful with Lent at Ephesus
Make Your Own Dehydrated Meal Packs
Make Your Own Homemade Baby Food
Make that FIVE sharing ministries (deathcare exempt healthcare sharing ministries)
Make the Senate Majority Matter
Makers of rat poison d-Con sue California (Get your d-Con stockpiled by June 30)
Making Babies with 3 Genetic Parents Gets FDA Hearing (Opening Frankenstein-ian Floodgates)
Making Fun of Keynesian Economics
Making Moonshine At Home Is On The Rise. But It's Still Illegal
Making Sense of Scripture's 'Inconsistency'
Making Sense of an Apparently Senseless Foreign Policy
Making Sense of the Senseless
Making a splash: The world’s fastest amphibious vehicle can go from car to boat in just 15 SECONDS
Making crude oil out of thin air?
Making the Rounds: Barry Soetoro’s Columbia University School ID
Making waves: In the hunt for invisibility, other benefits seen
Malawi court hears case on convicted gays
Malay Mystery: Why its possible that MH370 might have been shot down
Malaysia 370: A Tragic Accident (and Nothing More): Hysteria and Conspiracy Theories Need to Stop
Malaysia Airline MH370: 9/11-style terror allegations resurface in case of lost plane
Malaysia Airliner Communications Shut Down Separately: US Officials Say
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Probe Sharpens Focus on Sabotage
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370- the manifest
Malaysia Airlines Loses Contact With Flight Carrying 239
Malaysia Airlines MH370 Flight Incident - Media Statements
Malaysia Airlines MH370: Anwar Ibrahim Accuses Government of Hiding Vital Information
Malaysia Airlines MH370: Authorities Deny Chaos in Plane Search Effort
Malaysia Airlines MH370: Confusion over plane last location
Malaysia Airlines MH370: Tony Abbott says possible debris found in Indian Ocean [live thread]
Malaysia Airlines Officials Dispute Existence of Engine Data, but Say Plane May Have Flown On
Malaysia Airlines crash: Suicide mission theory of MH370 investigators
Malaysia Airlines to Retire Call Sign 370
Malaysia Flight 370: When Occam's Razor Fails
Malaysia Grand Prix pushes grieving families of jet passengers from hotel
Malaysia MH370 and Sumatra seismic event
Malaysia Threatens Time Magazine for Reporting Persecution of Non-Muslims
Malaysia confirms it has new radar data on missing plane flying over another country
Malaysia denies reported sighting of MH370 in Maldives (South Maldives stand by story of sighting)
Malaysia flight's co-pilot tried to make cellphone call-report
Malaysia goes Islamic (2009)
Malaysia military tracked missing plane to west coast: source
Malaysia plane pilots, passengers back under scrutiny
Malaysia plane relatives dragged from news conference
Malaysia recruits witch doctors to find missing Boeing passenger jet
Malaysia says there's sealed evidence on MH370 that cannot be made public
Malaysia's Islamic authorities seize Bibles as Allah row deepens
Malaysian Air Flight 370: what you need to know
Malaysian Islamic Authorities Seize Bibles as 'Allah' Translation Controversy Worsens
Malaysian Jet, Most Likely Hi-Jacked, new article by Criminolgy Professor
Malaysian Plane Now In Pakistan: Gen McInerney:US Has Not Come Clean With Flight 370 Data:
Malaysian Plane in Bermuda Triangle: Viral Facebook Hoax
Malaysian church attacked amid Allah dispute
Malaysian leader: plane's disappearance deliberate
Malaysian plane: 20 passengers worked for ELECTRONIC WARFARE and MILITARY RADAR firm
Malaysian woman claims to have seen missing MH370 in the water near Andaman Islands
Maldives 'witnesses' report seeing 'low flying jet' on morning that MH370 disappeared
Maldives Police Probe Reports of MH370 Sighting
Maldives president vetoes marital rape bill as ‘un-Islamic’
Maldives residents saw 'low-flying jumbo jet' on March 8: report
Male Genitalia School Activity Causes Uproar; School Drops Modeling Activity
Male, female or 'custom'? Facebook announces 50 ways to define gender
Malformed FileZilla FTP client with login stealer
Mali National Arraigned in 2000 Killing of American Diplomat in Niger
Malicious Malware Uses Photos of Sunsets and Cats to Steal Banking Credentials
Malindi Police Investigate Alleged 'Execution' of a Muslim Youth
Malkin: Lessons for Shove Guv Andrew Cuomo
Mall at Short Hills victim defending wife from carjackers when shot: source
Mall carjacking widow’s heartbreaking goodbye
Malloy (CT) proposes $10.10 hourly minimum wage
Malloy issues ACA challenge to NRA
Maltese president's grandson gives pope a plastic dinosaur
Mammoth mining tool takes overnight ride through Texas
Man 'killed baby' who wouldn't stop crying during football game
Man Accidentally Kills Self With Gun During Demonstration On Gun Safety
Man Accused of Aggravated Child Abuse to Remain Behind Bars Until Court Date Due to ICE Detainer
Man Admits Smuggling Nearly 40,000 Piranhas to NYC
Man Admits to Smuggling Sea Cucumbers
Man Allegedly Pulls Gun On Girl Scout Selling Cookies
Man Argues with Spitting Goat
Man Arrested After Dog Shot Dead by Armed Police
Man Arrested For Blocking Traffic While Waiting For A Parking Spot
Man Arrested for Public Consumption of Iced Tea Urged to Take a “Deal” from Prosecutors
Man At Work
Man Bitten by Snake 45 Minutes After Killing It
Man Breaks Into Water Treatment Plant, Gets Stuck in Pipe
Man Carjacked While Shoveling uring Storm
Man Charged In Amish Buggy Drive-By Shooting
Man Charged With Hate Crime For “Knockout Game” Attack On Black Senior
Man Charged With Killing Burleson County Deputy No Billed by Grand Jury
Man Clearing Snow In The Village Carjacked In Broad Daylight
Man Dressed as Santa Claus Found Dead in Russia
Man Feeding Herd of Friendly Deer at His Colorado Home
Man Framed by Detective Will Get $6.4 Million From New York City After Serving 23 Years for Murder
Man Gets 35 Years for Shooting Police Dog
Man Gets iPod, Finds Erasers Inside
Man Jailed for Gmail Invite to Ex-Girlfriend
Man Keeps Asking ATM For More Money, It Obliges With $37K His Account Didn’t Have
Man Keeps Promise to Dead Dog to Save Her Orphaned Puppies
Man Killed by Cockfighting Rooster
Man Kills Stranger to ‘Get Rid of Evil Spirits’
Man Leaps to His Death in Shopping Mall After Girlfriend Insists on More Shopping
Man Loses 40 Pounds On McDonald’s Diet
Man Loses Job Over Twix Stuck in Vending Machine
Man Made Climate Change
Man Nearly Explodes After Compressed Air Valve Lodges In Buttocks
Man Not Allowed To Vote While Wearing Second Amendment Shirt
Man Offers Burglar Coffee After Botched Break-In
Man Offers Live Alligator For 12-Pack Of Beer
Man Performs C-Section on Dead Porcupine ... Saves Baby
Man Posts On Facebook About “Police State” And Guess Who Shows Up?
Man Posts President Obama's Mug Shots on Facebook Listing Him as Federal Prisoner
Man Pulls Gun on Girl Selling Cookies
Man Robs Store Wearing Flower Pot as Disguise, Wielding chainsaw
Man Sentenced To Life For OC Family Killings ["honor" killing]
Man Shames a Walmart Shoplifter – Was He Wrong?
Man Shot After Pulling BB Gun Dies
Man Shot in Roselle Was Picked at Random
Man Signs Up for Obamacare, Unknowingly Signed for Worthless Child Plan
Man Spits on Muslim Teen and Calls Her 'Terrorist' on Queens Bus: Police
Man Stopped By Cops For Supposedly Voluntary NHTSA 'Survey' Sues City And Police Dept.
Man Sues Toothpaste Brand For Not Getting Him Any Women
Man Survives Being Adrift at Sea for 16 Months
Man Threatens Victim with Chainsaw
Man Tricked Into Thinking He Was in Coma
Man Tried to Rob Bookies with Cucumber Hidden in Sock ... Sentenced to 3 Years (U.K.)
Man Uses Bitcoin to Buy a Piece of Paradise in Nicaragua
Man Wakes Up Alone In Locked United Express Airplane
Man Who Slapped Toddler on Flight from Mpls. Sentenced to 8 months
Man Who Sold Fur Coat To Namath Says Business Booming Since Super Bowl
Man accused of killing police dog sentenced to 35 years
Man adopted in Ky. by member of same-sex couple
Man allegedly shot by Aaron Hernandez shot again
Man arrested after Illinois runaway teen is found in Wesley Chapel
Man arrested after ‘beating girlfriend with his anger management book
Man arrested for DWI after testing negative on breath, blood tests
Man arrested for bathroom camera
Man arrested for physically, sexually abusing girlfriend's baby
Man arrested with stolen cash register on LIRR train
Man attacked in suspected 'knockout game' in Manhattan
Man called 911 about angry goat trying to get into his home
Man called Bitcoin's father denies ties, leads LA car chase
Man calls 911 after 'very, very, very, very hostile' cat traps family
Man calls 911 after wife's zipper gets stuck
Man charged after UKIP leader Nigel Farage hit over head with placard by protester
Man charged in threats to gay, socialist officials (Seattle)
Man charged with beating elderly Bradenton man in speeding case
Man chops off his own hand with a homemade guillotine… and is now threatening to amputate his arm
Man claims self-defense in fatal San Jose shooting
Man convicted of slaying 7 awarded nearly $500K
Man dies after another APD officer-involved shooting (ABQ NM - video by neighbor)
Man dies after being bitten by a common household SPIDER: dismissed tiny bite to the neck....
Man dies in car explosion in Tel Aviv
Man emerges from bunker 14 years after Y2K scare
Man executed for raping, murdering sex slaves in dungeon
Man executed with controversial drug despite lawyer's appeal
Man fatally shot on South Side, 13 wounded in other shootings [Chicago]
Man finds fox frozen in Swedish lake
Man forced to strip by armed suspect
Man gives up everything, walks across U.S. making reparation for sins of abortion, family breakdown
Man gunned down outside luxury NJ mall (thought NJ was a gun free zone?)
Man has his nose bitten off in savage street brawl
Man hunting squirrels on private property near Midway (SC) Elementary prompted lockdown
Man in drive-through lane robs bank in south St. Louis
Man injured in hammer attack outside W.Va. mall
Man is dragged, disfigured and run over after women steal his Jay Z tickets
Man jailed for threatening to kill Prince Harry
Man kidnapped, killed after meeting escort, deputies say
Man kidnaps two brothers, sexually assaults both, tries to kill one before they escape: cops
Man killed after dispute over texting in theater
Man killed by Yakima police was holding an airsoft gun
Man known for elaborate Christmas display found dead in his home
Man linked to Boston suspect killed by FBI
Man linked to New York.'cannibal cop' case pleads guilty
Man makes surgical history after having his shattered face rebuilt using 3D printed parts
Man named Tayvon Martin charged in deadly shooting near Denver's City Park
Man out for walk says he showed gun, halted armed robbery of Mpls. market
Man planning to sue his rescuers possibly in the country illegally [VIDEO]
Man plans to marry Goat (a real news story from Brazil)
Man presumed victim of John Wayne Gacy found alive and well in Montana
Man punched, stomped in alleged knockout game-style attack
Man rescues dog from the middle of a busy freeway (video)
Man restoring '59 Chevy finds 50-year-old love letter — and delivers it
Man running for Tennessee governor to get his raccoon back
Man says police officer threatened to kill his dogs
Man sentenced for stealing Salvation Army donation kettle in Painesville (Ohio)
Man setting foot on Mars in 2030s nearing reality
Man shoots daughter's peacock after attack on neighbor
Man shot dead during Melbourne break-in, police say
Man shot dead over texting dispute in Florida theater
Man shot dead with his own gun after sexually assaulting woman in Bywater, NOPD says
Man shot, killed during argument with ex-girlfriend
Man slipped pregnant girlfriend abortion pills: prosecutors
Man spots Virgin Mary on tie-dye shirt
Man stole jars of human brain tissue, sold them online
Man survives 60 hours at bottom of Atlantic, rescued after finding air pocket [w/-video]
Man suspected of killing priest was in police custody before slaying
Man tells doctors he has no idea how bottle got stuck up his bum
Man tries to claim ‘abandoned’ homes (is in jail)
Man uses first-class ticket to get free meals for almost a year
Man washes up in Marshall Islands 'after 16 months adrift'
Man who allegedly wed 12-year-old in jail
Man who beheaded bus passenger should have more freedom: psychiatrist
Man who bilked millions in Navy charity scam gets 28 years
Man who crashed into Pasco deputy held for immigration review
Man who drove car into SXSW festival was wannabe rapper with six kids
Man who raped, murdered young south Fla. boy executed
Man who shot cop during raid thought he was defending pregnant girlfriend from robbers
Man who slapped baby on plane receives prison sentence
Man widowed after his goat 'wife' chokes to death
Man with Arabic flashcards can’t sue agents over airport detention
Man with Rare Blood Saves Millions
Man wounded while exchanging gunfire with home invader
Man wrongly jailed for 15 months until this video proved cop had lied
Man ‘High on LSD’ Claims to Be Jack Bauer From 24 After Bizarre Break-In
Man's Inhumanity to Man: Cannibalism in China
Man's body found dead in Petaluma
Man's law vs God's Law
Man's parents win fight to keep him on life support
Man, 20, 'bashed boss's wife and daughter to death with cement block because he got fired'
Man, 25, killed in wrong-way crash on I-275 (Tampa)
Man, 27, Electrocuted While Taking Photos Of Tustin Sunset
Man, 30, dies during EIGHT HOUR wait in an emergency room after going in for a rash
Man, 30, who stole $11 MILLION from banks to fund his 'rock star' lifestyle ....
Man, 39, killed by teen gunman in B15 bus shooting in Brooklyn
Man, 89, Sells Rare Collection Of LA, Santa Monica Photos
Man-eating, one-ton crocodile caught in Uganda
Man-speech
Management experts knock Obama
Manatees flock to plant's warmer waters (Florida)
Manchester police seize stun gun disguised as iPhone (UK)
Manchin warns Obamacare could still collapse
Manchin: ‘We Haven’t Been Successful’ in Changing Afghanistan: ‘Time to Leave’
Manchurian Candidate -- Vanity
Mandating Effective Gun Free Zones
Mandatory $24 admission fee set for 9/11 museum due to lack of government funds
Mandela 'one of the greatest modern politicians': Putin
Mandela Ceremony Sign Language Interpreter ‘A Fake’
Mandela Crashes Obama Johannesburg Appearance
Mandela Dies and the Hype Continues
Mandela Memorial Service. A Festival Hypocrisy and Cynicism
Mandela Memorial: Deaf Interpreter Was 'Fake'
Mandela Service Security Dangers Didn’t End With Interpreter
Mandela Was an Enemy of Israel - Mandela was an enabler of anti-Semitic terrorism.
Mandela ceremony interpreter called a 'fake'
Mandela memorial service interpreter admitted to psychiatric hospital
Mandela the Marxist
Mandela was pro-abortion, pro-gay marriage, and a high-ranking communist
Mandela's legacy: The freefall of South Africa (Rapes, murders, disease, corruption, poverty,...)
Mandela's passing and the looming threat of a race war against South Africa's whites.
Mandela, Churchill and the War for the Future
Mandela’s 1st township home shows lack of progress
Mandela’s Legacy Lives on in Iranian Resistance
Mandela’s Socialist Failure (Implies Mandela Is God-like)
Mandela’s sharp statements rarely cited in mainstream media
Manhattan man, 84, ticketed for jaywalking to file $5 million lawsuit against city
Manhole explosion in NYC (midtown no injuries)
Manhood: Who would Trayvon be now?
Manhunt Continues for Short Hills Carjackers (Hey, Christie! No perp descrips after 3 days?)
Manhunt leads to massive roadblock, warrantless car-to-car searches
Manifesto of free citizens of Ukraine and Russia
Mann vs. Steyn: The Trial of the Century
Manned Mission to MARS Possible, say Experts
Manning or Brady?
Manning’s Passing Record Stands After NFL Review
Manoppello's Holy Face shrine sees uptick in US interest
Manual transmission leaves carjackers on foot
Manuel Martinez, Fled Cuba. DESTROYS Oregon Lawmaker’s Gun Control Attempt
Manufacturer, Recalls All Active Models
Manufacturing Consent on Same Sex Marriage (By a gay man)
Manufacturing slows sharply in January, sends new orders reeling
Many Children Unable To Be Included In Parents’ Obamacare Family Plans
Many GP cancer referrals too slow, NHS England data suggests
Many Who Seek to “Reform” the Church fundamentally misunderstand her Mission and Purpose...
Many blacks and Latinos have no retirement savings, study shows
Many killed in Yemen as Houthi separatists gain ground
Many uninsured still unaware about Obamacare
Man’s Back Surgery On Hold As Doctors Deny Covered California Coverage
Man’s Estranged Wife Removes His Feeding Tube to Starve Him to Death, Despite Court Order
Man’s deportation fate still unclear after attorney files appeal
Man’s good deed lands his home on a list of meth labs
Man’s obituary makes odd request, Barbara Bush complies
Man’s personal info stolen after using Obamacare website
Mao Tse-tung Ornament Hangs on White House Christmas Tree
Map Shows Dozens of U.S. Military Ships Stationed In North Africa Waters During Benghazi Attack
Map of Lenin Monuments Toppled in Ukraine...
Map – Areas Of Probable Power System Collapse: “130 Million Lacking Power For Several Years”
Maple Syrup Revolution: A New Discovery Could Change the Business Forever
Mapped: The 634 runways where missing Malaysia Airlines plane could have landed
Mapping Every "Vanished" Plane Since 1948
Mapping the long and short of sex
Maps of Seven Deadly Sins in America
Marathon Victim Sues Glenn Beck For Defamation
Marcellus region to provide 18% of total U.S. natural gas production this month
March 2014 Tornado Drought May Set Record
March 2nd is Texas Independence Day. Lets Celebrate! (vanity)
March For Life - Live Coverage (Jan. 21 - 22)
March Madness? Fake ObamaCare Enrollment Numbers.
March for Life - and ProLife Movement - Now Led by Young Adults
March for Life expands to new cause: Obamacare
Marching as to War
Marco Rubio Won’t Say if He Smoked Pot
Marco Rubio aims for comeback with conservatives
Marco Rubio and Paul Ryan developing Obamacare alternative
Marco Rubio defends $10k subsidy after Obamacare signup
Marco Rubio explains that Venezuela is turning into a Cuban-style dictatorship
Marco Rubio talks immigration at Google (Citizenship for Illegals)
Marco Rubio's Warped Worldview [Lib angry because he doesn't buy Global Warming]
Marco Rubio: Russia is a government of 'liars'
Margaret Sanger: “We Want to Exterminate the Negro Population.” Her Wish is Coming True
Margaret Thatcher Still Number 1 in Poll of British MPs
Margaret Thatcher Was Less Worthy of U.S Respect Than Nelson Mandela?
Margaret Thatcher at Question Time.
Margaret Thatcher-Winter Of Discontent-(1979)Tory Political Broadcast
Margin Debt Hits All-Time High
Margolies lashes back over pay from her nonprofit (Mrs. Edward Mezvinsky)
Maria Bartiromo (Sunday) on Fox News Channel
Maria Bartiromo Debuts Strong on Fox News
Maria Cantwell's Men: An Attempt at Documenting the Dating History of Washington's Junior Senator
Maria Schriver's adoring interview of sugardaddy loving gubt. canindate Wendy Davis.
Maria Sharapova leads Russian athletes in Olympic torch lighting
Maria Von Trapp, Last Of The Sound of Music Siblings, Dead at 99
Maria von Trapp Dies
Mariah Carey criticized for performing for Angolan leader ($1 million of dictator's loot)
Marijuana AND Crystal Meth Legal in North Korea?
Marijuana Emerges as Issue That Blurs Conservative, Liberal Lines
Marijuana Farmers Unlikely To See Farm Tax Perks
Marijuana Overdoses Kill 37 in Colorado On First Day of Legalization
Marijuana amnesty boxes going up at Colorado Springs Airport
Marijuana industry delegation’s pitch on legalized pot: It’s just good business
Marijuana linked to death of Colorado exchange student
Marijuana use in these times
MarijuanaDoctors.com Airs First Marijuana Television Commercial Ever Shown on a "Major Network"
Marine Biologist Nancy Black to Be Sentenced for Illegally Feeding Wild Whales
Marine Corps Times: Emails show intent behind Corps moving newspaper
Marine Corps quietly delays pullup requirement for women
Marine Corps to create experimental task force with 25 percent women
Marine Le Pen's Worldview: Oppose America, Embrace Iran
Marine and Soldier Take Back US Flag from Hippie Protesters (Video)
Marine faces dishonorable discharge after WARNING soldiers of Taliban insider attack that killed...
Marine injured in Afghanistan grenade blast to receive Medal of Honor, report says
Marine killed in Afghanistan is awarded Navy Cross
Marine to Be Retried for Iraq Murder
Marine, tornado victim fights back after targeted by thieves
Marines Retrograde on Female Fitness Standards
Marines charged in attempted armed robbery will be dismissed from Marine Corps
Marines delay female fitness plan after half fail pullup test
Marines: Most Female Recruits Don't Meet New Pullup Standard
Mario Balotelli Tears Up After Being Subbed off for AC Milan Against Napoli (Rcist Chants)
Mariott, Holiday Inn, Sheraton report credit card breach
Mariska Hargitay Helped Catch Real-Life Rapist
Marius the giraffe: Copenhagen Zoo staff get death threats (after killing a healthy giraffe)
Marizela Featured on America's Most Wanted; Plus: Other young missing women from Pacific Northwest
Mark Kelly goes shooting after testifying on gun control
Mark Kelly: We’ve got eyes on 2014 races
Mark Landsbaum: Climate alarmists' search for proof going cold
Mark Levin C-Span2 Live Noon Sunday Jan 5th
Mark Levin Explodes on Mitch McConnell for Pressing Republican Senators to Join Harry Reid
Mark Levin Explodes on Mitch McConnell for Pressing Republicans To Join Harry Reid on Key Vote
Mark Levin Interview: Ted Cruz on Duck Dynasty
Mark Levin Joins Sarah Palin in Endorsing T.W. Shannon
Mark Levin LIVID over Obama admin not being held accountable for ANYTHING, yet going after Repubs
Mark Levin On Obama's Presidency: 'This Is Not the America that the Framers Established'
Mark Levin Refuted: Keep the Feds in Check with Nullification, not Amendments!
Mark Levin Scheduled for C-Span2's "In-Depth" Today at Noon (& Midnight) EST
Mark Levin Show, M-F, 6PM-9PM,EST WABC AM, January 23, 2014
Mark Levin Show, M-F, 6PM-9PM,EST, WABC AM, January 20, 2014
Mark Levin Show,6PM-9PM,EST,M-F,WABC AM, February 10, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,3PM-6PM,EST,WABC AM,December 16,2013
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,Happy St. Patrick's Day,WABC AM,March 17, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM, March 10, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM, March 11, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,April 1, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,April 10,2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,April 3, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,April 7,2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,April 9, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,March 13,2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,March 18, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,March 24, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,March 25,2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,March 27, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,March 31, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST, WABC AM, January 16, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST, WABC AM, January 8, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST, WABC AM, January 9, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,State of the Union Speech Night,WABC AM, January 28, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, February 17,2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, February 18, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, February 3, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, February 4, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, February 5, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, February 6, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, January 13, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, January 14, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, January 15, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, January 21, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, January 22,2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, January 29, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, January 30, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, January 6,2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, January 7, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, March 5, 2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,December 10,2013
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,December 11,2013
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,December 12,2013
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,December 17,2013
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,December 4, 2013
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,December 5,2013
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,February 19,2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,February 20,2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,January 2,2014
Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,March 6, 2014
Mark Levin Show,March Madness,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,March 20,2014
Mark Levin Show,Merry Christmas,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,December 19,2013
Mark Levin Show,Ray Charles Friday,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,December 13,2013
Mark Levin Show,Ray Charles Friday,M-F,6PM-9PM,WABC AM,EST,December 6,2013
Mark Levin Show,Ray Charles Fridays,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,April 4,2014
Mark Levin Show,Ray Charles Fridays,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,March 14,2014
Mark Levin Show,Ray Charles Fridays,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WABC AM,March 21,2014
Mark Levin Show,Ray Charles Fridays,M-F,6PM-9PM,EDT,WMAL AM,March 28,2014
Mark Levin Show,Ray Charles Fridays,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST, WABC AM, January 10,2014
Mark Levin Show,Ray Charles Fridays,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,March 7, 2014
Mark Levin Show,Ray Charles Fridays,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, February 7, 2014
Mark Levin Show,Ray Charles Fridays,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, January 24, 2014
Mark Levin Show,Ray Charles Fridays,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, January 31, 2014
Mark Levin Show,Ray Charles Fridays,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,January 17, 2014
Mark Levin dismisses pay-to-play charge (by the National Republican Senatorial Committee)
Mark Levin endorses Chris McDaniel for US Senate
Mark Levin endorses Nebraska's Ben Sasse for the US Senate
Mark Levin interviews Paul Ryan on the new budget agreement (Woodshed time!)
Mark Levin omitted vital information when explaining the Electoral College
Mark Levin on Obama: "I Can't Think of Anything He Touches That Doesn't Turn to Crap"
Mark Levin slams Obama IRS as ‘STALINIST’ over new IRS revelations
Mark Levin,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,December 18, 2013
Mark Levin,Ray Charles Fridays,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM,February 21, 2014
Mark Levin: Boehner Trashed Conservatives on Budget to Help Pass Amnesty for Illegals
Mark Levin: Economy "Cannot Be Fixed Until There's An Ultimate Collapse" (audio)
Mark Levin: GOP Establishment 'Dumped All Over' Jolly
Mark Levin: McConnell just cut the legs right out from under House Republicans…
Mark Levin: Obama Admin Hates Israel And Only Likes Jews Who Voted For Them
Mark Levin: Ruling Class 'Should Fear' the Tea Party Movement
Mark Pryor Turns to the Bible in New Campaign Ad
Mark Pryor: Military service gives GOP opponent Tom Cotton a 'sense of entitlement'
Mark Schauer expected to announce Oakland County Clerk Lisa Brown as running mate in governor's race
Mark Steyn On Mandela’s Passing...
Mark Steyn On New Yorkers’ Amnesia Of How Bad It Was In The 70s
Mark Steyn On The House GOP’s Bad Form On Military Retirees etc
Mark Steyn: Mann And Superman's Cape (Steyn needs your help)
Mark Steyn: Trial, and Error
Mark Zandi and Others Wrong on Jobs Data
Mark Zuckerberg Affiliated Group Blast Airwaves to Back House GOP on Immigration
Mark Zuckerberg Affiliated Group Blast Airwaves to Back House GOP on Immigration(GOP Airing Ads Now)
Mark Zuckerberg Calls US Government ‘Threat to the Internet’
MarkBsnr has passed
Market Closing Prop. 13 Commercial Property Tax Gap
Market butcher forced to stop displaying meat and game in windows because 'townies' object (UK)
Market comeback evaporates, Dow down 100 points
Market is Starting to Scare Me
Markets doing the job Obama and the west can't do: The Russian Stock Markets Tank 10%
Markets plunge on Ukraine crisis; Russia’s central bank intervenes [Russian markets panic]
Markets rise as sanctions spare Russian economy
Markos Moulitsas: A blue Georgia
Marlboro man dies from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease at 72
Marriage Equality Takes Deadly Twist: Woman to Marry Deceased Fiancé
Marriage Study: Being Right Makes You Happy, Subordinating Makes You Miserable
Marriage should be defined as heterosexual in Russian Constitution – politician
Marriage: The Real Fight Has Just Begun
Married Man’s Ordination Reveals Unusual Prohibition on Eastern Catholics
Married ex-Washington Post executive found dead at a gay hot spot with a pipe and needle
Married same-sex couples in Utah can file joint state taxes, commission says
Married to the Ukrainian Mob
Marriott Hotels Promoting Gay Getaways
Marry First, then Cheat (Barf Alert)
Mars One unveils first stage of plan to colonize Red Planet
Marseillaise: French City with 40% Muslim Population is the Most Dangerous City in Europe
Marsha Blackburn To "Test The Waters" For 2016 Presidential Bid
Marshmallows With Rat Poison in Arabian Ranches (K9 Friends Raise Alarm)
Martelli's grandson steals the show (Cute March Madness Video)
Martha Coakley backs AGs’ call to snuff smokes
Martin Armstrong Warns Of 2016 Constitutional Convention
Martin Armstrong Warns This Is The Age Of Civil Unrest
Martin Bashir Out at MSNBC in Wake of Palin Remarks (Phil Griffin destroying NBC News)
Martin Bashir Resigns From MSNBC
Martin Gottfried, Theater Critic and Author, Dies at 80
Martin Luther King Cheated On His Wife & Other Lesser-Known Facts About The Civil Rights Leader...
Martin Luther King Jr. biopic dropped by Oliver Stone after script with adultery rejected
Martin Luther King's children battling over estate
Martin Luther King's daughter defiant after estate sues for Bible, Nobel prize
Martin Luther King's personal physician in Chicago, longtime friend of Obama: Quentin Young
Martin Scorsese Defends 'The Wolf of Wall Street': 'The Devil Comes With A Smile' (Q&A)
Martyrdom Today [Christians Murdered Around the World, ABC focuses on Moscow Gay bar closing]
Martyred bishop should be patron saint of abuse victims
Marx and Satan
Marxist History Theory and Obama
Marxist Poetry @ the MLA
Marxist Theory and Communist Reality Come Face to Face in Ukraine
Marxist minstrel
Mary Burke won't meet with Obama during Thursday's visit; Walker will (WI)
Mary Grace Canfield dies at 89; character actress was on 'Green Acres'
Mary Katharine Ham: Obama ‘narrating the presidency, not actually holding the office’ [VIDEO]
Mary Landrieu Polling Continues Downward Spiral In Louisiana
Mary Landrieu Uses Her Political Power Against Louisianans
Mary Landrieu looks for independent, GOP support
Mary Landrieu runs from Nancy Pelosi & Obamacare
Mary Landrieu – Canary In A Coal Mine
Mary Landrieu's Career Depends on Winning a Numbers Game (and the math might not save her this time)
Mary Leading the March for Life [Catholic Caucus]
Mary Mary's Erica Campbell Too 'Sexy' for Gospel? Some Christians Think So
Mary Matalin Smacks Down MSNBC’s Dyson: ‘Will You Ever Get Tired of Beating Up On Darth Vader?’
Mary Matalin: Hillary Won't Even Run
Mary,Our Lady of Quatlasupe,She who crushes the head of the serpent, is leading...(Catholic Caucus)
Marygrove College designates a prayer room for Muslim students
Maryland Cop Kills Dog
Maryland Mall Shooter Intended Columbine Copycat
Maryland considers abolishing its exchange, going federal
Maryland exchange director resigns, was on Caribbean vacation when it imploded
Maryland health exchange director resigns after questions about vacation [after website failed]
Maryland official who led problematic, state-run ObamaCare site resigns
Maryland to Drop Obamacare Exchange: 'Broken Beyond Repair'
Maryland to dump its ObamaCare exchange
Maryland to reportedly abandon $125M ObamaCare exchange for new system
Maryland welcomes wrong people to Medicaid
Maryland..! DC's wealthy neighbor tops list of states with households boasting seven-figure assets
Masculinity and The War on Poverty
Masochism TV : Why do we keep watching unpleasant shows?
Mass Arrests During ’04 Convention Leave Big Bill and Lingering Mystery
Mass Flow Calorimetry System for Scaled up Experiments on Anomalous Heat Evolution
Mass Murder Myths - A prosecutor's report debunks misconceptions about the Sandy Hook massacre.
Mass Murderer Mao Made "Mistakes," Chinese Regime Admits
Mass at the Border Raises Liturgical and Canonical Issues
Mass email goes out to all Congressional staff: Sorry, D.C. Obamacare site has crashed
Mass grave found near cathedral
Mass graves greeted by mass silence
Mass held in Spain backs new (anti-)abortion law
Mass immigration has left Britain 'unrecognisable', says Nigel Farage
Mass killer threatens hunger strike, wants new PlayStation (Norway)
Mass mobs fill pews, lift prayers at NY churches
Mass murderer Breivik to hunger strike for better video games
Mass sea star deaths off US west coast puzzle scientists
Mass spec backpack for chemical analysis on the go
Mass wedding...'political stunt' to push gay marriage...Natalie Grant responds after leaving early
Mass. GOP approves conservative-leaning platform
Mass. High Court: Subway Upskirt Photos Not Illegal
Mass. Religious Leaders Bless Minimum Wage Hike
Mass. Senator Proposes Bill That Would Cripple American Gun Industry
Mass. lawmakers hail Pope Francis’s message
Mass. man arrested after recording officer in street
Mass. monks first in U.S. to brew authentic Trappist beer
Mass. prison officials appeal sex-change ruling
Mass. state police: Heroin seized in drug case labeled 'Obama Care'
Mass. targets smoking in public housing
Mass. to give $50m for storm, flood protection (Climate Change)
MassEquality denied permission to march in St. Patrick's Day Parade
MassResistance announces fight to stop the "war against children" in Massachusetts
Massachusetts Attorney General Backs Discrimination Lawsuit Against Catholic Diocese
Massachusetts Considers Denying Constitutional Rights to Innocent Arrestees
Massachusetts DCF denies Pelletiers weekly visitation with Justina
Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick open to White House bid
Massachusetts Health Connector website may not be completed by June
Massachusetts Obamacare exchange granted federal extension as director gently weeps
Massachusetts State Police Bust 'Obama Care' Heroin
Massachusetts dumping health insurance website contractor
Massachusetts treasurer passes kidney stone during gubernatorial debate
Massachusetts: Obama Uncle Avoids Deportation
Massaging of Critical Data Undermines Our Society
Massive Hole Discovered Under Antarctica, Bigger Than The Grand Canyon
Massive Open Online Course on Whitman opens Feb. 17
Massive Support Claimed for Crimea Merger with Russia; Ukrainian Troops Given till Friday to Leave
Massive Voter Fraud Discovered in North Carolina’s 2012 Election
Massive Voter Fraud Tainted ’12 Election
Massive anti-Maidan rallies grip eastern Ukraine as residents demand referendum
Massive blaze burning at residential building under construction in Montrose (Houston)
Massive global push to criminalize all dissent against Islam officially begins
Master rifle maker had Wichita in his roots
Masters landmark Ike's Tree suffers major damage, removed
Masterson Station (neighborhood association) foreclosure draws Lexington city council's attention
Masturbating: Ohio Highway Patrol Trooper Won't Be Charged
Math app can help fight jet lag
Mathematical illiterates are celebrating New York City’s new 1.6 MW solar power project
Matheson will not seek reelection in 2014
Matheson's exit gives GOP's Mia Love an opening for Utah congressional seat
Matriarchy and Polygamy – a Regression to Primitivism
Matt Bevin
Matt Bevin - A Path Forward For Kentucky
Matt Bevin Calls on McConnell to Oppose ‘Ryan-Murray’ Deal
Matt Bevin Continues to Impress
Matt Bevin Grilled on why he's running against Mitch McConnell
Matt Bevin: Mitch McConnell Is A Bully With A Thirty-Year ‘Machiavellian Death-Grip’
Matt Bevin: Mitch McConnell can’t win in November
Matt Drudge Issues Warning: “Have An Exit Plan”
Matt Drudge Issues Warning: “Have an Exit Plan…”
Matt Drudge is lovin' "Noah"
Matt Drudge- asleep at the wheel tonight?
Matt Drudge: Discovering Prayer in 2013 'Changed My Life'
Matt Yglesias: Solving Non-Problems
Matthew 11, verses 28-30 (K.J.V.)
Matthew Dowd Rejects Obamacare as Reason for Jolly Election Victory
Matthew Yglesias is Juice Vox Media’s Village Idiot and Liar-in-Chief
Matthews on Obama Interview: ‘He Came Amongst Us’ [Barf-bags at the ready, please]
Matthews: South Africa's Last Apartheid Era Ruler More of a Patriot Than Mitch McConnell
Matthews: South Africa’s White Apartheid Leaders Were More Patriotic Than GOP
Maui Police release cause of Loretta Fuddy's death.
Mauled once, gun control advocates will poke the bear a few more times
Mavericks Surf Contest Might Start Friday
Maximizing the 2014 Primaries
Maxwell Institute teaming up with the Vatican Library (Mormons and Catholics)
May 2014 Be the End of GOP Obstructionism!
Maya Angelou on why Mandela is admired (Another BARF Alert)
Maybe Bailing on Immigration Reform Actually Worked Out Well for Republicans
Maybe Christie can regain popularity by hitching himself to a train-wreck liberals don't hate...
Maybe Christie should have a shill like Wasserman-Schultz say he was "in the dark" about the bridge?
Maybe Now They’ll Pay Attention To The Gulen Schools
Maybe it's time to do what India did
Maybe the 'uninsured' want to stay 'uninsured': Why did we pass this law again?
Maybe the Most Orwellian Text Message a Government's Ever Sent
Maybe, the Best App Ever: Wake Up and Smell the Bacon!
Mayor Annise Parker and longtime partner make wedding plans (Houston's lesbian leader)
Mayor Bill de Blasio Appoints Sharpton’s Tax Fraud Lawyer as NYC Chief Lawyer
Mayor Bill de Blasio attends gay-friendly St. Patrick's Day parade in Queens
Mayor Bloomberg: Mandatory Flu Shots For NYC Pre-Schoolers Will Save Lives
Mayor Bloomberg: New high school named for Nelson Mandela will open in Brooklyn
Mayor De Blasio vs. Minority Children: Defender of the powerless or of the teachers’ unions?
Mayor De Blasio's New York Needs The 'One Percenters' More Than Ever
Mayor DiBlasio Promises to Tackle NYC's 'Inequality Crisis'
Mayor Invites Pope Francis to Visit Green Bay with Lure of Sacred Shrine
Mayor Kaiser Wilhelm II Did Not Plow The UES of NYC, but WHY?
Mayor Landrieu loses in court over $17.5 million payment to firefighters' pension fund
Mayor Of Fort Hood Shooter's Hometown In Puerto Rico Identifies Ivan Lopez In Photo
Mayor calls APD shooting ‘horrific … unsettling’ (includes link to video)
Mayor de Blasio Kicks 700 Kids Out of Over-Performing Schools
Mayor de Blasio admits mistakes in snow removal on New York’s Upper East Side
Mayor de Blasio angry at Albany for tabling pre-K
Mayor offers up $1M for a firm's help in branding Jersey City, holding contest for residents’ help
Mayor-elect Murray seeks wage-issue consensus - Seattle to address income inequality
Mayor-elect Peduto (Pittsburgh) makes peculiar request to President Obama
Mayoral Candidate Allegedly Beaten Up By Two Teenage Girls At Mall Of America(Youts)
Mazda recalling cars due to potential spider web damage
Mazel Tov, Christians! Most Jews Wish You A Merry Christmas
McAuliffe sworn in as Virginia governor
McCain 'Seriously Considering' Running for Reelection to Senate
McCain Blasts Obama For 'Timid' Response to Russia
McCain Hangs Out With Soros In Switzerland
McCain Happy that House is Pushing Amnesty
McCain Least Popular Senator in Country
McCain Presses for Immigration Overhaul This Year [Schumer Doppelgänger?]
McCain Raises Prospect of Russian Incursion Into Poland
McCain and Graham slam Obama for Iraq violence
McCain hints at reelection run with fundraising event (concerned retirement will age him)
McCain on Rodman: ‘I Think He’s An Idiot’ [From the guy who posed with Syrian murderers]
McCain on Ted Cruz: Has he forgotten that Reagan gave amnesty to three million illegals?
McCain praises House Republicans' immigration reform principles
McCain prays Palin stays out of SC primary
McCain speaks out
McCain to GOP: Get your priorities straight!
McCain to Hispanic Chamber of Commerce: I'll Fight for Amnesty as Long as 'I'm Alive and Breathing'
McCain, Graham Helping Osborn in Nebraska GOP Primary (Sasse for Senate!!)
McCain, Graham blast Obama for Al Qaeda-related takeover of Fallujah, call situation 'predictable'
McCain, Kaine unveil measure to change war powers
McCain, Manafort, and The Ukraine (GOPe behind Putin's Ukrainian lackey president?)
McCain: 'Russia is a gas station masquerading as a country'
McCain: Arizona GOP censure may spur sixth run
McCain: Censure by state GOP makes me more likely to run
McCain: Cruz’s Criticism of Bob Dole Crossed a Line (Good Lord!)
McCain: Don't count Obama out (because he is a man of talent)
McCain: Here’s How to Punish Putin
McCain: I want to name America’s new immigration reform law after Ted Kennedy
McCain: I’m inclined to vote with Democrats for cloture on this Boehner/Ryan budget deal
McCain: Jeb Bush 'Smartest Guy I Know on Education'
McCain: My Good Friend Ted Cruz Should Apologize to My Other Good Friend Bob Dole
McCain: Obama is Worse than Carter (but not “wacko-bird” conservatives?)
McCain: Obama-Castro handshake akin to greeting Hitler
McCain: Republicans Who Vote Against Budget Deal Lack Intellectual Integrity
McCain: Republicans opposed to budget deal ‘lack some intellectual integrity’ [VIDEO]
McCain: Send Petraeus back to Iraq
McCain: Syria peace talks nearing dead end, calls for change 'on the ground'
McCain: ‘It’s Tragic’ There’s No U.S. Military Option In Ukraine
McCaskill, who doesn’t want Bill Clinton near her daughter, angry at Rand Paul for insulting Bill
McClatchy-Marist Poll: Obama gets worst ratings of his presidency (53% disapprove)
McConnell Auditions for Job as Cable News Commentator
McConnell Backer Ann Coulter Lies About Ted Cruz and Gets Amnesty Push 100% Wrong
McConnell Challenger, Matt Bevin, Scoffs at Chamber of Commerce Ad
McConnell Hosts Fundraiser for North Carolina’s Charlie Crist at Home of Fannie Mae Lobbyist
McConnell Prepared to Cut Backroom Deal on IMF Bailout
McConnell Sparks Conservative Ire With Debt-Limit Vote
McConnell Turns Spoofed Video Into Fundraiser
McConnell Urges Senate to Pass Bipartisan Legislation to Assist Kentuckians with Disabilities
McConnell Vows Conservative Agenda if He’s Senate Leader (root and branch becomes tooth and nail)
McConnell and his challenger Bevin attack each other on immigration reform
McConnell attacked for long tenure
McConnell brings Gun To CPAC
McConnell campaign ad mistakes Duke for Kentucky
McConnell campaign committing turnovers
McConnell emphasizes Tea Party ties in filing for reelection (Huh?)
McConnell gets lukewarm CPAC reception
McConnell hints he wants no part of immigration push this year
McConnell in trouble in Kentucky senate race
McConnell in trouble in Kentucky senate race (Only 45-44 over Democrat; 51% Disapproval Rate)
McConnell is finished, wave good bye to the nice man
McConnell labeled a 'bully' in new ad
McConnell primary opponent Bevin downplays impact of Rand Paul
McConnell refusing to debate Bevin
McConnell to Vote for Cloture, Despite Reservations About Immigration Bill (Amnesty Flashback)
McConnell's Growing Ties to Rand Paul: Trouble Brewing? [12/10/2013]
McConnell's Job Approval Rating Is Lower Than Obama's In Kentucky
McConnell, Cornyn Walk Plank on Debt Limit to Ire of Conservatives
McConnell, Cornyn help advance debt ceiling increase in Senate
McConnell, NRSC to Help Cochran Fundraise (and then a reelected Cochran will vote for McConnell)
McConnell, challenger neck-and-neck in poll (there's no reason to keep Mitch as GOP nominee)
McConnell/Reid Supermajority Lives On
McConnell: GOP expanding Senate map
McConnell: Immigration reform not going to happen in 2014
McConnell: Senate Conservatives Fund ‘giving conservatism a bad name’ (Go away, Mitch!)
McConnell: We Will 'Crush' Tea Party Challengers 'Everywhere'
McConnell: We Won’t Treat Debt Limit Bill ‘Like Some Kind of Motherhood Resolution’
McConnell: We're Going to 'Crush' Tea Party Candidates in GOP Primaries This Year
McConnell: You’re Messing with a Son Of A Mitch! *Audio Interviews*
McConnell: ‘I’m a big fan of the tea party movement’ [video]
McConnell’s Triumph The Court vindicates freedom of speech.
McConnell’s bring-it-on moment (yeah, after nobody else would give him cover!)
McConnell’s primary challenger raises $900,000
McCrory asked to reconsider Medicaid expansion
McDaniel Blasts RINO Cochran in Mississippi Senate Race for Constitutional ‘Inability’
McDaniel College Probes ‘CMT Versus BET’ Event
McDermott says 'Pono Choices' is medically inaccurate, inappropriate for middle school
McDonald's February same-restaurant sales fall 0.3 percent
McDonald's Has To Get Rid Of 10 Million Pounds Of Mighty Wings
McDonald's hit by worker lawsuits claiming it steals wages
McDonald's napkin lawsuit: Man suing McDonald's for only giving one napkin
McDonald's opens first location in Vietnam
McDonald's sees fewer customers, sales disappoint
McDonald's shuts down internal website
McDonald's slashes Mighty Wings price to sell off excess
McDonald's stuck with 10 million pounds of wings
McDonald's sued for $1.5 mil by customer after employee called 'Angel' only gave him one NAPKIN
McDonalds -- Man Sues for $1.5 MILLION ... They Only Gave Me One Napkin
McDonalds Employee Busted Selling Heroin Out Of Restaurant
McDonald’s Backs Down Over ‘No Youths After 7PM’ Sign
McDonald’s Begins Efforts to Debunk Pink Slime Myth
McDonald’s Pulls McResource Website After Noticing It Suggests Employees Not Eat Fast Food
McDonald’s Quits Crimea As Tensions Mount
McDonald’s To Pay $50,000 To Muslim Employee In Discrimination Lawsuit
McDonald’s to workers: Don’t eat our food!
McDonald’s worker fired after paying for food donation (to local firefighters)
McFarland promotes expanding fort's military role Joint special operations, more UAS operations
McGaughey, McGoy, McCaughey, McCoy?
McGruff The Crime Dog Actor Sentenced To 16 Years For Pot, Grenade Launcher
McInnish Appeal denied in Alabama {Obama Eligibility Case]
McLaughlin: Louder than the rest of Cuomo’s potential GOP challengers
McMilestone: Massachusetts McDonald's celebrates employee's 100th birthday
McNeely: George P. and the Bushes
Md. House bill would link gun, criminal registries [Gun Confiscation]
Md. Lawmakers To Get 15 Percent Pay Hike
Md. Teen Among First Openly Gay Scouts to Achieve Top Rank After Ban Lift
Md. mall gunman was avid skater, no criminal past
Md. man sets fire to home using torch to melt ice off front porch
Mean ole pit-bull and a defenseless cat
Meanwhile In Detroit...
Meanwhile, Alabama Faces Substitute Teacher Shortage Because Of ObamaCare
Meanwhile, China Quietly Takes Over Zimbabwe
Meanwhile, Down at the Maidan...
Measure To End Pemex's Petroleum-Production Monopoly Passes Mexican Senate
Meat and cheese may be as bad as smoking
Meatball the Fat Cat Heads to Feline Fat Farm (UPDATE)
Meatball, a Phoenix feline, weighs 36 pounds (dropped off at animal shelter)
Medal of Honor Ceremony Connects Generations
Medal of Honor Profile in Courage - Lt Vincent Capodanno, United States Navy Chaplain
Medal of Honor recipient to be buried today
Medal of Honor: Lessons of Personal Bravery and Self-Sacrifice (Live webcast)
Meddling with Obamacare could undermine the whole law (but save a few RATS)
Medea Benjamin Lies to Egyptian Reporter about Lack of Involvement in Overthrow of Mubarak
Medea Benjamin's miraculous 'recovery'
Media Advisory: Press Conference in Brazil to Announce Discovery in Outer Solar System
Media Avoids Commenting on Stoned Appearance of Obama in Olympics Interview
Media Bias Never Stops
Media Bias on Reporting Colorado Shooting
Media Blackout on ObamaCore
Media Blacks Out New Snowden Interview The Government Doesn’t Want You to See
Media Covered Up Bill Clinton’s 2008 Affair During Hillary’s Presidential Run
Media Declares Victory Over Christie
Media Deploys Foaming Phalanx Of Race-Baiters, Screaming About Michael Dunn Mistrial
Media Gives “Bridgegate” 17x More Coverage in 1 Day than Obama’s IRS Targeting in 6 Months
Media Grilling - Does FCC Study Violate Freedom Of The Press? - Judge Andrew Napolitano F&F
Media Hype 'Good' ObamaCare News, Bury The Bad
Media Ignore César Chávez’s Opposition to Illegal Immigration, Racial Advocacy
Media Matters Writer Responds to Ft. Hood Shooting: “At Least Andrew Breitbart Is Dead”
Media Matters and TPM mislead over CPRC’s interview on Gun-free zones
Media Matters inexplicably attacks Fox News for using the term ‘homosexual’
Media Not Very Curious about D’Souza Indictment: This thing stinks to high heaven
Media SHREDDED Bush Over Saddam's Missing WMD- What About Obama's Blatant False Pretense in Syria?
Media Silence Explained?: Soros Fingerprints On FCC Newsroom Probe
Media Soap Opera Turns to Jan Brewer
Media and Politicians want to impose same-sex “marriage” – but citizens fight back. [Estonia]
Media flayed for 'kiss a--' Obama worship
Media ignores this but 36 year study proves free market not socialism cures worst poverty worldwide
Media in Ma. starts campaign to normalize transgenderism and sex-changes for schoolchildren!
Media too quick to label Texas Tech fan a racist
Media wrongly attack Drudge after he admits paying Obamacare penalty
Media, Dems Deny Start Of ObamaCare Tsunami In Florida
Media, White House erupt at Huckabee for saying something about Democrats and women’s libidos
MediaTek Reinvents Charging with Multimode Wireless Charger
Mediaite Pundit: No Need For CNN To Be Responsible
Medias support of ACA nothing short of Communist Propaganda
Media’s Hillary worship already making them look stupid
Media’s Top 10 Most Embarrassing Predictions of 2013
Medic: At least 70 protesters killed in Kiev
Medicaid Backdoor to Government Health Care
Medicaid Enrollment Jump Spurred By Obamacare, But How Much? [7 Million In 3 Months]
Medicaid Expansion Studies Weren't Trustworthy
Medicaid applications from HealthCare.gov called flawed; Mo. enrollment dips
Medicaid enrollment meeting goals, private insurance falling short [WA]
Medicaid expansion under ObamaCare will lead to more emergency room visits, study suggests
Medicaid v Medicare
Medical Center won't let patients watch Fox News
Medical Excise Tax on Retail Receipts
Medical First: 3-D Printed Skull Successfully Implanted in Woman
Medical Identity Theft and Obamacare
Medical Marijuana Dispensary Guard Shoots Self in Foot (San Bernardino, CA)
Medical director accused of harassing woman she called "homewrecker"
Medical marijuana ballot called 'plan' to help Crist beat Scott
Medical marijuana could put employers in bind
Medical marijuana gaining support in Georgia
Medical marijuana refugees: 'This was our only hope'
Medical marijuana to go to ballot, Florida Supreme Court rules
Medical test surprises: What should you be told?
Medical worker finally gets insurance on Obamacare website (or the free pony was worth the wait)
Medicare Advantage plans may face cuts
Medicare Changes: 'Under Observation'
Medicare posts hospitals' 'clean and dirty laundry' on Hospital Compare website
Medicine Jim, but not as we know it: Star Trek-style tricorder that scans for signs of disease
Medved: White House Protection for Black-Out Drunks
Meeks Crony Dorothy Ogundu Arrested For Stealing $370K; Where is IRS?
Meet Al Jazeera America (Why Viewers are Staying Away in Droves)
Meet Bizzle! Justin Bieber Changes His Name...Planning On Launching A Rap Career
Meet Boehner’s primary opponents
Meet Ethan Krupp: Pajamacare boy and Organizing for Action employee
Meet Gwendolyn Chapman : Jackson MS Candidate (humor)
Meet Johnny Boehner's 2014 Primary Challenger- Ohio Entrepreneur ERIC GURR
Meet Lady Bird, a massive machine digging out a solution to D.C. wastewater woes
Meet Madison Rising, the Band Behind Sarah Palin's New Theme Song
Meet Phil Robertson Up Close and Personel
Meet Preet — Obama’s hatchet man against filmmakers
Meet Steve Stockman (TX Senate)
Meet T.W. Shannon
Meet The Brand New, And Shocking, Third Largest Foreign Holder Of US Treasurys
Meet The Man Who Created The 3D Printed Gun (Scared of those icky guns alert)
Meet The Mandela RINOs: Republicans Who Lost Their R-Card For Praising Mandela
Meet The World's First Mustang Owner: Video
Meet U.S. Senate Hopeful Chris Mapp, Who Thinks "Wetbacks" Should Be Shot on Sight
Meet myRA: Obama offers IRA plan details
Meet the "Kronies"–Brilliance in Highlighting "Crapitalism"
Meet the 2016 Republican Nominee
Meet the 99.999999 Percent: They’re worried about jobs and growth, not inequality.
Meet the Bossy Feminist
Meet the Dishonest Radical Academic Eric Holder Tapped to Oversee Federal Election Law
Meet the Gay Black Republican Selling Guns Online for Bitcoin
Meet the Gay Priest Getting Married (C of E)
Meet the Gay Priest Getting Married (CoE)
Meet the Kronies: A Team of Politically Inspired Big Government Action Figures
Meet the Lykoi Cat, a New Breed That's Scary Cute. Like Werewolf Scary
Meet the Man Who Transforms Corpses into Diamonds
Meet the New Superbullet (Same as the Old Superbullet?)
Meet the Night Wolves – Putin's Hell's Angels
Meet the Richerals: Rich liberals drenched in guilt.
Meet the Russian mayor who beat Putin's political machine
Meet the former NFL cheerleader who is now in the Army
Meet the homemaker who could end Illinois' push to unionize home health care
Meet the kinder, gentler Mitch McConnell (he's always kind and gentle with democrats)
Meet the most dysfunctional team in Sochi (American)
Meet the most powerful woman in America (why Valerie Jarrett is called 'the de facto president')
Meet the seven people who hold the keys to worldwide internet security
Meeting Windows User Expectations With Linux
Meeting the Challenge of Chinese Expansionism on the East Asian Littoral
Meeting with Greeley’s Rep. Dave Young sparks gun control debate
Mega Bracket Buster ... Dayton 60-59 Over Ohio State FINAL
Mega Default Scheduled in China Scheduled for January 31
Mega Millions jackpot climbs as nobody wins $425M (Now $550 million)
Megachurch Leader Asks: 'Am I Too White to Be Your Pastor?'
Megachurch Pastor Bob Coy of Calvary Chapel Fort Lauderdale Resigns Over 'Moral Failing'
Megachurch pastor Steven Furtick’s ‘spontaneous baptisms’ not so spontaneous
Megachurch pastor stuns congregation by announcing he’s converting to Catholicism
Megafloods May Have Carved Canyons on Earth & Mars
Megalast Ball (Perfect bounce target)
Megyn Kelly Responds to Santa Claus Critics: Get a Sense of Humor
Megyn Kelly Won’t Name Ft. Hood Shooter On Her Fox News Show (Video)
Megyn Kelly answers CAIR’s retraction demand: ‘Well, guess what — you’re not getting it!’
Megyn Kelly to McConnell: If Obama’s executive power grabs are so terrible, why not impeach him?
Megyn Kelly, Fox News’s brightest star
Megyn Kelly, superstar: Her new show on Fox News Channel has become a major hit
Megyn Kelly: Jesus and Santa were white
Megyn Kelly: No, I Won’t Be Retracting My Report...That Shows How Muslims Abuse Women
Meir Har-Tzion "Greatest Israeli War Hero' Dies
Mel Reynolds pleads guilty to visa violation, but porn charge dropped (Ill RAT getting deported)
Mel Reynolds ‘in hiding’ in South Africa
Mel Watt And The Flat-lined Mortgage Purchase Application Problem (Real Household Income Falling)
Mel Watt becomes new chief overseeing Fannie, Freddie
Melinda Gates Talks About her Catholic Faith and Funding Contraceptives to Fight AIDS
Melissa Harris Perry would rather have the adopted Romney baby aborted.
Melissa Harris-Perry Jokes About Mormons ‘Changing Their Minds About Black Folks Having Souls'
Melissa Harris-Perry Panel Mocks Black Romney Grandchild As Token
Melissa Harris-Perry Panelist Levels Racism Charge Against Republicans Minutes After Host's Apology
Melissa Harris-Perry Pronounces Marine Corps Motto Semper 'Fee'
Melissa Harris-Perry brags about her sixth sense for knowing when stuff is racist
Melissa Harris-Perry’s MSNBC Panel Mocks Mitt Romney’s Black Grandson
Melissa-Harris Perry Cries During On-Air Apology to Romney Family [video at link]
Melkite Patriarch Says ‘We are Resolved to be Martyrs,’ Urges Pope to Work for Holy Land Peace
Mellanox shows off 56Gb Ethernet cards
Member of Obama’s Council of Economic Advisers Admits White House 77 Cents Pay Gap Claim Is Bogus
Member of Russian Sochi 2014 team reportedly among three biathletes to fail drugs tests
Member of the Russian Parliament who voted against annexation of Crimea, will be having problems
Member states back new EU tobacco rules
Member states want EU embassy in Iran, MEP says
Members of Congress Win Right to Say 'Merry Christmas' Without Ethics Violation
Members of Congress Won't Read This Bill
Members of mom anti-gun violence group urge posting of ‘No Guns’ signs
Memento: The story of liberals who can’t seem to learn from reality…
Memo Says Hillary Supports Single Payer Health System
Memo to Conservatives: Republicans Aren't Your Friends Time for conservatives to stop being nice.
Memo to GOP: Become the Workers’ Party-Republicans should seize the opportunity to set a jobs agenda
Memo to House GOP [Kristol Says Pass Debt Ceiling, But Do NOT Pass Amnesty]
Memo to House GOP: Immigration Surge Would Harm American Workers
Memo to public school students: Fight Back
Memories of Archbishop Bergoglio
Men Are 'On Strike' Throughout The U.S.: What Are The Causes? (More John Galt than Peter Pan?)
Men Are Obsolete
Men Surpass Women in Publishing Research
Men Without Women: Is There A Male Friendship Crisis?
Men and women the same? Tell it to the Marines
Men and women's brains are 'wired differently'
Men banned from becoming Queen as 700 years of law redrafted ahead of gay marriage (UK)
Men dressed as Santa pummel each other in bizarre fight [VIDEO]
Men have started to talk like WOMEN: Study finds
Men to blame for childless women? It's society that disenfranchises fathers, says Peter Lloyd
Men's Halfpipe Results - Spoiler Alert
Menendez pushing Congress to act on immigration reform
Mental health laws are trouble for Dems
Mentally Challenged Man Wins $403K Lottery, Loses It 4 Weeks Later
Mercury News editorial: Concealed weapons permit decision could put Californians in danger
Mercury the kitten has no front legs but is still living life to the full [w/pix]
Meredith Kercher killer freed from prison to study after serving just six years of his sentence
Merger to make Chiquita world's biggest banana company
Merkel Warns Russia of Economic Consequences Over Ukraine
Merkel backs Kerry’s US Middle East peace bid
Merkel backs call for EU school lessons to counter ‘growing Euro-skepticism’
Merkel miffed at Barack Obama and David Cameron 'nuclear war game'
Merkel not ready to back economic sanctions against Russia
Merkel pushes for binding European reforms
Merkel to pick popular woman ally as defense minister
Merkel under fire for missing Mandela tribute
Merkel vs. Putin, Round Two: EU Grooming Klitschko to Lead Ukraine
Merkel, Hollande to discuss European communication network avoiding U.S.
Merkel: Crimea grab ‘against international law’
Merrill Newman held in North Korea. "Maybe I shouldn't have come"
Merry CHRISTmas to all on Free Republic!!
Merry Christmas Chicago: Only 8 More Murders Left in 2013!
Merry Christmas Freepers - Celtic Woman "Amazing Grace"
Merry Christmas From the TSA
Merry Christmas from Chuck Norris and Lockheed
Merry Christmas to FR!
Merry Christmas to My Tea Party Family (+ video)
Merry Christmas! Enjoy it while (and if) you can. Many no longer can.
Merry Christmas, 1913
Merry Christmas, Comrades
Merry Christmas, Pro-Aborts. You've Been Hacked.
Merry Christmas? Detroit's Emergency Manager Weighs Pension-Fund Takeover (20 Cents On The Dollar)
Merry Cruz-mas! Ted Cruz Coloring Book an Amazon Best-Seller
Merry Griftmas from Al Gore
Meryl Streep slams Walt Disney as racist, anti-Semitic
Mesmerizing! Mom downs 72-ounce steak in under 3 minutes (shatters record)
Message from the Political Class: All Your Money Belongs to Us
Message to Moscow? Feds give initial approval for Oregon facility to export natural gas
Message to New Yorkers: If the Governor Kicks You Out, You’re Welcome in Oklahoma
Message to Obama: “You Can’t Shake Hands with a Clenched Fist.”
Message: God Cares
Messages Link Christie's Aides To Bridge Lane Closures (Christie scandal thickens...)
Messages link NJ governor's aide to lane closures
Messaging Isn't the Problem. Obamacare Is.
Metadata = Surveillance
Metairie man gets prison time for extorting professor who committed suicide
Metal Cats: Hardcore Metal Musicians Pose With Their Cats
Meteorite Narrowly Misses Norwegian Skydiver [Video]
Meteorologist: 'We've Forgotten How to Be Cold' (that is because of climate warming...)
Meteorologist: Loud boom that shook the Brainerd lakes area seems consistent with meteor event
Meth Lab Discovered Inside Chamblee Hotel (Georgia)
Methane-spewing microbe blamed in Earth's worst mass extinction
Method of Recording Brain Activity Could Lead to Mind-Reading Devices
Method of controlling a chemically- induced nuclear reaction in metal nanoparticles
Methodists in crisis over gay marriage, church law
Methylphenidate ADHD Medications: Drug Safety Communication - Risk of Long-lasting Erections
Metlife Stadium To Get Heat For The Superbowl
Metro North conductor writes open letter apologizing to customers [What a great guy!]
Mexican Citizens Topple Cartels And Are Rewarded With Government Retaliation
Mexican Cop Killer Executed in Texas Given Hero's Burial in his Hometown (Video)
Mexican Oil And Gas: Christmas Arrives Early
Mexican President Angry at U.S. Deportations of Illegal Aliens
Mexican Soldiers Kill Citizen Militia Members
Mexican archaeologists pinpoint origin of Aztatlan
Mexican billionaire Slim and Protto group, to become main shareholders of New York Times
Mexican bishop rebukes government for crackdown on self-defense groups
Mexican castaway 'getting better' after months adrift in Pacific
Mexican convicted of murder for ramming U.S. Coast Guard officer
Mexican man executed in Texas for killing a police officer is given a hero's
Mexican man executed in Texas for killing a police officer is given a hero's burial in his home town
Mexican pizza
Mexican president 'indignant' at U.S. deportations
Mexican troops to intervene in deadly urban war
Mexican truck with radioactive load stolen
Mexican vigilante gunmen disarm local POLICE so they can rid town of ... drug cartel
Mexican vigilante legalization plan carries risks
Mexican vigilantes disarm local POLICE so they can rid town of feared Knights Templar drug cartel
Mexican who gunned down Houston cop WILL be executed tonight despite last
Mexico City mulls legalizing sale of marijuana
Mexico Finally Allowing Armed Citizens to Legally Fight Back Against Drug Cartels
Mexico Trying to Stop Texas from Executing Illegal Alien Cop Killer — With John Kerry’s Help
Mexico becoming a driving force in auto production
Mexico disarms 1,200 police accused of gang ties
Mexico legalizes vigilantes, nabs cartel leader
Mexico urges vigilantes to stand down in drug gang conflict
Mexico's Sinaloa drug chief arrested (Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman
Mexico: Gang shootings kill 20 in border state
Mexico’s drug cartels are standing in the way of a fracking bonanza
MiG Jets Designer Rostislav Belyakov Dies at 94
MiG-29s May Be Part of Egyptian Arms Deal
MiG-31: A fighter ahead of its time
Mia and Ronan Farrow Slam Golden Globes' Woody Allen Tribute Via Twitter
Miami "journalists" are SILENT on Al Sharpton Mafia-FBI Revelations...Where else?
Miami Among Cities Interested in Hosting 2016 Democratic National Convention
Miami Beach Cop Blames "Sexual Aid Cream" for Firing
Miami Bitcoin Conference Day 1: Crime, Krugman, and BitLicenses
Miami Bitcoin Conference Day 2: Litecoin, New Coins and Regulatory Risks
Miami Man, 73, Burned Trailer Home Because Occupants Were Lesbians: Police
Miami police officers hold protest over cuts [Can't figure out why $$ has been short since 2009]
Miami woman charged with role in animal torture sex fetish porn video
Miami-Dade Police Officer Told Florida Highway Patrol ("Stick Together" Before DUI Arrest)
Miami-Dade School Board opposes Legislature’s proposal to allow armed staffers
Mic'd Up "Pink Money and the Homosexual Mafia"
Mich. College Offers Course in Zombies, Apocalypse
Mich. Hospital Cites Obamacare for Recent Job Cuts: ‘We Had No Choice’
Mich. Woman Gets Prison for False Rape Report
Mich. governor says Washington dragging feet on key part of U.S.-Canada bridge
Mich. lawmaker wants to yank driver’s licenses for truant teens
Michael Behenna is free, but so is Ali Musa Daqduq: The world is upside down
Michael Behenna wins parole
Michael Bloomberg Demands Action
Michael Bloomberg, Gun Control And Fabricated Numbers
Michael Bloomberg: Amnesty Needed to Prevent 'National Suicide'
Michael Che Stand Up
Michael Coren on Popes who condemn “unfettered” capitalism
Michael Dunn trial: Jury reaches verdict on four of five counts
Michael Dunn trial: Man accused of shooting teen over music
Michael E Mann "Sloppy and Unethical"
Michael Farris and the John Birch Society Square off in Oklahoma (Article V)
Michael Grimm Threatens Reporter During Interview
Michael Harris: "The Making of A Genuine Sell Out Negro" (Jesse Jackson)
Michael Lewis, 'Flash Boys,' and '60 Minutes'
Michael Mann Faces Bankruptcy as his Courtroom Climate Capers Collapse
Michael Mann’s legal case caught in a quote fabrication fib
Michael Medved's Top Ten Movies of 2013.
Michael Moore: 'ObamaCare Is Awful'
Michael Moore: General Motors 'criminals' deserve death
Michael Moore: The Obamacare We Deserve
Michael Moore: “ObamaCare is Awful,” Yet “A Godsend”
Michael Morell: No cover-up on Benghazi
Michael Reagan: Rand Paul “gets” my dad
Michael Reagan: Shut Up Tea Party, Your Candidates Are Kooks
Michael Ross: Was Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 headed for Asia’s Twin Towers?
Michael Sam Sr. troubled by news (about his son)
Michael Sam tweets his support for Jason Collins, who signs with Nets
Michael Sam unimpressive at NFL Scouting Combine, struggles in 40-yard dash and weight room
Michael Sam, Missouri Star And NFL Prospect, Announces He’s Gay
Michael Sam: Combine Results and Instant Reaction
Michael Savage Boasts of Trouncing Rival Hannity in Major Markets: [Hannity is] a ‘Republican Hack’
Michael Savage, Sean Hannity dial up radio feud
Michael Savage: SEALs 'executed' or 'moron responsible' (...somebody should go to prison for this)
Michael Schumacher, former F1 champion, critical after ski fall
Michael Shrimpton - Obama born in Mombasa Kenya
Michael Smerconish | Nightmare on health site
Michael Voris: Burke Out, Wuerl In
Michaels warns of possible payment card breach
Michele Bachman Under Fire For Saying America is Not Ready For Female President
Michele Bachmann as William F. Buckley’s spawn: How right-wing media spiraled out of control
Michele Bachmann: Minnesota Democrats need to keep their Obamacare promises
Michele Bachmann: Undeterred and Undiminished
Michele Dunne Biased To Terrorism And Contempt Egyptians Free Will
Michell Obama's No Child’s Fat Behind: Mission Accomplished (Results May Not Be Typical...)
Michelle Bachelet easily regains Chile presidency
Michelle Kwan caught in food fight over Obama’s Fitness Council
Michelle Malkin girds for 2014 GOP civil war
Michelle Malkin: Put aside the pot jokes and look again at Colorado legalization
Michelle Nunn’s Gun Problem
Michelle Obama Busts a Move With Giant Dancing Vegetables [Who Let The Dogs Out?]
Michelle Obama Fires the White House Pastry Chef "Dessert is Not a Right!"
Michelle Obama Lays Down A Healthy Foods Rap
Michelle Obama Looks to Ease Mistrust on China Trip
Michelle Obama Photobombs Miami Heat
Michelle Obama Recalls Surviving American Death Camps
Michelle Obama Says Colleges Must Serve the Under-Served: “Just Look at Me’
Michelle Obama Steals Spotlight in Marchesa Gown at Kennedy Center Honors
Michelle Obama Talks Obamacare, Let’s Move! w/Jimmy Fallon (“young people are knuckleheads”)
Michelle Obama Tweets (on Michael Sam)
Michelle Obama Twerks With the “Girls,”: "Yo, babe...hook me up!"
Michelle Obama Visits Miami To Promote Fitness
Michelle Obama Wants You to Cook at Home
Michelle Obama and Amy Poehler Played Mini-Golf With Kids Together
Michelle Obama and family take another taxpayer-funded trip
Michelle Obama at 50,a milestone nears, first lady cuts her own path, gets high marks from public
Michelle Obama chats with kids across North America on Christmas Eve [Media Worship]
Michelle Obama chooses Carolina Herrera for state dinner dress
Michelle Obama crashes at Oprah's Hawaii pad
Michelle Obama expected to visit Miami clinic this week [Promoting OBAMACARE this time]
Michelle Obama flexes policy muscle
Michelle Obama has some advice for Justin Bieber's mom
Michelle Obama helps kids track Santa by phone (Reggie Love joins Barry in Hawaii)
Michelle Obama is the "knucklehead" for her comment to youth about Obamacare
Michelle Obama lets it slip that she's getting Barack gym clothes for Christmas
Michelle Obama meets...Mandela...after she's snubbed by the polygamous President of South Africa
Michelle Obama never got her chance to death stare the Danish Prime Minister until now...
Michelle Obama on her 50th birthday: My message to women is be healthy
Michelle Obama plans pricey trip to China as the First Family is criticized for spending hundreds of
Michelle Obama plans pricey trip to China as the First Family is criticized for spending..."
Michelle Obama plans pricey trip to China-First Family spending hundreds of millions traveling
Michelle Obama promotes health insurance in Fla.
Michelle Obama promotes plan for food label overhaul
Michelle Obama says Barack's "home country" is Kenya
Michelle Obama says internet access should be 'universal right'
Michelle Obama says young people need Obamacare in case they “slip at a club” or “cut a finger”
Michelle Obama set for China visit focusing on education
Michelle Obama skipping and folk dancing during China visit
Michelle Obama spending extended vacation at Oprah’s Maui home
Michelle Obama sticks it to us again
Michelle Obama takes up tai chi as turmoil in her office is revealed
Michelle Obama to Hollywood actor: ‘B**ch, where’s my money?’
Michelle Obama to Sharpton: Obamacare Benefits Get Lost in Political ‘Back and Forth’
Michelle Obama to appear on "Parks and Recreation"
Michelle Obama to mark 50th birthday on Friday
Michelle Obama underscores the importance of global education and beams into Stanford from Beijing
Michelle Obama urges donors to write 'a big, fat check' for 2014
Michelle Obama urges students to seek taxpayer money
Michelle Obama vows to help ‘confused and bewildered’ moms shop for groceries
Michelle Obama wants $10 donations to 'help protect Obamacare'
Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move!' takes over annual Easter Egg Roll --- again
Michelle Obama's 'Let's Move' 'Focus Group' Features Will Ferrell
Michelle Obama's 50th: 'Such a fun, fun party' (Parties past 3 a.m. w/ Beyoncé, McCartney, etc.)
Michelle Obama's Office Takes Credit for Nation 'Moving Towards a New, Healthier Norm'
Michelle Obama's death stare isn't just for Barack, you should see what she's got for Santa...
Michelle Obama, Daughters Make Stylish Arrival in China, Promote Family Time
Michelle Obama: 'Make It a Christmas Treat' to Talk About Health Insurance
Michelle Obama: 'Young People Are Knuckleheads,' Which Is Why They Need Obamacare "
Michelle Obama: 'Young people are knuckleheads'
Michelle Obama: America's Moms Are 'Confused and Bewildered,' 'Defeated' by Grocery Shopping
Michelle Obama: Barack And I Welcome Criticism From The Media
Michelle Obama: Big Fan of 'Politically Savvy' Jane Fonda
Michelle Obama: Hanoi Jane's My Role Model and that she admires her political savviness.
Michelle Obama: It's very rare that I have the chance to travel outside of the United States
Michelle Obama: Jane Fonda a 'politically-savvy' role model
Michelle Obama’s Eyebrow Re-Vitamization Secret
Michelle Obama’s hotel in China was deemed too expensive for Joe Biden
Michelle Obama’s ‘Let’s Move’ campaign fails miserably
Michelle Obama’s “Success” In Reducing Childhood Obesity Never Happened
Michelle Recalls Surviving American Death Camps
Michelle knows best: Kids ‘owe’ it to their moms to enroll in Obamacare
Michelle's Diary 12-23-12
Michelle's Hard-Knock Life Story Comes to China
Michelle's gift to America...discuss ObamaCare on Christmas Day
Michelle: 'There Were Actually Laws in America that Allowed Discrimination Against Black People
Michelle: 'There Were Laws in America that Allowed Discrimination Against Black People Like Me'
Michelle’s dogs apparently dine on china and crystal
Michigan 2013 In Review: Worker Freedom, Medicaid Expansion Took Center Stage
Michigan Among the Leaders In Job Growth
Michigan Assessors On the Path To Raise Property Taxes
Michigan Auto Jobs On the Rebound Thanks to 'Leaner and Meaner' Manufacturers
Michigan Cancer Patient Who Warned ‘I Will Die’ Because Obamacare in Political Firestorm
Michigan Democrat Rep. Gary Peters threatens TV station licenses over Obamacare ad
Michigan Gov. Repeals Ban on Short-Barreled Rifles
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder urges caution as state monitors extreme weather
Michigan Insurance Companies: It's Too Late To Reinstate Old Health Care Plans
Michigan Legislators Missed More Than 1,000 Votes in 2013
Michigan Man Charged With Felony After Exceeding Public Comment Time Limit (so much for free speech)
Michigan Miscellany (Rand Paul Polling First In Michigan)
Michigan Needs Better Forfeiture Laws
Michigan Right to Work: 8,000 Teachers Refusing to Pay Union Dues
Michigan Schools Promoting Large Number Of Students Who Cannot Read
Michigan State should end union organizing seminars, say anti-union lawmakers and builders
Michigan Students Protest Libs
Michigan Supreme Court bans Detroit Judge Wade McCree Jr. from bench until 2021
Michigan Taxpayers Have Already Bailed Out Detroit - Again and again and again
Michigan Taxpayers Paying Far More Money For Far Fewer State Workers
Michigan Union Invokes Slavery in Argument Against Right-to-Work Law
Michigan Woman Dead for Six Years Found Only After Money Runs Out
Michigan black student union: ‘physical action’ if seven demands not met in one week
Michigan campaign finance violation draws near-record fine for union's actions in 2012 election
Michigan dad of sextuplets dies of heart attack after setting up a trampoline for kids
Michigan joins states banning abortion in Obamacare plans
Michigan lawmakers call for U.S. Constitution balanced budget amendment
Michigan teachers union demands $10K severance pay for child molester teacher
Michigan to end Ban on Some Rifles and Shotguns
Michigan won't recognize same-sex marriages
Michigan's 1st gay marriage license issued
Michigan's Black Student Union delivers ultimatum: 'physical action' if school doesn't meet demands
Michigan's Film Incentive Program Has Been A Bust
Michigan's John Dingell to Retire After Nearly 60 Years in House
Michigan, Upper Midwest Potentially Dangerous Weather
Michigan: Iranian Sanaz Nezami Savagely Beaten By Islamic Husband – Family Watches Death Online
Michigan: Protecting Taxpayers From Unfair Audits
Michigan’s Baby Bust Will Hurt Taxpayers if Schools Don’t Cut Back
Michigan’s Renewable Energy Mandate Causing Harm, Probably Unconstitutional
Michigan’s gay marriage ban going to trial
Mickey Rooney’s Greatest Roles: Patriot and Man of Faith
Mickey the Pit Bull Won’t Be Killed After Mauling 4-year-old
Micro-Apartments Could Be Hazardous to Your Mental Health
Microaggression: Never heard of it? You may be guilty of it.
Microsoft Board names Satya Nadella as CEO
Microsoft Contra Malthus
Microsoft Fan Says: 'Windows 8 Is A Disaster In Every Sense Of The Word'
Microsoft Quietly Fixes Windows XP Resource Hog Problem
Microsoft Security Essentials misses 39% of malware in Dennis test
Microsoft Sells 200 Million Win 8 Licenses: Yawn
Microsoft Windows 9 slated for April 2015 release
Microsoft adopts Mantle but calls it DX12
Microsoft bets on Windows XP disaster
Microsoft claims to have seen "record sales of Windows Phone this holiday"
Microsoft experimenting with free version of Windows 8.1
Microsoft issues final Windows XP, Office 2003 patches (That's all folks!)
Microsoft might unveil Windows 9 in April to end Windows 8 woes
Microsoft offers Windows XP users $100 to upgrade
Microsoft offers users $100 credit on a new PC to switch from XP
Microsoft releases MS-DOS 2.0 Source Code
Microsoft second-quarter results exceed expectations; Xbox One, Surface sales strong; Revenue up 14%
Microsoft, Apple, Google, Facebook call for NSA muzzle - the privacy rights of the public.
Microsoft’s Windows 8 and 8.1 Gained Ground, And Overall Sales Forecast Looks Good
Mid-East Prophecy Update - December 15th, 2013 (Dispensational Caucus)
Mid-East Prophecy Update - December 8th, 2013 (Dispensational Caucus)
Mid-East Prophecy Update - January 12th, 2014 (Dispensational Caucus)
Middle East Memorial
Middle Eastern Virus More Widespread Than Thought
Middle School Under Fire for Classroom Poster Listing Sex Acts
Middle school student accused of hate crime
Middle school teacher killed in Greenville (SC) hotel explosion
Middle-Class Heroes? The GOP is often too cozy with Big Business.
Middle-Class Heroes? To take on Big Business, the GOP needs more than rhetoric.
Middle-earth as the Middle East
Midland state senator announces run for U.S. Rep Dave Camp's seat
Midshipman in Naval Academy sex case not guilty
Migrants Seek to Enter US in San Diego Protest
Migrants must pay £2,000 'advance' before they can enter Britain.
Mika Demands: Stick To Christie Bridge Scandal, No Obama/IRS-Benghazi 'Distractions'
Mika On 'Church Revival' Equal Pay Event—When Obama Spoke You'd Hear Almost Like 'Praise Jesus'
Mika Recruits Rattner To 'Root' For Elizabeth Warren
Mika Snaps Selfie As 'Morning Joe' Laughs Off Obama's
Mika a One-Woman Walking Commercial For Moribund 'Meet The Press'
Mika: 'We Know Chris Christie And We Know He Would Have Known'
Mika: Gender Pay Gap 'Far Worse' Than 77%
Mika: Millenials Join Military 'If They Need The Money'
Mika: Republicans Who Mention Monica Are Sexist
Mika: Republicans Who Mention Monica Are Sexist 'Little Peanuts'
Mike Enzi should still be replaced! (76% conservative average)
Mike Gallagher asks old and tire question about illegals
Mike Huckabee And Nikki Haley Do The “Lindsey Graham Shuffle”
Mike Huckabee On The War On Women
Mike Huckabee backtracks from support of Lindsey Graham in South Carolina senate race
Mike Huckabee eyes 2016 presidential bid; pastors press him to run
Mike Huckabee looking at 'trend of support' to make 2016 decision
Mike Huckabee to Common Core Creators: Rebrand, Don't Retreat
Mike Huckabee wants to ban the term 'RINO'
Mike Huckabee was for a Contraception Mandate Before he was Against It - See more at:
Mike Huckabee, Everybody (just read the final paragraph!
Mike Huckabee: Isn’t it time we retire the term “RINO”?
Mike Huckabee: Nothing Says Conservative Like Lindsey Graham
Mike Huckabee: Outlaw Use of 'RINO'
Mike Huckabee’s Maurice Clemmons problem
Mike Lee authors bill to prevent Obama from pushing churches to support gay marriage
Mike Lee endorses Ben Sasse in Nebraska GOP Senate primary (Take that, Mitch!!)
Mike Lee photo depicts a nation of federal regulations
Mike McCaul: Let soldiers "carry" on base
Mike McCaul: Let soldiers ‘carry’ on base (Ref: Ft Hood & Navy Yard massacres)
Mike Pettine explains his daughter’s unexcited tweet about him being Browns coach
Mike Rowe’s Response to Facebook Comments on Walmart Commercial Voiceover
Mike Shanahan tried to stick with Robert Griffin III, and might have lost him instead
Mike Shanahan was reportedly ready to quit because of Daniel Snyder’s favoritism
Mike Thomas (GOP-E) Snuffing Out Conservative Votes with the Help of Democrats
Mike Tomlin fined $100K; NFL could still punish Steelers with draft pick penalty
Mike Tyson Explores Kierkegaard
Mike Tyson: ‘Dennis Rodman Is Guilty Of Treason’
Milbank, O’Reilly, Fox News and Disrespecting Presidents Today
Mile marker 420 becomes 419.99 to thwart thieves (on I-70 in Colorado)
Miley Cyrus Tour Bus Goes Up in Flames
Miley Cyrus, Katy Perry kiss during Los Angeles ‘Bangerz’ concert
Miley the Cat Keeps Ailing Veterans Company [w/pix]
Milford crowd confronts Malloy on gun laws, wage increase
Miliband to blame for Ukraine crisis, say Tories
Militant Islamist Website Calls for Attacks on France and Hollande
Militant ambush kills 12 of polio workers escort in Pakistan
Militants Down Egyptian Helicopter, Killing 5 Soldiers
Militants change strategy for targeting government officials in Pakistan
Military Cuts Render NATO Less Formidable as Deterrent to Russia
Military Ethics Lapses
Military Google Glass Will Help Soldiers See Over Mountains
Military Photo of the Day
Military Retirement Cuts: Prelude To Coming Social Security Changes
Military Service Initiative
Military Spending to be Gutted Under Obama and Hagel
Military Women: We Got Fired for Being Raped
Military acquires submarine-launched Harpoon missiles
Military brass behaving badly
Military cuts mean 'no US partnership', Robert Gates warns Britain
Military disabled, retirees take hit under budget deal nearing passage in U.S. Senate
Military dog captured by Taliban fighters, who post video of their captive
Military now eligible for expedited screening at airports
Military officer calls for nationwide gun-grab
Military recruiters challenged to fill smaller, specialized force
Military retirees 'screwed' in budget deal
Military retirees outraged Congress voting to trim pensions
Military retirees: You betrayed us, Congress
Military retracts Guantánamo PTSD claim
Military “Relaxing” Uniform Regulations Because Feelings
Military: Marine to be retried for Iraq murder (Hamdania)
MilitaryConnection.com -Jobs Sources, Military Loans, Career Guidance For the Military Vet
Military’s top general offers grim outlook on nation’s defense
Militiamen make their presence felt in protest of BLM’s livestock grab
Militias head to Nevada rancher’s standoff with feds: We’re not ‘afraid to shoot’
Milk Could Go Up 60 Cents a Gallon (Put the blame right on cheese)
Millenial's Music Taste (vanity). Whats wrong with your generation?
Millennial Communists
Millennial Madness: Why America’s Youth Don’t Want Obamacare
Millennial generation less religious, more liberal than older ones
Millennials Abandon Obama and Obamacare
Millennials Are Ditching Their Television Sets, Shifting To Mobile To Watch TV Shows
Millennials Are Tiring of Liberal Failures: Conservatives can offer real solutions to the young
Millennials Choose the Path of Least Resistance
Millennials Finally Turn Against Obama, Want Recall
Millennials Jump Ship over Obamacare Bait and Switch
Millennials Playing the Confidence Game
Millennials Unhappy With Obama's War on the Young
Millennials discover the reality of liberal government
Millennials hit 30: It's the economy, not us (Obamas world)
Millennials: Obamacare for Thee, But Not for Me
Miller: Dick Heller challenges D.C.’s gun registration scheme, files for quick ruling in Heller II
Million Dollar Ideas: This energy bar gets its kick from ... crickets
Million jars of peanut butter dumped in New Mexico
Millionaire Congresswoman: Income Inequality is ‘Existential Threat’ to U.S. (Rosa DeLauro)
Millionaire Obama: I Hate Income Inequality President readies populist push despite personal
Millionaire Preppy Howard Dean Wants To Level Playing Field Between The 1% and Rest Of 'Us'
Millionaire gay couple is suing to force a church to hold their wedding
Millions Of Patients 'Unable To See GPs' (Great Britain...Obamacare's future?)
Millions Trapped in Health-Law Coverage Gap
Millions and Millions of Stolen Credentials Just Waiting to Be Bought Online
Millions could go off blood pressure meds
Millions flock to HealthCare.gov as deadline approaches
Millions flock to Rio de Janeiro to celebrate New Year
Millions of Americans aren't working. Why? (Real Headline!)
Millions of Dollars in Phony $100 Bills Flooding the Big Apple
Millions of Dollars in Phony $100 Bllls Flooding the Big Apple
Millions of kids to test Common Core assessments
Millitary Photo of the Day
Millstones & Macquarie Grammar School (Austrailia)
Milton Friedman on "Equality" (a single minute of absolute brilliance to rebut the liberals)
Milwaukee Ald. Jim Bohl under investigation for suspected coercion
Milwaukee man gets 9 months in jail for voting twice in 2012 election
Milwaukee mom scolds daughter publicly over Facebook page
Milwaukee tries to save some cheddar with pilot program to use cheese to de-ice roads
Mind the Gender Gap in Politics
Mind-Blowing, Life-Saving Research
Mind-Boggling Complexity in the Fruit Fly Transcriptome
Minding the Minders of G.M.
Minimum Wage Activist: I Want $15 per Hour so I Don’t Have to Work so Much
Minimum Wage Bills Pushed in at Least 30 States
Minimum Wage Boost Wins Senate And House Approval(CT raises min. wage to $10.10)
Minimum Wage Chickenhawks, Part II
Minimum Wage Drumbeat Grows Louder
Minimum Wage Earners: Many Still Live at Home
Minimum Wage Hike Support Falls On CBO Jobs Warning
Minimum Wage Infographics
Minimum Wage Laws: Sabotaging the Ladder of Economic Opportunity
Minimum Wage Prospects Dim, Despite Protests [Dems urge Obama to work without them, use EO]
Minimum Wage: All Jacked Up
Minimum Wage: Do the Math
Minimum Wages: Few Benefits, Many Consequences
Minimum wage and reality in Canada
Minimum wage boost will aid poor
Minimum wage has racist origin
Minimum wage hike could cost 500,000 jobs: CBO
Minimum wage talk has university officials concerned
Minimum wage to jump to £6.50 an hour, the first inflation-busting rise in five years…(UK)
Minimum wage to rise in 13 states on Jan. 1
Minions Mourn the Death of Colonel Meow
Minister Katz: Support Settlement with Acts, Not Words
Minister Says Kerry is a ‘Biased Intermediary’ (Israel’s communication minister)
Minister Takes Teenage Girl to Abortion Clinic, But Pro-Lifers Change Their Minds
Minister's bizarre tip in battle to tackle climate change (cut back on eating baked beans)
Minister, 92, sues Salisbury Police officer who tackled him to the floor
Ministers Approve Jordan Valley Annexation
Ministers Form National Task Force to Repeal ‘Stand Your Ground’ Laws
Ministry of Endowment to unify Friday prayer speeches in all Egyptian mosques
Ministry: China to Double Oil, Gas Production by 2030
Minn. Police Tackle NFL's Gun Policy
Minn. teen gets 10 years for fatal "knock-out game" punch
Minneapolis congregation fosters sun worship of a different sort
Minneapolis homeowner shot after answering knock at door for help
Minneapolis mayoral candidate mugged for iPhone at Mall of America, charges say
Minnesota Bill Would Ban Abortions After 20 Weeks on Babies Who Feel Pain
Minnesota Dems Laugh When Asked Why Obamacare Doesn’t Save Families Money
Minnesota GOP State Representative Pens Racist Tweet About NBA Players
Minnesota Mystery: What’s Killing the Moose?
Minnesota Senate approves anti-bullying bill
Minnesota angler pleads guilty, loses potential world-record lake trout
Minnesota cops sue NFL over gun ban
Minnesota lawmakers OK raising minimum wage to $9.50 an hour
Minnesota man claims win over National Security Agency
Minnesota takes lead into NCAA wrestling finals [Finals tonight 8PM espn]
Minnesota teen brothers' handmade jigs catching on
Minnesota teen wins settlement after school takes Facebook password
Minnesota to update how it calculates energy costs
Minnesota: St. Paul Police Dept bows down, approves police-issued hijab
Minnesota: Three Dems try to explain Obamacare, one succeeds
Minnesota: Your Immediate Action Needed to Stop Suppression of Political Speech, Anti-Gun Language
Minnesota’s Becoming An Outdoors Woman Program Turns 20
Minnie Driver Coins Latest Bizarre Celeb Diet: I Will Only Eat Animals That I Hate
Minorities disproportionately represented in health care 'coverage gap'
Mint 1969 Shelby GT500 found under 40 years of dust
Mintspare Will Pay Bitcoin For Your Old Electronics
Miraculous Healing in Jesus Stuns Israelis
Miranda Barbour: Two men escaped with lives
Miranda Lambert: Just Beautiful
Mired in Fearpolitik: North Korea in 2014
Mirror, Mirror on the wall...
Mirror, Mirror, on the Wall, Which Nation Has Increased Welfare Spending the Fastest of All?
Mirror, Mirror, on the Wall, Which Nations Maintain the Rule of Law Best of All?
Misleading Commercial on Electric Rates
Mismanagement Often to Blame for School District Financial Troubles
Misogyny, racism and homophobia: where do video games stand?
Misplaced Compassion For Blind Sheik Lawyer Lynne Stewart
Misreading China: The Harm of Ignoring Human Rights
Misreading Putin, and history
Miss Israel 2014 - Fat Girl Loses 65 Lbs, Wins Pageant (Vanity)
Miss me?
Miss. Anchor Says He's Sick Of LGBT News, Tells Activists To Go On 'Gaycation'
Miss. lawmakers feel pressure over religion bill
Miss. man wakes up in body bag at funeral home
Missile defense buster: China tests new hypersonic glide vehicle
Missile defense expert warns of growing strategic threat
Missing Airplane Flew On for Hours
Missing American in Iran Was on Unapproved CIA Mission
Missing Brookline teen Caleb Jacoby found safe, police say
Missing Cat Lived in Pastry Factory for 3 Years
Missing Flight MH370: Terror Threat Made Against Beijing Airport Before Jet's Disappearance
Missing For 112 Years, First Porsche Is Found In Warehouse
Missing Kent K-9 Officer Found Sleeping in Yard
Missing MAS flight: Captain piloting MH370 a Penang boy
Missing MAS flight: Debris near Tho Chu Island not from MH370, says DCA
Missing MAS flight: Duo used stolen passports to buy tickets together
Missing MAS flight: Imposters captured on CCTV, DCA chief confirms
Missing MH370 Baffles Local Aviation Experts
Missing MH370: Aircraft Can Still Be Found
Missing MH370: Britain's Air Accident Investigation Team Arrives
Missing MH370: Capt Zaharie Life Member of PKR
Missing MH370: Don't Read Too Much Into Ringing Phones
Missing MH370: Enthusiasm in Vietnam Wanes as Search for Plane Moves Elsewhere
Missing MH370: Expert Needed to Disable B777 Systems
Missing MH370: Fariq Planned to Marry AirAsia Pilot
Missing MH370: Final 54 Minutes of Communication “Perfectly Routine”, Say Analysts
Missing MH370: Hijacking Not True, Lead Investigator
Missing MH370: India Scours Jungle Islands for Lost Plane
Missing MH370: Investigators Conclude Plane Was Hijacked, AP Reports
Missing MH370: Kelantan duo report seeing lights 'falling' at high speed
Missing MH370: Military Radars Didn't Pick Up Plane, Maldivian National Defence Force Says
Missing MH370: Pet Fish Pines for Missing Owner's Return
Missing MH370: Photo of Obama Watching Bomoh Video Fake
Missing MH370: Pilot Received Call From Mystery Woman Before Take-Off, Says Report
Missing MH370: Pilots Did Not Ask to Fly Together
Missing MH370: Plane Believed to Have Flown Into Southern Indian Ocean
Missing MH370: Police Search Homes of Pilots
Missing MH370: Query Over Pilot’s Flight Simulator
Missing MH370: Search Extended Up to Kazakhstan, Down to Indian Ocean
Missing MH370: Seismic Activity Detected After Plane Went Off Radar
Missing MH370: There’s Still Hope, Says Hisham
Missing MH370: Transponder May Have Been Shut Down Deliberately, Say Experts
Missing MH370: US Navy to Deploy P-8A Poseidon Aircraft for Search Mission
Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370
Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: Iranian Middleman Asked Thai Agent to Book Tickets ...
Missing Malaysia Airlines Jet: Man with Stolen Passport Identified
Missing Malaysia Airlines Plane: What We Know Now
Missing Malaysia Airlines flight systems disabled, PM says
Missing Malaysia Airlines flight: ... one of 227 passengers 'was using STOLEN passport'
Missing Malaysia Airlines plane: Family of Chinese passenger says mobile phone working
Missing Malaysia Airlines plane: Interpol says it's 'examining additional suspect passports'
Missing Malaysia Jet Adds Fuel to 'Live Black Box' Debate
Missing Malaysia airliner: Hunt for clues begins
Missing Malaysian jet MH370: New French satellite images add to growing signs search is narrowing
Missing Plane’s Co-Pilot Invited Women Into Cockpit During Flight 2 Years Ago
Missing Plane’s Path Seen as Altered via Flight Computer
Missing South Georgia banker arrested. (Aubrey Lee Price)
Missing Teen, Caleb Jacoby, found safe.
Missing airliner may have flown on for 7 hours
Missing boy found after five days on his own in New York City
Missing jet WAS carrying highly flammable lithium batteries: CEO of Malaysian Airlines
Missing plane highlights Phuket's stolen passport trade
Missing plane sent signals to satellite for hours
Missing plane similar to Lockerbie bomb tragedy: official
Missing teen Caleb Jacoby, son of Boston Globe columnist Jeff Jacoby, found safe in New York
Mission almost accomplished-ish: White House says ObamaCare has reached six million sign-ups
Mission family goes after teenage daughter's boyfriend with weapons
Mississippi Bloodbath: Open Warfare Breaks out in Tea Party vs. Barbour, Cochran
Mississippi Challenger Gains on Thad Cochran in Fundraising
Mississippi Flag Has OC Bar Association Burning
Mississippi Lawmakers Approve Religious Freedom Bill SB 2681, Gov. Phil Bryant Will Sign
Mississippi Legislature Passes Ban on Abortions After 20 Weeks
Mississippi Proposed Bill Publishes Name and Social Security Number of Gun Owner
Mississippi Proposed Bill Publishes Name and Social Security Number of Gun Owners
Mississippi Republican Senator Cochran to seek seventh term
Mississippi Senate Committee OKs Ban on Abortions After 20 Weeks
Mississippi Senate challenger heading to Kentucky to boost Matt Bevin
Mississippi Senate race attracting big money
Mississippi Tea Party Darling Bragged About His 'Mamacita' Outreach
Mississippi governor to sign bill banning abortion at 20 weeks
Mississippi legislature votes to give attorney general his own “strike forces”
Mississippi man declared dead wakes up in body bag
Mississippi toss-up: Cochran v. McDaniel tied at 40% in Human Events/Gravis poll
Mississippi's Flag: The Issue May Be Coming to a Head Again
Missouri Bar Gets Cease-And-Desist Order From Starbucks
Missouri Bill Mandates Parents Report Gun Ownership to School Their Child Attends
Missouri Dems’ thin bench
Missouri Executes Man in '89 Rape, Killing of Teen
Missouri Governor Vetoes Income Tax Cut in Favor of Tax Break for Corporation
Missouri School District Hit With $150,000 Bill for Obamacare
Missouri Senate passes tax incentives for Boeing
Missouri State Considers Banning Nerf Guns After Campus Lockdown
Missouri Teacher Tearfully Describes Bullying She Suffered for Opposing Common Core (Video)
Missouri bill would gut Obamacare
Missouri executes Michael Taylor for '89 rape, killing of Ann Harrison, 15
Missouri gun murders 'rose after law repeal' (incoming hurl alert)
Missouri lawmakers to consider raising speed limit
Missouri man accused of rape avoids felony
Missouri rule on track to hike ethanol blend in gasoline
Missouri students block Westboro Baptist protest of Michael Sam
Missouri sues California over chicken regulations
Missouri's Michael Sam On Path to be 1st Openly Gay NFL Player
Missouri's Michael Sam declines White House dinner invite
Missouri’s Michael Sam appears on the cover of Sports Illustrated
Mistral manufacturers in France hint that anti-Russian sanctions undesirable (Could Bankrupt NCNS)
Mistrust Between U.S., Malaysia Strains Probe
Mistrust overshadows Obama's Saudi trip
Mitch Albom: Doing Right While Being So Wrong
Mitch Ditched: 10 Polls Show McConnell Tied or Trailing Democrat Alison Grimes
Mitch Leigh, ‘Man of La Mancha’ Composer, Dies at 86
Mitch McConnell Embroiled in Tight Senate Race in Kentucky
Mitch McConnell Exposed (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
Mitch McConnell Freaks Out and Calls The Police on Reporter Who He Feared Questions From
Mitch McConnell Gives His Side of the Story
Mitch McConnell Hits the Panic Button (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
Mitch McConnell Lost March Madness, Miserably
Mitch McConnell Should Admit Recommending Liberal Judge John Heyburn Was A Mistake
Mitch McConnell and John Boehner
Mitch McConnell and John Cornyn Save America, Vote to Raise Debt Limit
Mitch McConnell and NRSC to Host D.C. Fundraiser for ObamaCare Sympathizer Thom Tillis
Mitch McConnell at CPAC: If you give me a Republican majority in the Senate, I won’t let you down
Mitch McConnell claims to be conservative in new ad
Mitch McConnell could lose his primary
Mitch McConnell is fending off the upstarts
Mitch McConnell on debt ceiling: I ‘protect’ the country
Mitch McConnell to TEA Partiers: Bow before ZOD
Mitch McConnell to headline fundraiser for NC Senate candidate Thom Tillis
Mitch McConnell wants to punch conservatives in the face, new attack ad says (watch video!)
Mitch McConnell: 'I'm a Big Fan of Tea Party'
Mitch McConnell: 'We're Going to Crush Tea Party Everywhere' in Primaries
Mitch McConnell: IMF part halts Ukraine bill (McConnell undermines Cruz, then takes his position)
Mitch McConnell: Immigration issue is an ‘irresolvable conflict’ in 2014 (Cornyn comment!)
Mitch McConnell: Senate Conservatives Fund ‘counterproductive’
Mitch McConnell’s Campaign Stumbles on Easy Steps
Mitch McConnell’s Silence on Bad Budget Deal is Deafening
Mitch McConnell’s challenger explains what is at stake in this election
Mitch McConnell’s lead drops big, Seen as less Conservative than when first elected
Mitch McConnell’s new ad mistakenly celebrates Duke instead of Kentucky
Mitch ‘The Magician’ McConnell
Mitchell & Webb Nazis (Late night English comedy video)
Mitch’s Disciples Attacking Republicans for Not Supporting Obama’s Amnesty
Mitt Romney Accepts MHP's Apology: We Hold No Ill Will Whatsoever
Mitt Romney Is the 2016 Republican Front-Runner
Mitt Romney Is the 2016 Republican Frontrunner (NH)
Mitt Romney backs Joni Ernst in Iowa Senate race
Mix-up sends gift from Obamas to woman in Wadsworth
Mixed Reports on State Health Exchange[NY]
Mkombozi the stray dog saved the life of a newborn baby
Moapa Valley Town Board Meeting regarding Cliven Bundy
Mob Attack On Family Caught On Camera
Mob Attacks More Than a Dozen Gay Men in Nigeria’s Capital
Mob boss Vito Rizzuto laid to rest
Mob of teens caught on tape ransacking convenience store in 20 minute spree before
Mobile phones powered by WIND TURBINES: 'Micro-windmills' could be fitted to our phones
Mobs of ( ) teens terrorize downtown Louisville.
Mobs of teens terrorize downtown Louisville (video)
Moby Grape - Miller's Blues (Live)
Model Sues Playboy, Morning Show Host For Hitting Her In Butt With Golf Club
Model for conservative Activism in S. Oregon
Moderate Muslims Threaten Elementary School Teachers with Death for Not Wearing Burka
Moderate Pennsylvania GOP Rep. Gerlach to retire
Moderate Republicans team up with labor unions to defeat the tea party in 2014
Modern Family?
Modern Journalism: We Report, We Decide
Modern Language Association’s fascist d**chebags outlaw The Daily Caller from convention
Modern church reflects traditional values [Catholic Caucus]
Modern day basic math: Why are they making it harder? (Video)
Modernity Means More Stuff: Reviewing massive material flows that make the modern world possible
Modi Rise
Moguls Rent South Dakota Addresses to Dodge Taxes Forever
Mohamed Mursi Threatens Egypt By Foreign Countries Interference To Prevent The Spying Trial
Mohammad Said Jesus Was a White Man… Will the Left Condemn Mohammad, Too? (Video)
Moisture Sealing An Unfinished Concrete Floor - Advice Please!
Molon Labe: Connecticut’s Terrifying Start Of Gun Confiscation
Mom Carries Out Dying Son’s Last Wishes, Asks Public To Mail Birthday Cards
Mom Expecting Identical Triplets Gets Surprise When Doctor Shouts, “More Feet!”
Mom Grateful for Stranger Who Paid for Family Groceries: 'You Didn't Judge'
Mom Jailed for Breastfeeding While Drinking, Waitress Fired Over It
Mom Punched While Walking with Young Daughter in Midwood, Police Say
Mom With Cancer Dies After Incredibly Selfless Act to Protect the Life of Her Unborn Baby Girl
Mom arrested for neglect for leaving kids in car to go hog hunting
Mom arrested while trying to console special needs son in school
Mom fakes son's cancer for donations [Repeatedly LIED to many people, cost them money...]
Mom fights back against home invaders on Detroit's west side
Mom of transgender child wants ID rules changed
Mom who would have aborted daughter born with spina bifida wins court decision over misdiagnosis
Moment federal agents tasered son of last Nevada rancher caught on tape as critics accuse officers
Moment of Truth @MLA
Mommy, the Drone’s Here! [Mo Dowd]
Moms Demand Action (MDA) Targets McDonald's for Concealed Carry Ban
Moms Demand Action Arts & Crafts Club. (Long Post)
Moms Demand Action Issues Death Threat to Pro-Gun Pols
Moms Demand Action dancing in the blood of murdered Fort Hood Soldiers
Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America: WE ARE ALL CLAIRE’S MOTHER
Moms Demand Action: Facebook, Instagram 'Effectively Hosting Online Gun Shows'
Moms Demand celebrate Gabby Gifford
Moms of Celebrities Star in Ad for Obamacare
Moms of Ex-Girl Scouts Say GSUSA CEO Lying About Planned Parenthood Link
Moms want a Doctor trained in Cartoonland to be Surgeon General
Moms: This Is What Your Government Expects of You
Monckton: Challenge to Prince Charles (Over Global Warming Debate)
Monday Cable News Ratings: Sharpton #1 in Demo on MSNBC
Monday Snuggles.. (kittah and pitbull)
Money Is a Terrible Way to Measure the Value of a College Major
Money Watch: Obama and Obamacrats in Full 2014 Campaign Mode
Money raised from Newtown fundraiser goes missing as marathon-running charity partner disappears
Money, Fame, Hollywood and Antichrist vs. Christianity with Duck Dynasty
Moneyball: Greg Abbott outraises Wendy Davis 3-1 in the dash for campaign cash [Texas]
Mongolian-flagged cargo ship with North Korean crew sinks off South Korea
Monica Crowley: 2007 Media Staff Meetings to Protect and Promote Barack Obama
Monica Spear is a crime too many
Monk sets himself on fire in northwest China
Monks From The Kiev-Caves Lavra Stand Between Police And Demonstrators in Kiev
Monks from the Kiev-Caves Lavra stand between police and demonstrators in Kiev
Monogamy Made Us Human: In theory and in practice, it’s what keeps a society stable.
Monongalia County Teen Pleads Guilty to Murder of Skylar Neese
Monopoly Games (No one man has lorded over an Olympics like Vladimir Putin)
Monopoly v chess [Game theory in Ukraine]
Monster 16-inch rat terrifies Swedish family in kitchen: report
Monster Putin
Monster Snowstorm Rolling In-New England and NYC
Monsters Hiding in Plain Sight
Montana Boy: Bones Show Ancestral Links to Europe
Montana Democrats: We Demand to See the Birth Certificate!
Montana Senate: Daines (R) 51%, Walsh (D) 37%
Montana ballot measure urging equal number of men, women in Legislature passes first test
Montana mom charged after child tests positive for meth
Montana wind farm owner sues California utility
Montenegro Church Depicts Tito, Marx and Engels in Hell
Monterey County Sheriff's Office limits immigration holds
Monterey Park Drops English-Letter Sign Ordinance
Monticello man skinned, baked pet cat in oven, planned to serve with onions
Montour County mom charged with giving teen abortion pills waives hearing
Montreal cops say it was ‘unacceptable’ to threaten frozen homeless man
Moody's downgrades health insurers, citing Obamacare Warns of 'unstable and evolving regulatory
Moody’s downgrades health insurers over ObamaCare uncertainty
Moody’s downgrades health insurers, citing Obamacare
Moody’s downgrades outlook for health insurers
Moody’s says new Obamacare proposals would hurt insurer ratings
Moon Lasers Are Creating the Galaxy’s Fastest Internet
Moore police respond to Norman man's death outside Warren Theatre
Moore/Kerry team up to Combat Racism
Moore: 'Duck Dynasty' suspension close-minded cultural 'intimidation'
Moorpark Boy Latest To Be Diagnosed With Mysterious Polio-Like Illness
Moose Knuckles founder defends ad featuring semi-nude Quebec terrorists
Moose jumps from a height
Moose research flawed,expert tells court
Moral Intelligence and Public School Bullying
Moral Mayhem Multiplied—Now, It’s Polygamy’s Turn
Moralism is Not the Gospel (But Many Christians Think it Is)
Moran: Members Can’t Afford to Live Decently in D.C. (Audio) (exempt RAT wants a raise)
More About Jesus
More About Jesus Amen
More Americans Are Writing Their Pets Into Their Wills
More Americans Dying as Birth Rates Hit Record Lows
More Americans Worse Off Financially Than a Year Ago
More Bad Lip Reading of The NFL
More Bad News from Government-Run Education: The Corrosive Centralization of Common Core
More Black Babies Aborted than Born in New York City
More Businesses Expect to Raise Prices in Coming Months
More Calls for Impeachment of Obama after NSA Ruling
More Civil Disobedience, Lobbying Blitzes for Amnesty in 2014
More Companies Dump Employee Insurance for Obamacare
More Congressional Medal Of Honors To Be Awarded
More Conservatives than Liberals Belong to Mixed-Race Families
More Evidence of the Hollowness of Western Civilization
More Federal Privileges to Extend to Same-Sex Couples
More Fires, More Subsidies for Tesla in California
More Governments Aim to Ban Plastic Bags
More Great Moments in Government Schooling
More Grotesque Sex Hearings at Yale
More Healthcare Cancellations Coming Down the Pike Thanks to Obamacare
More Hidden Costs of ObamaCare Coming to Light (some subsidies will have to be paid back)
More Hot Air On Cold Snaps And Warming Ice: America To The Rescue!
More Job Market Malaise: December's Unemployment Rate Was Probably Not a One-Off
More LOL Church Signs-
More Men in Prime Working Ages Don't Have Jobs
More Moms Staying Home, Reversing Decadeslong Decline
More New Music - Get out of the oldies rut!!
More New Taxes and Fees: How You’ll Pay for Obamacare in 2014
More News from the Obamacare 'Come Hell or High Water' Front
More Obamacare Critics Fall Out of Favor With Ohio GOP
More Obamacare stupidity: Developers of website linked to Belarus government
More People On Food Stamps After Past Minimum Wage Increases
More Physicians Are Refusing to Accept Any Third Party Insurance
More Political Street Art At Masters [Anti Obama at Golf Tournament]
More Problems with Teacher Contract
More Purges May Come after Uncles Execution
More Republican Crumbs for the Middle Class
More Stand Your Ground Silliness
More States Grant In-State Tuition to Immigrants
More Than 100 Illegals Found in Houston Stash House
More Than 300 Sharks In Australia Are Now On Twitter
More Than A Smidgen...
More Than Half Of December Jobs Added Were Temporary
More Than One Conflict Between Wendy Davis’s Sworn Testimony and Her Actual Life
More Than a Game: 6-on-6 Basketball in Iowa
More Warren Buffett Hypocrisy; Restructures Deal To Avoid $400 Million In Taxes
More Water California (AB1445)
More about the organization of ‘c’atholic dissidents (hint: Fishwrap)
More consumption not necessary for human well-being, says UN report
More criticism of Obama pick for Justice post
More defendants could be charged in (Democrat) Leland Yee case, feds say
More drivers positive for pot in Washington [State]
More embarrassment for Obamacare as new website for Hispanics is written in 'Spanglish'
More evidence Obama is in serious trouble with his own party
More excuses: IDF officers, young Israelis routinely denied visas to the US
More fraudulent science from EPA
More heavy snow expected later today in Northland (w/ video)
More jobs killing new business growth (Reads like something out of Pravda)
More megaprojects mean growing delays
More men speaking in girls' 'dialect', study shows
More money, more problems for Thom Tillis
More of Jerry Lewis’ Holocaust Comedy Surfaces
More questions for redistributionists
More racial protectionism from Holder, and a message to white Americans
More storms ahead as thousands still without power (In the UK .. not the US for now)
More than 1 MILLION students stopped buying school lunches after Michelle Obama's overhaul ...
More than 100 US universities combat ASA’s decision to boycott Israel
More than 100 people found in house in Texas (Non-Americans ?)
More than 13,000 concealed carry applications get early OK
More than 500 lawmakers in China resign over alleged fraud
More than 800 new laws added in California
More than 95% Crimeans voted for reunification with Russia, says official (UPDATE)
More to Know About John Paul II
More trouble for Charles Pugh? Racy text messages emerge
More trouble for Target after 40,000 gift cards sold over the holidays fail to work
More troubling revelations about Benghazi: CIA never conducted investigation
More unqualified medical services showing up under Obamacare
More violence in Agua Prieta after deadly shoot out
More weak U.S. economic data puts cracks in weather theory
More young women choosing dogs over motherhood
Morell Testifies on Benghazi Talking Points
Mormon Church Head Summoned to an English Court to Answer Charges of Fraud
Mormon Church Head Thomas Monson Summoned by British Magistrates' Court Over Adam and Eve Teaching
Mormon Church Renounces Belief That Dark Skin Is Sign Of God's Disfavor
Mormon Church’s human rights complaint rejected by European judges
Mormon Leader Thomas Monson Fraud Case Thrown Out [UK]
Mormon Tabernacle Choir conductor: 'Praise to the Man'...hymn praises Joseph Smith [Smithmas vanity]
Mormon church explains past ban on black priests
Mormon women look for entrance to priesthood
Mormon ‘Bachelor’ show surprise: He marries them all
MormonTimes - Remember the Prophet Joseph Smith's birthday [Merry 'Smithmas' Morning!]
Mormons VS Epic Black Guy
Morning Joe Goes All-In MH370: Better Than Broadcasting Obama's Bungles
Morning Joe Mocks Christie With 'Govfather' Logo
Morning Joe Panel Can’t Come Up with Hillary Achievement
Morning Joe Panel: Wendy Davis Story Fake But True
Morning Joe on 2016: Hillary's Problem 'Inevitability', But Christie 'Over'
Morning Memo: Wake GOP thinks it’s a Brannon v. Tillis battle (NC Senate)
Morning Plum: Obamacare derangement fades among Republicans (a bit)
Morning and Evening Charles H. Spurgeon
Morning and Evening Charles H. Spurgeon-- January 7, 2014
Morning and Evening Charles H. Spurgeon-12 March 2014
Morning and Evening by Charles Spurgeon- January 16, 2014
Morning and Evening with Charles H. Spurgeon
Morning and Evening with Charles H. Spurgeon-19 March 2014
Moroccan arrested for bomb plot able to stay in US by lying to immigration officials
Morocco king asks Jews to pray for rain-Local community heeds the call
Morocco set to receive new frigate
Morosi: The rule change that saved baseball — in an instant [instant replay]
Morphing of the American Dream
Mortal and Venial Sin
Mortality risk from obesity is much higher than previously thought
Mortgage rise will plunge a million homeowners into 'perilous debt' [UK]
Mortgages and eating Cats after the Economic Collapse
Morton’s Steakhouse employees boot cancer-ridden man for wearing a wool beanie
Mosby Bill Would Take Criminal History Out of Job Interviews
Moscow Calls on Ukraine to Pay Down Its Gas Debt
Moscow Demands Ukraine Cease Irresponsible Behavior Threatening Civil Aviation
Moscow Nyets? Brooklyn Nets Owner to Relocate Parent Company to Russia
Moscow Patriarchate: Russia Must do More to Combat Radical Islam
Moscow Signals It Will Annex Crimea Quickly
Moscow Slams Closure of Russian TV in Ukraine
Moscow Suburbs Set for Religious Leisure Park
Moscow police is ready to form a battalion of fighters "Berkut"
Moscow pork embargo causes havoc in Brussels
Moscow puzzled by some of names on US sanctions list - Putin spokesman
Moscow signals concern for Russians in Estonia
Moscow signals concern for Russians in Estonia (they're after the Baltics!)
Moscow teen kills two in rare Russian school shooting
Moscow warns Kiev against using military, mercenaries in southeastern Ukraine
Moscow’s Europe Square could be renamed into Square of Reunification of Crimea and Russia
Moses or Christ? Paul’s Reply To Dispensational Error
Mosin Nagant hickok45
Mosque of Jesus, Son of Mary: A Notable Gesture
Mosque takes over former Wheaton church ( Illinois )
Most Americans believe in Jesus’ virgin birth
Most Americans don’t buy interim nuclear deal with Iran
Most Dangerous Terrorist Eludes Massive Manhunt (Could MH370 be in his control?)
Most Expensive Production Cars For 2014
Most Feared City in Nebraska
Most Interesting Concept In Geneva: Quant e-Sportlimousine
Most Jews Wish You a Merry Christmas
Most ObamaCare enrollees already had health plans, report says
Most Poorly Planned Wedding Ever (LOL Video)
Most Popular Kitten Names of 2013
Most Russians Would Back Kremlin In Case of War With Ukraine, Poll Says
Most State College bars to go dry on State Patty's Day
Most Transparent Administration: Obama Denies Freedom of Information Requests At Record Rates
Most and Least Bible-Minded Cities in the United States
Most chicken sold in stores is contaminated, Consumer Reports says
Most medical research is flawed, says leading medical editor
Most problem drinkers not alcoholics, CDC reports
Most tax-friendly states for retirees
Most troubled PAC in history flies under radar, squanders Democratic donors' cash
Mostyn Law Firm donates $1 million to help Wendy Davis in Texas governor's race
Mother Charged With Murder in Deaths of Children
Mother Jones: Climate Change to Blame for Missing Malaysia Flight
Mother Russia, Alaska, and the Ron Paul Revolution
Mother Teresa: Every Abortion is a Rejection of Jesus
Mother agrees to $725,000 settlement in Saginaw police shooting
Mother blames Clinton for son's Benghazi death
Mother cat nurses puppy to health, wins $25,000 for Cleveland APL
Mother of Houston teen allegedly shot by girlfriend’s dad wants murder charges
Mother of Infant Terror Victim Gives Heart-Rending Testimony
Mother of Jordan Davis speaks out against Ohio 'stand your ground' bill
Mother of Sandy Hook Victim: Background Checks Wouldn't Have Prevented Tragedy
Mother of girl in Colorado first-grade kissing suspension says boy's punishment was merited
Mother poisons baby....admits to killing son who had Downs syndrome...
Mother shares heartbreaking photos of baby son born at just 19 weeks
Mother supports son, 18, who was kicked out of high school for starring in gay porn
Mother, 53, Arrested For Battering Daughter, 25, With Used Diaper
Mother, children killed in Queens
Motherlode Part III ("[Michael]Mann deleted the later part of Briffa’s trees, because it didn’t...
Motion to Invoke Cloture on the Nomination of Debo P. Adegbile, of New York, to be Assistant AG
Motor Vehicle Commission passes "anti-Tesla" rule
Motorist checkpoint in Reading draws questions
Motorist who struck boy [and stopped to help] critical after mob attack
Motorists criticize federal study of drunk driving
Mount Sinai Found!
Mountain Lion in Fontana Kills German Shepherd(Southern CA)
Mountain Man Arrested for Trying to Feed Himself, owns judge.
Mountain States Mennonites take step toward gay ordination
Mountain lion or bobcat? Durham woman’s pic has many wondering[CT]
Mounting tensions: Threat aimed at SFPD linked to death of Bernal Heights man
Mouse Study Shows 'Junk DNA' Is Actually Required (article)
Moustachioed Arnold Schwarzenegger goes undercover as a personal trainer (at Gold's Gym)
Move Silicon Valley to Cleveland
Move over 'O Holy Night,' only half of Americans see Christmas as religious
Move over Jared: Michelle Obama becomes Subway's newest celeb partner
Move over, small time Bitcoin exchange startups,Wall Street has arrived
Move to Purge Houston High Schools of Poltiically Incorrect Mascots
MoveOn Announces Effort to Slow Fracking Boom
Movie Review: "American Hustle"
Movie Review: "Lone Survivor"
Movie Review: Noah [Satire]
Movie Review: The Secret Life of Walter Mitty
Movie Theater In Tustin Evacuated Following Report Of ‘Suspicious’ Men
Movie continues to change millions of minds about abortions
Movie for a Sunday Afternoon: "Esther and the King"(1960)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "A Song Is Born"(1948)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "Becket"(1964)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "Bugs Bunny's 3rd Movie: 1001 Rabbit Tales"(1982)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "Comrade X"(1940)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "I'll Be Seeing You"(1944)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "It Had To Be You"(1947)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "Lawrence of Arabia"(1962)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "My Favorite Brunette"(1947)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "Repeat Performance"(1947)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "Road To Rio"(1947)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "The 39 Steps"(1935)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "The Hallelujah Trail"(1965)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "The Prisoner of Zenda"(1952)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "The Scarlet Pimpernel" (1934)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "The Secret Life of Walter Mitty"(1947)
Movie for a Sunday afternoon: "Witness for the Prosecution"(1957)
Movie for a Sunday night special
Movie mogul says new Streep film to make NRA ‘wish they weren’t alive’
Movie or tv series idea
Movie trailer from "The Wrecking Crew"
Moviegoers Are Thinking Things Over After Earthquake Hits During 'Noah'
Moving To Mexico
Moving to Work (Should we help the poor move to where the jobs are?)
Mozart Bond
Mozilla CEO Forced Out: The “Resignation” Heard Round the World
Mozilla CEO Learns that Liberals Hate Diversity
Mozilla CEO forced out over opposition to gay marriage
Mozilla CEO on Gay Marriage Row: I Keep My Personal Beliefs Out of the Office
Mozilla CEO resignation raises free-speech issues
Mozilla CEO resigns after furor over gay rights
Mozilla Chief Learns, if You Don’t Support Gay Marriage, You Don’t Deserve a Job
Mozilla Makes the World a Better Place
Mozilla abandons Firefox Windows 8.1 Metro app due to lack of interest
Mozilla clarifies, defends Firefox ad position
Mozilla head's resignation over marriage stance sparks outcry
Mozilla registers swell of negative feedback following Eich ouster
Mozilla scraps Firefox for Windows 8&#8242;s Metro citing low adoption of the platform
Mozilla set a new company record today for online customer dissatisfaction
Mozilla speaks, sort of
Mozilla thoughtcrime, IRS corruption, and the devaluation of marriage
Mozilla's Anti-Gay-Marriage CEO Is Out
Mozilla's Gay-Marriage Litmus Test Violates Liberal Values
Mozilla's top exec defends in-Firefox ads, revenue search
Mozilla: Mounting The Heads Of Conservatives On Their Walls
Mpls. Man With Permit Pulls Out Gun, Stops Robbery In Progress
Mr. Daniel Loomis
Mr. Obama’s Brand of “Christianity”
Mr. Obama’s Deafening Silence
Mr. President, Race Relations Suck, and You’re Not Helping
Mr. Speaker, We Agree that You Can't Trust Him; Can't We Agree On Impeachment Too?
Mrs. Duck Dynasty as you've never seen her: Kay Robertson when she was a teen cheerleader
Mrs. Morsi Laments Change at US Department of State
Mrs. Obama Takes a Jab at Us “Wilderness” Folks
Mrs. Premise and Mrs. Conclusion Visit Jean-Paul Sartre
Msgr. Guido Marini reconfirmed as Papal MC
Mt. Gox Allegedly Loses $350m in Bitcoin (744,400 BTC), Rumoured to be Insolvent
Mt. Gox Disappears From Web in New Setback
Mt. Gox Files for Chapter 15 US Bankruptcy Protection
Mt. Gox Hackers Claim to Release Transaction Details, CEO’s Personal Data
Mt. Gox May Still Hold $118 Million (200,000 BTC) in Funds, Report Suggests
Mt. Gox files for bankruptcy, blames hackers for losses
Mt. Gox on verge of collapse, Bitcoin plunges: Is this the end for the virtual currency?
Mt. Soledad bill would end fed ownership
Mt.Gox says it found 200,000 bitcoins in 'forgotten' wallet
MtGox Resigns From Bitcoin Foundation, Deletes All Tweets From Twitter Feed
Much Ado About Noah
Much Better than Obamacare: The Burr-Coburn-Hatch Plan
Much depends on Ginsburg
Muema Leaves Combine, Cites Religion
Mugabe Denies Mandela Fallout
Mugger shot dead after bullet bounces off victim's face
Muhammad’s birthplace to be razed
Mujahideen of Tatarstan (Bulgaria-Russia) Warn Of 'Surprises' During 'The Sodomite'....
Mullah Nazir first Death Anniversary celebrated in Wana
Mullahs Ahoy; Pentagon to Iran: Sail wherever you like
Mullen: Washington ‘Doing Handstands’ as if Grave Problem of National Debt ‘Has Gone Away’
Mullet-festooned, Make-A-Wish winner charged for brutal ‘knockout game’ attacks
Multi-Millionaire Brian Williams Lectures Viewers on Income Inequality
Multi-magazine gun owners sent packing as NYPD begins to enforce 2010 law
Multi-vehicle Crash Caught On Camera
Multiculturalism - Does Islam bring Cultural Enrichment or Cultural Impoverishment?
Multiple Reports: Russian Military Amassing Armored Vehicles on Ukrainian Border
Multiple objects spotted by planes in hunt for Malaysian Airlines flight MH370
Multitudes are coming into the Voice of Courage !
Multivitamin researchers say "case is closed" after studies find no health benefits
Mum Stabbed Lover With Carving Knife For Not Calling Every Two Hours
Mumbai Monorail News: India’s First Monorail Service Inaugurated
Mumbai loses its appetite for Irani cafes
Mumbo-Jumbo for Beginners (Mark Steyn)
Mummified Body Found Inside Vehicle Parked In Garage At Foreclosed Home (Michigan)
Mummified body in Detroit somehow manages to vote after death
Mum’s Appeal Delays Execution of Son in Saudi
Murder Suspect Let Free After Fax Machine ‘Ran Out of Ink’
Murder Trial to Begin After Man Shoots Teen Following Loud Music Spat
Murder of Pregnant Woman Could Bring Death Penalty
Murdered father of 3 was U.S. Army sergeant home for holidays
Murderers And Rapists Flood The Streets In Jerry Brown’s California
Murdering the name of Jesus
Muriel Bowser defeats Gray in DC mayoral primary
Murphy Versus Obama
Murphy leads Democratic celebration of ACA
Murphy's Law: Crises In The Russian Nuclear Sub Industry
Murphy's apologizes for offensive Pearl Harbor sign
Murray - Ryan budget deal H. J. RES. 59 harms veterans and active military (by Lt Col Allen West)
Murray warns GOP on debt limit
Murray: Compromise was necessary on military pension cuts (Disabled Veterans are cut)
Mursi’s Wife Threatens To Expose The Clintons And The White House
Museum Of Tolerance Acquires Bertrand Russell’s Nazi Appeasement Letter
Museveni responds to Obama on anti-gay bill
Mushrooms used to clean up urban streams
Music Machine - 'Talk Talk'--1966--( 2 min Video)
Music for the Mullahs
Musician in coma after brutal attack in French Quarter (knock out game)
Musician's bamboo flutes destroyed at U.S. customs
Musings from the Holy Spirit
Muslim Authorities Filling Temple Mount with Trash Cans
Muslim Brotherhood Front Group Trying to Stifle Free Speech in Nebraska
Muslim Brotherhood Infiltrates Obama Administration
Muslim Brotherhood Launches Own U.S. Political Party
Muslim Brotherhood gets security pass at JFK
Muslim Brotherhood to UK: Please don’t investigate us
Muslim Brotherhood-Tied Activist to Host Fundraiser for Democrat Gerry Connolly
Muslim Cleric Incites Children to ‘Slaughter’ Christians and Alawites in Syria (VIDEO)
Muslim Cleric Urges Homeless Women to Become Sex-Slaves
Muslim Cleric Urges Poor Women to Become Sex-Slaves
Muslim Country Hosts Chess Tournament, Islamizes the Chess Pieces
Muslim Group Grills MP Anders over Shooting Range Picture
Muslim Group Successfully Kills Planned ABC Series
Muslim Man Beheads Girlfriend After Demons Tell Him To Do So...
Muslim Man Sees Jesuit Priest, And Shoots Him To Death
Muslim Overrepresented 300% in UK Prisons
Muslim Prayer Room Opens in Catholic High School
Muslim Prof. Says Islamic Immigration ‘Threatens West’
Muslim Rape Culture
Muslim Recognition Day held at state capitol (des moines, iowa)
Muslim Refugee Gropes Women, Blames Cultural Differences, Avoids Jail [New Zealand]
Muslim Rioters Attack MK Feiglin on Temple Mount
Muslim Sex-Offender Who Tried to Kidnap 4-Year-Old Girl Excused for “Cultural Differences”
Muslim Student Caught Making Bombs at Georgia Tech Dies from Injuries in Bomb Blast in his Apartment
Muslim Wonder Woman Enslaved with Burqa ... Muslim Wonder Woman Redesign Puts Diana in Headscarf
Muslim anti-Semitism is only decades old, Obama claims
Muslim barber refuses to cut hair of lesbian: Whose rights trump whose?
Muslim cleric: Saying "Merry Christmas" worse than alcohol, fornication, and murder
Muslim convert ‘Jihad Jane’ sentenced 10 years for plot to kill artist behind Muhammad drawings
Muslim deaf & dumb juveniles are kept chained in rural Bengal: Report. ("Religion of Peace")
Muslim fanatics guilty of brutal British soldier murder
Muslim group calls for Islamic standards on all Malaysian Airline flights
Muslim group to sue Harper over allegations of terrorist links
Muslim group wants rabbi tossed from Harper's Israel trip
Muslim leaders issue a fatwa against anyone living on MARS as there is ‘no righteous reason’…
Muslim leaders issue a fatwa against anyone living on MARS..'no righteous reason' to be...
Muslim protestors demand London shops stop selling alcohol and threaten owners
Muslim students again give Nazi salutes at Auschwitz
Muslim students condemn 'divisive and irresponsible' university alcohol ban
Muslim vigilantes jailed for 'sharia law' attacks in London
Muslims 'warned in Fatwa not to live on Mars'
Muslims Debate Centuries-Old Tradition of Female Genital Mutilation in Somalia
Muslims Demand "Right of Return" to Spain
Muslims Demand 'Right of Return' to Spain
Muslims Force Almost 1,000 Christian Women To Convert To Islam ( Pakistan )
Muslims Force Christian To Convert To Islam, Then Brutally Behead Him
Muslims Force Gay Teacher to Quit
Muslims Force Young Christian Girls To Watch Their Mother Get Beheaded
Muslims Gang Rape Elderly American Woman In Colorado
Muslims Kill Christians, Bottle Their Blood, And Sell It For $100,000 A Piece To Saudis
Muslims Say Easter Egg Hunt Violates the U.S. Constitution
Muslims Slaughter 400 People In Killing Fields And Impregnate 3000 Women
Muslims Welcome St. Paul Police Hijab
Muslims conduct 'human sacrifice' on video
Muslims in America: Like Oil and Water They Just Don't Mix
Muslims outraged by Knockout, but there's a catch
Muslims want tax-funded halal food in public schools
Must Americans accept polygamy alongside same-sex marriage?
Must I register with the NFL
Must See TV: Sheriff Joe Arpaio's Obama Investigation; New Criminal Evidence Coming
Must see Youtube Video Of Dachshund attacking a shark
Must watch: What’s Next? A ‘Pathway to Ownership’? (The Absurdity of Amnesty)
Must-Read Memo on GOP Health Proposal
Must-See: Black Activists in Chicago Tell Obama to 'Just Quit' After State of the Union Address
Must-know: US oil rig counts reached a new 2014 high of 1,423
Mutation Kills Off Gene Responsible For Type 2 Diabetes
Mutliple State Exchanges Vulnerable to Wi-Fi Attack
Muzzling Dissent (Covering Immigration to the UK)
My 10 year Freeps anniversary
My Advice to the Dictator for His State of the Coup Address on Income Inequality
My Arabian Night: How an Obama pool stop went viral
My Beautiful Woman
My Christmas Present For Our Commander In Chief
My Family's Misadventures with Obamacare, Continued
My Favorite Quote of 2013:
My Feelings Exactly
My First IDPA Match: Training For Self Defense Through Competition
My Five Wives: The Push to Normalize, and then Legalize, Polygamy is On
My Global Warming Skepticism, for Dummies
My Granddaughter Dancing For Audition
My Life as a Retail Worker: Nasty, Brutish, and Cheap
My Little Pony - The Movie
My Little Pony, 50 Years Later
My Message to Girls: Be Bossy!
My Message to Girls: Be Bossy! [rad-fem alert!]
My New NFL Rules
My New's Resolution: Get More Aggressive Making Fun of The Progressives
My Open Letter to Obama on Presidents day. (PLEASE READ)
My Plan To Destroy America
My Reverse-Cyrano Moment Wooing the Supreme Court (P.J. O'Rourke)
My Second Open Letter to Mike Lawlor -- On "Nightcrawlers" and Treason Played for Laughs.
My Six-Step Formula for Destroying Everything
My Speech to Minnesota Youth for Life
My Speech to Minnesota Youth for Life, Part II
My Speech to Minnesota Youth for Life, Part III
My Theory on the Malaysian Airliner
My Trip to the Pot Shop
My Two Cents: Phil Robertson and Duck Dynasty
My Vehicle Milage Has Dropped 5%+. How About Yours? (VANITY)
My View: Block gun violence with background checks
My Wife and I are Atheists, but Our Daughter Wants to be Baptised Catholic
My business accepts Bitcoins
My cancer 'mind torture':Tony Dunbar, hits out at hospital delay (UK)
My cross to bear – why I no longer hide my faith in the newsroom
My dog just passed (vanity)
My dream speech for Obama
My favorite singers singing a favorite carol
My first experience with medical care since Obamacare implementation.. (Vanity)
My friend and her mom just rented a car at the Fort Lauderdale–Hollywood airport
My message to girls: Be Bossy!
My mother is in the hospital. [Good news #42: home from hospital]
My new neighbour: Peregrine Falcon
My ordination in you is Divine I shall use you to uproot and tear down,build and restore
My personal Fox News nightmare: Inside a month of self-induced torture
My plea: A citywide task force to address gun homicides
My rapidly fading love affair with Wal-Mart
My son has done no wrong, says father of flight engineer on MH370
My substantiation of my kingdom IS Coming !
My time at the ‘School of No’ (union allowed abuse, million$ still missing?)
My turn: Just say no to ACOs (Say hello to Obamacare’s latest technocratic gimmick)
My view on guns and gun control in the U.S. (Vanity)
My wife and I are atheists, but our daughter wants to be baptised Catholic
MyRA? Oops! CEO: Name of Obama’s New IRA Program Already Taken
MyRAs - Washington's Latest Scam
MyRAs Are the Wrong Way of Helping Ordinary People Save Money
Myanmar denies Buddhist mob kills Muslim villagers
Mysteries of Deep Often Solved in Air Accidents Over Water
Mysterious China-themed 'city' proposed in New York’s Catskills
Mysterious Crop Circle Spotted in Salinas
Mysterious Energy Ribbon at Solar System's Edge a 'Cosmic Roadmap'
Mysterious Light Associated with Earthquakes Now Linked to Geologic Rift Zones
Mysterious audio device found inside FIU room [Muslim Prayer Room Brugged?]
Mysterious booms worry Osceola, Polk residents
Mysterious love letter from soldier opened nearly 70 years later
Mysterious markings on Japanese kamikaze flying bomb baffle museum experts
Mysterious new man-made gases pose threat to ozone layer
Mysterious photo found in (a wondering) dog's collar (by animal control officers)
Mysterious rock appears near Mars rover Opportunity
Mysteriously Moved by Sacred Music [Catholic Caucus]
Mystery Continues: Malaysian Probe May Never Trace any Sign of MH370 Wreckage!
Mystery Malaysia flight may have been hundreds of miles off course (CNN Breaking)
Mystery Pharaoh Found in Egypt
Mystery Project Almost Got $5.5 Million From Taxpayers
Mystery fake-passport holders on flight MH370 were Iranian
Mystery illness claims 4 lives in Montgomery County (Texas)
Mystery into Yasser Arafat’s death continues as leaked French autopsy reveals…
Mystery of 39 skulls found at London Wall is solved after 25 years
Mystery of Prince Rupert's Drop at 130,000 fps [video only]
Mystery of the lost WWII Japanese mega submarine that could travel around the world 1.5 times before
Mystery poliolike illness affects as many as 25 children in California
Myth for the Masses: Symbolism and the Language of Liturgy
Myth-busting librarians debunk rumors about Texas' Wild West laws
Mythical Climate Change Consensus Hits An Iceberg
Myths persist despite contrary facts
Myths to Ditch in 2014
Müller: “Catholic Church doctrine is clear on the issue of remarried divorcees”
N Korean leader Kim Jong-un hails purge of uncle
N. Korea 'will not rule out' a new nuclear test: KCNA
N. Korea claims strength after removal of “filth”
N. Korea sells gold in sign of imminent economic collapse: source
N. Korea unlikely to conduct nuclear test for several months
N. Korea: "Jang Sung-taek's Associate Escaped, Carrying Key Documents on Nuke"
N. Korea: All relatives of Jang executed too: sources
N. Korea: Drug Trade Continues to Prove Lucrative
N. Korea: Experts warn of 'Chernobyl' risk at Yongbyon nuclear plant
N. Korea: Is Kim Jong-un a Puppet of Hardline Brass?
N. Korea: Is Kim Jong-un's Aunt Dead?
N. Korea: Jang Sung-taek Being Dragged Out (State TV airs the moment of his arrest)
N. Korea: Jang Sung-taek Executed Immediately after Special Military Trial
N. Korea: Kim Jong-un's Aunt 'Loses Seat in Rubber-Stamp Parliament'
N. Korea: Kim Jong-un's Aunt 'Seriously Ill'
N. Korea: Kim Jong-un's Sister Put in Charge of Regime's Coffers
N. Korea: Kim Jong-un's Sister Secures Place in Nomenklatura
N. Korea: Kim Kyong-hui in coma, says intelligence source(Kim's aunt only weighs 77 lbs)
N. Korea: Lee Seol-ju forgot to wear ‘the pin‘?
N. Korea: N.K. leader's sister serving as chief of staff: source
N. Korea: Orascom prevented to withdraw the asset from NK (Ceausescu way)
N. Korea: Where Is Kim Jong-un? (not in Pyongyang)
N. Korean leader guides night jump exercise of paratroopers
N. Korean leader's aunt in Europe: report
N. Texas man sent to nursing home pushes to leave
N.C. Democratic chairman defends controversial choice of Ben Chavis
N.C. State Board Finds More Than 35K Incidents of Double Voting
N.C. State Board Finds More than 35K Incidents of ‘Double Voting’ in 2012
N.C.:Old Federal Law Creates Weird Gun Trade Incentives, Causing Tommy Gun Controversy
N.J. Democrats propose limiting capacity of gun magazines
N.J. Gov. Chris Christie Promises to End War on Drugs in Inaugural Speech
N.J. Supreme Court: Leaning on a porch is not grounds for arrest
N.J. Teen Charged with Bias Intimidation After Allegedly Luring Orthodox Women: Gang Initiation
N.Korea 'to Execute 200 Jang Song-taek Loyalists'
N.Korea Fires Multiple Launch Rockets
N.Korea Threatens S.Korean Marines with 'Annihilation'
N.S.A. Breached Chinese Servers Seen as Security Threat
N.S.A. Devises Radio Pathway Into Computers
N.S.A. Dragnet Included Allies, Aid Groups and Business Elite (Snowden hits keep coming)
N.S.A. Phone Surveillance Is Lawful, Federal Judge Rules
N.Y. Democrat’s chief of staff said bribery made her ‘hot’
N.Y. Times changes lede of Wildstein story (Christie and G.W. Bridge)
N.Y. Times' Benghazi Whitewash Backfires, Spotlights Obama/Clinton Coverup
N.Y. mayor at closed AIPAC gala: Part of my job is to defend Israel
N.Y.’s New Mayor Active Supporter of Brutal Communist Regime
N4T Investigators: Undocumented immigrants arrested inside Catholic church
NAACP Holding Rally to Protest Voter ID Laws; Photo IDs Required to Attend
NAACP Lawyer: ‘Absolutely My Honor to Represent Mumia Abu Jamal’
NAACP Leader Shows True Colors
NAACP leader says battle for equality must continue
NAACP requires marchers protesting North Carolina voter ID law TO SHOW PHOTO ID
NAACP, Dems hit McCrory for lengthy vacancy in heavily black congressional seat (Mel Watt)
NAACP: Bring Photo ID To Protest Photo ID Laws
NAPOLITANO: Obama, a president who would mock the faith of nuns
NARAL President: Having an Abortion is “What Religious Liberty” is About
NARAL President: ‘Anti-Abortion Is Anti-American’
NARAL Upset Obama Nominated Judge Who Once Backed Pregnancy Centers
NASA Admits to Selling Discount Fuel to Google Execs
NASA Asks: Which Spacesuit Prototype Do You Prefer? Vote On Your Favorite
NASA Calls: Conducts Lunar CATALYST pre-proposal Teleconference
NASA Cassini spacecraft finds sign of subsurface sea on Saturn’s moon Enceladus
NASA Celebrates 45th Anniversary of Apollo 8 'Earthrise' Photo (New Video Released From NASA)
NASA Data: Global Warming Still on “Pause,” Sea Ice Hit Record
NASA Discovers New Gully on Mars
NASA JAXA Launch Today
NASA LENR Aircraft Presentation Published [Updated:
NASA Report: How to Defend Planet From Asteroids
NASA Scientists Perplexed by Mysterious Mars Rock Unlike Anything They've Ever Seen Before [UPDATE]
NASA and NOAA Confirm Global Temperature Standstill Continues
NASA and Terror Funding
NASA could have prevented spacewalker's close call
NASA finally solves mystery of 'jelly doughnut' on Mars
NASA is now accepting applications from companies that want to mine the moon
NASA orders series of spacewalks to fix space station
NASA photo captures strange bright light coming out of Mars
NASA photo shows North Korea is in the dark
NASA remains perplexed by mysterious crumbling asteroid
NASA suspends cooperation with Russia over Ukraine crisis
NASA suspends ties with Russian gov't officials over ongoing crisis in Crimea
NASA's Cassini Spacecraft Obtains Best Views of Saturn Hexagon
NASA's Cassini Spacecraft Obtains Best Views of Saturn Hexagon (Videos)(Awesome Is Inadequate)
NASA's Pivot Back to the Moon
NASA-funded study: The way to save Western civilization from collapse is communism
NASA: Ancient Martian lake may have supported life
NASA: Some Perspective on Winter 2014
NASA’s Squishable Robot Ideal For Exploring Titan, Saturn’s Largest Moon
NASCAR fantasy league sign up time.
NASCAR up close. [video only]
NASWA down on unemployment insurance bill (Oh noooo! The Compromise!! Bipartisanship!!)
NATION AROUSED BY ATROCITIES, PLEDGES TO AVENGE THE VICTIMS; RUSSIANS PRESS DRIVE IN NORTH (1/29/44)
NATIONAL GEOGRAPHIC TO MAP CRIMEA AS PART OF RUSSIA
NATIVISM VS. CONSERVATISM (Writer is Exec Dir of VA GOP)
NATO No More: One for all and all for naught
NATO commander warns of Russian threat to separatist Moldova region
NATO general warns of further Russian aggression
NATO suspends civilian, military cooperation with Russia
NATO to triple Baltic air patrol from next month
NATO warns EU leaders on defense cooperation
NATO warns Russia to cease and desist in Ukraine
NATO’s media offensive makes Russia stop and think
NAVY BLASTS ALL SHIPS AT PALAU AND TWO OTHER JAPANESE BASES; U.S. BOMBERS STRIKE BUCHAREST (4/5/44)
NAVY WARSHIP EN ROUTE TO SICK TODDLER ON SAILBOAT
NAZIS BELIEVED QUITTING CASSINO AS ALLIES DRIVE TO APPIAN WAY (1/26/44)
NBA star Parker apologizes for anti-Semitic salute
NBC Blames Bush for Al Qaeda Takeover of Fallujah in 2014
NBC Commentator's Wardrobe Shows Support for LGBT (Hypersonic Barf Alert)
NBC Depicts Married 23-Year-Old Olympian as Living an ‘Alternative Lifestyle’
NBC Devotes Nearly 11 Minutes to Christie, Only 41 Seconds to Bad ObamaCare Numbers
NBC Edits Democratic Atlanta Mayor Out of Snowstorm Controversy, Blames GOP Governor
NBC In Miami Calls Republican Party ´Reprehensible´
NBC New Year’s Eve Mocks Pearl Harbor Survivors As Only Able to Chew SpaghettiOs
NBC News Prez to meet with David Gregory (To Be Replaced on Meet The Press by Ronan Farrow?)
NBC News Uncritically Swallows HHS Obamacare 'Surge' Number
NBC News boss grills ‘Meet the Press’ staff
NBC News poll: Pessimism defines the state of the union
NBC Planning New TV Series Starring Al Sharpton
NBC Pushes Too Far in Bringing Bode Miller to Tears
NBC Quietly Deletes Mugabe from Obama-Castro Handshake Story
NBC Reporter: EPIC CRUDE [Vanity]
NBC Shuts Down Production on Sean Saves the World
NBC Silent on $7.3 Million from Soros for Special Anchor’s Liberal Report
NBC Top Doc Snyderman A Single-Payer Fan, Made Kids Sign Up For Obamacare As 'Patriotic Duty'
NBC Vows It Won't Be PR Tool for Putin During Olympics
NBC White House Producer: #BOWDOWN to Michelle O!
NBC and CBS Hope Pontiff's Popularity Rubs Off On Obama
NBC asks viewers for better sitcom ideas
NBC leans forward toward union-busting, NLRB says
NBC refers to decades of Soviet communism as ‘pivotal experiment’; Spit-takes ensue [video]
NBC's 'Today' Finds It 'Surprising' Obama Not On List of Greatest Leaders
NBC's David Gregory: Christie Should 'Prove He Didn't Create an Atmosphere Where This Was Okay'
NBC's Gregory Warns Obama: People 'Recoiled' at Bush 'Talking Tough and Projecting American Power'
NBC's Lauer Grills Bob Gates on 'Dangerous or Dishonorable' Criticism of Obama
NBC's Lauer to Gates: 'Dangerous or Dishonorable' to Criticize Obama?
NBC's Todd: Christie's Media 'Free Ride' is Over, 'Welcome to the Vetting Process' for 2016
NBC, CBS Blame Weak Jobs Report on Weather (in other words, global warming)
NBC, Ellen Degeneres team for lesbian family comedy
NBC, MSNBC Sink To Bottom Of Who The Public Trusts
NBC-Skelly News, February 5 1944
NBC/WSJ poll: Obama ends year on low note
NBC: Inviting 'Duck Dynasty' Stars to the State of the Union Not 'Dignified' (Video)
NBC: Married with Child 'Alternative Lifestyle'
NBC: Visitors To Sochi Olympics Can Expect To Be Hacked
NBC’s Brian Williams Apologizes to Arsenio Hall
NBC’s Chief Medical Editor Forced Her Kids to Sign Up for Obamacare as Their ‘Patriotic Duty’
NBC’s David Gregory Plays Nice With Susan Rice On Benghazi
NBC’s Maria Shriver Offers Fawning Profile of “Overnight Sensation” Wendy Davis
NBC’s ‘Today’ Compares Michelle Obama to China’s Communist First Wife: ‘Hip Fashion Icon’
NC Football Coach Ordered to Cease Leading Team Prayers Following Atheist Complaint
NC High School Football Coach Ordered To Cease Baptisms, Leading Prayers
NC NAACP head: Sen. Tim Scott a 'ventriloquist' dummy for right wing
NC Planned Parenthood Co-Founder Defends 'Women For Tillis' Role (Establishment NC candidate)
NC SENATE: Most-electable? THE POLLS keep saying NO.
NC Senate race remains a toss up
NC Senate: Karl Rove’s preferred candidate trails Kay Hagan (while Brannon leads Hagan)
NC Tea Party Showdown Looms as Sen. Lee Backs Brannon (North Carolina May 6th is next battle)
NC man gets jail after dropping pants to judge
NC man reaching for cane shot in SC traffic stop
NC pulls plug on $90 million (CGI Group) tax computer system
NC-02: Former Moore County GOP chairman endorses Frank Roche
NC: Cheap Gun Opportunity Charlotte Turn In (buy back) Today - noon 21 December
NC: Tommy Gun Trade Approved
NC:Charges expected against men shot at Monroe business
NC:Pizza delivery woman thwarts armed robbery by pulling her own gun
NC:Thompsons to be traded; Hundreds Destroyed by FBI
NC:Wilmington man pretends to be drunk, scares away intruders with a gun
NCAA BCS Championship Thread - Auburn V Florida St (-10) 8:30pm EST ESPN TV
NCAA Championship thread UK v UConn
NCAA proposal would put power in hands of BCS conferences
NCAA wrestling: Here are the Friday night semifinal matchups [espn coverage beginning now - 8PM]
NCAA: #12 North Dakota State Beats #5 Oklahoma 80-75 !!!
NCAA: #3 "Dukies" Just Got "Duked" By #14 Mercer 78-71 !!!
NCAA: Harvard Beats Cincy 61-57 !!!
NCCU sophomore mistakenly jailed for 'doing the right thing'
NCR [National Catholic Reporter] Suspends Comments on Website
NCR: U.S. Guns, Not Obama, to Blame for Mexican Violence (Catholic publication)
ND Univ submits to the HHS Mandate
ND town dodged a bullet in crude explosion (Lesson is Keystone Pipeline would be less dangerous)
NE: Bill to Prevent Ban on Gun Transport During Emergencies
NE:No charges to be filed in weekend fatal shooting
NE:Self Defense Ruling In Fatal Shooting
NE:Should Toy Guns Bring the Same Penalties as Real Guns?
NEA employees must be paid for time in prison
NEOWISE Spots a “Weirdo” Comet
NEPA's first LGBT center opens its doors
NERW Extra: Who’ll Fill WOR’s Sudden Morning Gap?
NEW BOOK ANNOUNCEMENT - "When There is No FEMA"
NEW Conservative News channel on Verizon NOW!
NEW EMAILS SUGGEST COLLUSION BETWEEN IRS, REP. CUMMINGS IN TRUE THE VOTE TARGETING
NEW NUKE SCANDAL: 34 OFFICERS ACCUSED OF CHEATING
NEW PATTON FILM SAYS GENERAL WAS ASSASSINATED FOR OPPOSING SOVIET UNION
NEW PAUL RYAN BUDGET SPENDS MORE NOW, STILL BALANCES IN TEN YEARS
NEW QUALIFYING FOR COORS LIGHT POLE AWARD UNVEILED
NEW ROUND OF LAYOFFS AT CNN'S ATLANTA HQ
NEW ShePAC video wishes Sarah Palin a Happy 50th Birthday!
NEW YORK GUN OWNERS DEFIANT DESPITE COURT SETBACK
NEW YORK OFFICIALS MOVE TO SEIZE WWII VET’S PROPERTY – AND WITH TAXPAYER DOLLARS
NEW YORK'S CULTURAL ELITE BLINDSIDED BY OBAMACARE
NEWS ALERT: Russian occupiers have agreed to release Mamchur and three officers
NEWS/ Trace Adkins Enters Rehab Following Cruise Ship Drama—Get the Details
NEWSROOMS START ACKNOWLEDGING BLACK-ON-WHITE VIOLENCE
NEWSWIRE Could the U.S. Face a Cruise Missile Threat from the Gulf of Mexico?
NFC Wild Card Game Live Thread
NFIB ENDORSES SENATOR JOHN CORNYN (who funded ObamaCare with his cloture votes)
NFL Bans Tailgating at Super Bowl
NFL Commish Makes $29.5 Mil a Year 15 Times ...
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell Says Extra Points Could Be Eliminated
NFL Commissioner offers a brilliant plan to fix what ain’t broke
NFL Lip Reading
NFL Playoff schedule
NFL Playoffs Week 2 LIVE THREAD
NFL Playoffs Week 3 LIVE THREAD
NFL Pro Bowl 2014 LIVE Thread [Does anybody really care?]
NFL Proposes N-Word Penalty
NFL Prospect Gives Up Chance of Millions to Join Navy SEALs
NFL Super Bowl 48 Slap Down LIVE Thread
NFL Teams To Allow Cheerleaders To Visit Fans In Their Seats During Games
NFL Week 17 Season Final LIVE THREAD
NFL Wild Card Weekend Playoffs LIVE THREAD
NFL could introduce 15-yard penalty for racial slur: Report
NFL could pull Super Bowl if Arizona religious rights bill passes
NFL could reschedule Super Bowl in case of snow
NFL decides off-duty police a danger at games; on-duty not so much
NFL draft: Teams are willing to wait longer to pick running backs
NFL fans to get an in-seat visit from cheerleaders
NFL has concerns about Esquire Network's 'Friday Night Tykes' series (Video at Link)
NFL hopeful Rashid Williams gives up job, lives out of a van to train for shot at pros
NFL hypocrisy -- Bloomberg anti-gun ads ok but ad about ‘protection’ is banned?
NFL playoff field could expand to 14 teams as early as 2015, per report
NFL playoff picture: It's 10 teams fighting for four spots
NFL to penalize use of racial slur
NFL-commissioned report finds culture of intolerance in Miami Dolphins locker room
NFLPA President: Roger Goodell came close to canceling Pro Bowl
NH Man Pulls Gun On Would-Be Carjacker
NH: Two Takes on Gun Fight Two to One Vote
NH:Gun Control: The truth Democrats won’t tell Granite Staters about HB 1589
NHP Trooper Chuck Allen running for Washoe sheriff
NHS boss ignored email that warned of high death rates and alarming waiting times: Welsh officials…
NHS patients should 'adopt American attitude'
NHTSA Data Confirms Traffic Fatalities Increased In 2012
NICE's new cost curb could make it more difficult for NHS patients to get vital drugs.
NIH Photo of the Day: A HeLa Cell Self-Destructs
NIH Spent $464,272 to Find Out Why Gay Men Get Syphilis in Peru
NJ Carjacking Murder Suspects Caught Because One Used His Mom’s Car
NJ Cop Plays Quarterback For Neighborhood Kids
NJ Dem Congressman: Bill Clinton Probably Right About U.S. Ceding Internet Authority
NJ Governor Says He’s Stunned by Thuggery of Staff
NJ Lawmaker Rips Magazine Ban to Shreds
NJ Mayor: Christie Withheld Sandy Funds as Political Payback(Pay it forward)
NJ Officials Couldn’t Have Been Prepared for What 9-Year-Old Competition Shooter Had to Say
NJ Officials Couldn’t Have Been Prepared for What 9-Year-Old Competition Shooter Had to say
NJ Road Salt Denied by Big Donor to NJ Democratic Party
NJ doctor’s adopted son, 17, stabs sister to death
NJ mayor: Christie aides held Sandy recovery money hostage
NJ restaurant parts ways with gay waitress who claimed she was stiffed on tip
NJ salt shortage continues
NJ senator under investigation for aiding embezzling brothers (ethnic solidarity's ugliness)
NJ teen Rachel Canning, who sued parents, goes home
NJ teen sneaks up to top of 1 World Trade Center
NJ to Wyoming: Butt Out of Our Gun Laws
NJ university offers course studying Beyoncé
NJ'S LARGEST PAPER, STAR-LEDGER, CUTS 40 NEWS JOBS
NJ, NY carjacking ring broken up; 29 charged, luxury cars recovered
NJ’s Christie keeps low profile as Dems attack
NKorea executes leader's uncle as a traitor
NLRB Backs Down on Pro-Union Posters
NLRB Expected to Clarify ‘Micro Union’ Decision
NLRB Takes Aim At Wal-Mart
NLRB Wants to Stop Businesses From Moving
NLRB bolsters private-employee speech (Would this help Phil R.?)
NLRB charges union members with threatening to rape, harm managers’ kids
NLRB regional director rules Northwestern athletes receiving scholarships are 'employees'
NLRB ruling on Northwestern football players opens up more questions than answers
NM 'anal probe' police lawsuit settled
NM Court Says Gay Marriage Constitutional Because Gays Can Responsibly Procreate and Raise Children
NM Supreme Court affirms same-sex marriage rights
NM:More Fast and Furious Scandal Allegations
NM:Reese family challenges appeals panel overturning of new trial order
NO APRIL FOOLS DAY THREAD TODAY!
NO BALLS: Gunman Shoved Gun in Waistband, Shot Himself in Testicles
NO JUSTICE DEPARTMENT CHARGES AGAINST OHIO WOMAN WHO VOTED SIX TIMES FOR OBAMA
NO Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,Tom Marr,EST,WABC AM,December 30,2013
NO shortage of high-tech workers, not enough jobs: Amnesty: Not Just for Low-Skilled Workers?
NO, I CAN'T KEEP MY DOCTOR, I'VE BEEN ASSIGNED A DOCTOR
NOAA Public Severe Weather Outlook (Southeastern Tornado Outbreak Possible)
NOAA Releases Weather Predictions For 3 Years
NOAA Winter Prediction
NOAA: 2013 4th hottest on record for planet...
NOONAN: A CATASTROPHE LIKE NO OTHER (WH spin shows a calculated Obama)
NOPD officer shot in ankle in eastern New Orleans [suspect shot in groin]
NOPD releases sketch of man sought in French Quarter beating ("knockout game perp")
NOPD releases sketch, description of suspects in bicyclist attack
NORAD's Santa tracker draws criticism with fighter jet escort
NORAD’s Santa-tracking began with a wrong number
NOT A JOKE: Video called ‘Forget About The Price Tag’ wins HHS grand prize for promoting Obamacare
NOT JUST FOR PROFIT (Does Hobby Lobby have a right to hold their beliefs?)
NOT being "allowed" to drop a class?
NOTRE DAME PROFESSOR ON OBAMACARE
NOW Demands Wall Street Journal Fire Columnist James Taranto for Promoting 'Rape Culture'
NPR Debate on Utah Polygamy Ruling Shows Case's Far-Reaching Effects
NPR On Weird College Courses
NPR Poll Finds Obamacare Woes Portend GOP ‘Midterm Wave’
NPR Station Conducts 'Scientific' Sea Level Rise Survey Via Bizarre Computer Voice Shoutouts
NPR offers a perfect example of how an unfalsifiable, infallible theory works
NPR's Liberal Attacks: Hour on Guns Includes Attack on NRA's Wayne LaPierre, Ted Nugent as Draft Dod
NPR's Liberal Geography: Our Taxes pay for an outfit having trouble identifying north and south
NPR: 'Macabre,' 'Strange' To Try to Save 'Fetus' in Texas Case; Likens Baby to Organ
NR Wins Release of Nev. Obamacare Records
NRA Board Member Tom King Laments Rhetoric At Pro-Gun Rallies
NRA Declares Victory over Facebook Response to Gun Control Groups
NRA ENDORSES MCCONNELL IN KENTUCKY GOP PRIMARY
NRA Plans Tough Campaign to Win a Pro-Gun Senate
NRA Warns of Potential Breakdown of Law in Connecticut
NRA backs Cornyn; another gun group supports Stockman in Senate race (Gun Owners of America)
NRA board, former SEAL, and 2nd Amendment compromise?
NRA endorses McConnell in Ky.
NRA endorses Thad Cochran (Gun Owners of America endorsed McDaniel)
NRA lobbyist breaks hunting law, then lobbies to change it
NRA official slams Jersey City mayor's gun plan, invokes Holocaust
NRA runs it, but new outdoors show features much more than just guns
NRA, 19 States, 34 Congressmen Sue New Jersey Over Gun Law
NRA: Federal surveillance policies could lead to gun registry
NRCC Blacklists Conservative Firm Jamestown for Fighting Republican Incumbents
NRCC making fraudulent donation sites? (VANITY, sort of)
NRSC ad asks: Are all of these liars, Senator Reid?
NRSC: How many 2014 Democratic incumbents have gender pay-equity gaps?
NSA And CIA Spied On Gamers
NSA Comparison - Under Christie, Hillary, Obama [vanity]
NSA Denies Allegations that it Infected Millions of PCs with Malware
NSA Employees Upset with How Much Americans Know About Them
NSA Official: 'We Are Now a Police State'
NSA Paid a Huge Security Firm $10 Million to Keep Encryption Weak
NSA Phone Program Is Illegal, Privacy Board Says
NSA Said to Have Used Heartbleed Bug, Exposing Consumers [link only]
NSA Struggles to Make Sense of Flood of Surveillance Data
NSA Surveillance Van monitoring a Catholic Blog
NSA Surveillance and the Dangers of Power
NSA Unleashed, Obama Tells Public, 'Trust Me'
NSA and GCHQ target 'leaky' phone apps like Angry Birds to scoop user data
NSA captures data on third of US calls
NSA changes recommended by Obama’s group could politicize spy agency (all nations same as U.S.)
NSA collects millions of text messages daily in 'untargeted' global sweep
NSA concedes: Parody T-shirts that use NSA’s name and logo aren’t illegal
NSA director to Jimmy Carter: Agency not spying on your emails
NSA gathering 5bn cell phone records daily, Snowden documents show
NSA has complete control of your iPhone, can activate your microphone and camera
NSA infiltrates servers of China telecom giant Huawei: report
NSA methods reminiscent of those used in USSR under Stalin – Lavrov
NSA officials consider Edward Snowden amnesty in return for documents
NSA performed warrantless searches on Americans' calls and emails – Clapper
NSA pretended to be Facebook to infect millions of computers
NSA program stopped no terror attacks, says White House panel member
NSA programme in 100K computers around world allows them to hack even when not connected to Internet
NSA reportedly intercepting laptops purchased online to install spy malware
NSA review to leave spying programs largely unchanged, reports say
NSA seeks to build quantum computer that could crack most types of encryption
NSA slayer goes on Obama impeachment hunt
NSA spying through Angry Birds, Google Maps, leaked documents reportedly reveal
NSA surveillance program reaches ‘into the past’ to retrieve, replay phone calls
NSA task force leader: Snowden took 'the keys to the kingdom'
NSA tracking cellphone locations worldwide, Snowden documents show
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden to hold Q&A Thursday
NSA's Malware Methods Outed in Latest Leak
NSA’s Revenue Generating Potential Being Explored
NSDC announced a general mobilization in Ukraine - Parubiy (translated)
NSSF:Shot Show to Stay in Las Vegas Through 2018
NTSB to try and salvage plane in crash off Hawaii
NTSB to try to salvage plane in crash off Molokai
NTSB: Hawaii plane floated 25 mins, then sank.
NTSB: Officials still trying to determine Fuddy's cause of death
NTSB: Operator in O'Hare crash had fallen asleep at controls before
NV:Carson Homeowner Opens Fire When Intruder Breaks In
NW Side man is first concealed carry permit holder arrested in Chicago
NY City Council Member Barron And Community Leaders Oppose Denny’s in East New York
NY Common Core Website Directs Kids To Lewd Sex Survey Site: “Are You a Slut?
NY Court Restores Saudi Arabia In Sept. 11 Lawsuit
NY DA fights dismissal in Kerry Kennedy driving case
NY Democrat in trouble; says he’d never be able to afford prostitutes if they unionize
NY Dems Say Conservatives Don’t Belong
NY Fashion Week: It’s not just an exhibition, it’s a competition
NY Governor Subpoenas Conservative Activist James O'Keefe
NY Judge Orders First Permanent Block Against HHS Mandate
NY Judge Rules for Chevron in Ecuador Case
NY Legislature Attacking Facial Scrubs… And They’re Probably Right To Do So!
NY SAFE Act protests
NY Times Cartoon Suggests 'Climate-Change Deniers' Should Be Stabbed to Death
NY Times Public Editor Calls Out the Paper for Downplaying March for Life…As Usual!
NY Times Ready to Cover Chris Christie Exactly How They Covered Mitt Romney: Badly
NY Times Shows It's Bias (Fired Seattle HS VP front page story, March for Life, back-page no-story)
NY Times Touts Business That Restores, Peddles Pornographic Films
NY Times article on Benghazi.. SMOKING GUN!
NY Times: Christie Knew About GW Bridge Lane Closings
NY Times: Mozilla CEO's 'Anti-Gay' Stance 'By Definition Disqualifying,' He Needed 'Rehabilitation'
NY Times: The Stimulus worked! (Almost verbatim White House talking points)
NY Town spends $2,984 per deer in sterilization program
NY Veterinarian Driven to Suicide after Cat Custody Battle Ruins Clinic
NY bill would require every child to get psych test
NY college professor dies after snorting heroin
NY gun-control advocates set latest agenda (barf alert)
NY law requires collecting old thermostats
NY man's 10,607 video games secure Guinness title
NY politician floats idea of naming new Tappan Zee Bridge for Pete Seeger
NY school all-in on trend of all-digital textbooks
NY woman changes views on guns while living in the free states [video]
NY-21: The Mysterious Snub of Tea Party's Joe Gilbert
NYC Artist Shows Us What Famous Celebrities Would Look Like as Normal People
NYC CABBIE: POPE FRANCIS RATTLES MY CAGE
NYC Council Approves Ban On Indoor E-Cigarette Use
NYC Gay Pride Parade Welcomes Catholic League & 'Straight Is Great' Sign
NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio Agrees with Gov. Cuomo; 'Extreme' Conservatives Not Welcome in NY State
NYC Mayor De Blasio Shovels His Own Walk & Throws Snow in the Street… Which Is Illegal (Video)
NYC Mayor De Blasio pushes ID cards for illegal immigrants in speech
NYC Mayor Rescinds Space-sharing Agreement for Three Charter Schools
NYC Mayor: Horse-Drawn Carriages in Central Park “Inhumane,” Abortions Okay
NYC Megachurch Pastor Believes Sexuality Shouldn’t Be Discussed in Public Forum
NYC Pol Explains Why Jews Are Being Targeted in “Knock-out Game”
NYC Police Shoot Bystanders
NYC Politician Blames ‘Jewish Success’ for ‘Knock-Out’ Attacks
NYC Public Schools Have Seen 10 Student Suicides In 7 Weeks
NYC Rev. Msgr Edward Scharfenberger ordained 10th bishop of Catholic Diocese of Albany
NYC School Cuts Gifted Program for "Lack of Diversity"
NYC TAXPAYERS FOOT BILL FOR SEX-CHANGE OPERATION:‘IT’S NOT A COSMETIC PROCEDURE,IT’S TREATMENT’
NYC Woman Jaywalks and Gives Birth at the Same Time
NYC bans e-cigarettes in indoor public places because they look too much like cigarettes (bloomberg)
NYC building collapse subject of federal probe
NYC group puts bounty on ‘knockout game’ participants
NYC mayor fends off angry kids over snow day
NYC mayor marches in gay-friendly St. Pat’s parade
NYC school cuts popular gifted program over lack of diversity: report
NYC sees 33% spike in murders, fewer guns seized
NYC to pay $98 million to settle case alleging FDNY discriminated against minority applicants
NYC ‘guidelines’ for transgender students could see boys and girls forced to share hotel rooms
NYC's First Professional Cuddler Will Spoon You For $60
NYC's Harvey Milk High School for LGBT Students Struggles to Maintain Enrollment Numbers
NYC: 80% of Abortions Were Minority Babies
NYC: More Black Babies Killed by Abortion Than Born
NYC: WORST RAT INFESTATION IN THE WORLD
NYCHA moves to evict 100-year-old woman
NYP: Obama 'Confusing Ideas in His Head with Reality- Not Clear that He Knows the Difference'
NYPD Beat Family and Killed Pet Parakeet in Own Home, Lawsuit Says
NYPD Under No Obligation To Protect Citizens
NYPD arrests man in a possible 'knockout' attack in lower Manhattan
NYPD cops beat an old man bloody…for jaywalking
NYPD cops beat up my loved ones, killed my parakeet: Staten Island mom
NYPD cracks down on long guns that hold more than five rounds
NYPD investigates beating as possible hate crime (Knockout game)
NYPD: A Dangerous Philosophy [Mandatory 12-pound triggers]
NYPD: Crime up 30 percent in housing projects (New York City)
NYPD: Staten Island shooting and robbery suspect targeted women as they walked alone at night
NYT Admits Neo-Darwinism Faces a "Paradigm Shift" Over "Failure" to Explain Body Plans
NYT Bombshell: Women Prefer Manly Men
NYT Caught Altering Christie Story: Port Authority Official No Longer 'Has Evidence,
NYT Claims Obamacare Website 'Vastly Improved' While Ignoring Two Fatal Flaws
NYT Defensively Declares: No 'Conspiracy' to Endorse Hillary Clinton
NYT Launches Coverage of 'Strident' CPAC 'Conundrum' With Usual Loaded Labeling
NYT Pushes the Rising Tide of Climate Nonsense – This time in the Dominican Republic
NYT Reporter Risen: Obama administration is This Generation’s Greatest Enemy of Press Freedom’
NYT poll: 59% disappointed with Obama’s presidency
NYT report: No al Qaeda link to Benghazi attack [video was a factor]
NYT reporter: Obama administration the ‘greatest enemy of press freedom’ in a generation
NYT: Administration Spends $17 Million A Month Advertising Obamacare
NYT: My, many of these ObamaCare premiums aren’t really as low as they seem, are they?
NYT: No, Really, the Benghazi Attacks Were Fueled by That YouTube Video
Nabisco Ad: Homosexuality 'Wholesome
Naked Bruni pics used to hack European diplomats
Naked Success
Naked Woman Goes On Bloody Rampage After Boyfriend Refuses To Have Sex
Naked Woman Wearing Angel Wings Is Busted (with photo)
Naked woman ruins Christmas mass in Cologne's landmark cathedral
Naked, Growling Man Shot Dead by Cops After Biting Teen's Face
Name mix-up in sexual battery case sends wrong Clay County teen to jail for 35 days
Names of six jurors who acquitted George Zimmerman made public
Nancy Grace to Piers Morgan on guns: That’s enough outta you, Limey
Nancy Lanza's assets worth a total of $64,000 - not nearly enough to satisfy the families ...
Nancy Mace: Campaign “Well Over” $400K Mark (Lindsey Graham challenger)
Nancy Pelosi Calls for 'Livable Wage' and More Paid Sick Leave in Houston
Nancy Pelosi Channels Founding Fathers, Comes to Find They Would Love ObamaCare
Nancy Pelosi Praises Colin Kaepernick’s ‘Tattoos, Big Arms’
Nancy Pelosi Suggests Founding Fathers Would Have Supported ObamaCare
Nancy Pelosi Thinks Sluggish Jobs Report Sign of Progress
Nancy Pelosi Will Receive Planned Parenthood’s Top Margaret Sanger Award
Nancy Pelosi is certain: Obama is most ‘non-partisan’ president
Nancy Pelosi is outraged: ‘We did not treat President Bush this way’
Nancy Pelosi moves to force immigration vote
Nancy Pelosi offers ‘stellar’ liberal marriage advice: Don’t do it!
Nancy Pelosi on deal: 'Embrace the suck'
Nancy Pelosi to Dems: 'Don't Gloat' After Debt Ceiling Rout
Nancy Pelosi: Don’t call it Obamacare
Nancy Pelosi: GOP acting in ‘good faith’ on immigration
Nancy Pelosi: I'd Rather Pass Amnesty than Be Speaker
Nancy Pelosi: ObamaCare incompetence “not my responsibility”
Nancy Pelosi: Pro-Lifers are “Dumb” For Believing Life Begins at Conception
Nancy Pelosi: When Bush Was President ‘We Treated Him With Great Respect’ (Video) (Huh???)
Nancy Pelosi’s tough times
Nancy and Johnny were Sweethearts (Happy Valentines Day, you crazy kids!)
Nanny State Has Become Government’s Default Posture
Nanny of the Month: Computer-coding camps “problem children” to California
Nannytastic: All vehicles required to have rearview cameras by 2018
Napier Brings It Home For Uconn
Napolitano To Be Part Of US Olympic Delegation
Napolitano: Impeachment Only Way to Stop Obama's Executive Actions
Narrative Changing On Michigan K-12 Education Spending
Narwhal Tusk Trafficker Found Guilty
Nasa Wants To Capture An Asteroid (By Golly, Those Geniuses at NASA)
Nasa delays second spacewalk to repair ISS after build-up of water is found inside a spacesuit
Nasa reveal plans for the biggest rocket ever made to take man to Mars..
Nasa-funded study: industrial civilisation headed for 'irreversible collapse'?
Nascar SCS	Auto Club 400 	at	Auto Club Speedway	Sunday March 23	on	FOX	 at 	3:00	PM	 ET
Nascar SCS	Bojangles' Southern 500 	at	Darlington Rwy	Sat April 12	on	FOX	 at 	6:30	PM	 ET
Nascar SCS	Daytona 500 	at	Daytona Intl Speedway	Sunday February 23	on	FOX	 at 	1:00	PM	 ET
Nascar SCS	Duck Commander 500 	at	Texas Motor Speedway	Sunday April 6	on	FOX	 at 	3:00	PM	 ET
Nascar SCS	Food City 500 	at	Bristol Motor Speedway	Sunday March 16	on	FOX	 at 	1:00	PM	 ET
Nascar SCS	KOBALT 400 	at	Las Vegas Motor Speedway	Sunday March 9	on	FOX	 at 	3:00	PM	 ET
Nascar SCS	STP 500 	at	Martinsville Speedway	Sunday March 30	on	FOX	 at 	1:00	PM	 ET
Nascar SCS	Speedweeks	at	Daytona International Speedway
Nascar SCS	The Profit on CNBC	at	Phoenix Int'l Raceway	Sunday March 2	on	FOX	 at 	3:00	PM	 ET
Nashua’s Campbell issues apology over duck deaths
Nasty things are being said about government of, for and by Chavistas.
Nat'l Guard Soldier Gets Death Threats for 'Funeral Fun' Pic
Natalia Poklonskaya she is the Putins new sexy prosecutor assigned by Russian for Crimea
Natalya Poklonskaya Finally Has Her Own Official Website
Nate Silver Rips Thomas Friedman: Not Much 'Original Thinking'
Nate Silver of 538: GOP Has 60% Chance Of Taking Senate in 2014
Nate Silver's new Senate forecast could terrify Democrats into action
Nate Silver: In Georgia Senate Race, 70% Chance of a GOP Win
Nation honors Martin Luther King: parades, service, 'no shots fired'
Nation of Islam Leader’s Home In Hyde Park Received $100,000 in Farm Subsidies ( Illinois )
Nation of Islam’s Farrakhan challenges ‘lovers of Jesus’ to a ‘showdown’
Nation's First Birthing Center/Abortion Clinic Opens in Buffalo. This Is Huge.
Nation's Largest Cocaine Smuggler Revealed: The DEA???
National Anthem - Star Spangled Banner in "hard rock"
National Average Labor Participation Rate at 35 year low, February 2014
National Baptist Candidate Calls Black Church Too Quiet, Passive, Disconnected
National Boycott of Girl Scout Cookies Highlights Ties to Planned Parenthood
National Cathedral Seeks to Boost Profile, Coffers
National Corvette Museum Sinkhole Collapses in Skydome
National Council of La Raza leader calls Barack Obama ‘deporter-in-chief’
National Defence spent $14,000 on poll about superheroes’ abilities
National Democrats hitting Barr on efforts to repeal Affordable Care Act
National Democrats’ War on Women Comes to Northern Virginia
National Disgrace: 9/11 Museum to Charge $24 Admission
National GOP turns on Florida candidate
National GOP turns on Florida candidate [US House Special Election]
National Guard Reservist Arrested In Alleged LA Subway Attack Plot
National Guard Reservist Charged with Attempting to Blow Up L.A. Subway Allegedly
National Guard forces surround D.C. as Obama threatens annexation
National Guard to Deliver Water to Affected Areas
National Guard: Tests Show Positive Trends, Number Still Needs to Drop (WV Chemical Spill)
National Guardsman arrested with 48 bombs in car
National Health SHAMBLES: Three damning reports describe mothers abandoned during labour
National ID headed for your wallet, purse Homeland Security to require digital features in driver's
National Journal: Paul Ryan Will Lead House on Amnesty After GOP Primaries(backstabber alert)
National LGBT Group Takes Issue with Ohio Archdiocese's 'Morals Clause' for Teachers
National License Plate Recognition Database
National Organization for Marriage Says 'Marriage Debate Isn't Over': To March in Washington
National Park Proves a Hard Gift to Give
National Pig Day – 2014
National Press Virtually Ignores Ala. Legislator's Racist Rant, Grilling of Pro-Life Bill's Sponsor
National Republican Congressional Campaign using fake Democrat websites to lure voters
National Review Editor: Mark Steyn Is A Big Meany
National Review: GOP Should 'Do Nothing' On Immigration Reform
National School Choice Week—Empower Parents, Improve Student Learning
National Science Fiction Day
National Science Foundation funded climate change musical to tune of $700,000
National Security Heavyweights Allege Muslim Brotherhood Ties to GOP
National Shortage of Normal Saline
National Wear Red Day is Feb. 7
National climate conference to be held at UCSC
National media spotlights Jason Conger (OR Senate)
National parties test their pitches in Florida's 13th District special election
National ‘Chick-PHIL-A Day’ to Support Free Speech Set for Jan. 21st
National ‘Chick-PHIL-A Day’ to support free speech explodes; wear camos [Jan 21]
Nationalism or Patriotism?
Nationalize Rolling Stone
Nationalizing Education, by John Dewey
Nations dependent on Russian supplies plead for US gas exports
Native American group believes remains among Rush Co. artifacts
Native Americans Protest Eagle Deaths at Wind Farms
Native Americans vow a last stand to block Keystone XL oil pipeline
Native French under Attack in Muslim Areas
Nativity Scene Figures Stolen From St. Joseph Church
Nativity Scenes out at Guantanamo Dining Halls
Nato jets to monitor Ukraine border
Nato warns of Russian army build-up on Ukraine border
Natural Gas Locomotives May Prove Cheaper, Cleaner
Natural Gas: A Geo-Political Tool Or Modern Weapon?
Natural Law Ain't Nonsense
Natural Law and the Legitimate Authority of the United States
Natural Law or The Science of Justice
Natural gas has largest storage withdrawal on record
Natural gas shoots up as powerful winter storm blasts U.S.
Natural gas turned into usable fuels with cleaner, cheaper new method
Nature as Urbane Myth: Titus Lucretius Carus and De Rerum Natura
Nature, Nurture, Talents
Naughty is nice as SantaCon invades S.F.
Naughty or Nice Christmas List (of Businesses)
Nautilus Design On St. Paul's Episcopal Cathedral In Boston Sparks Controversy
Navajo fight is set over same-sex unions
Naval Academy chief discusses sexual assault case [Case to big to fail]
Naval Officer Admits Raping Own Daughter, Navy Promotes Him Anyway
Naval War College to release Nimitz' WWII diary
Navarrette: 'Duck Dynasty' network's hypocrisy
Nave or navel? National Cathedral goes off deep end
Navigators Tell Applicants To Lie Like Administration
Navy Blue Angels to highlight Selfridge Air Show
Navy Bobsled Team
Navy Commander Who Interrogated 9/11 Terrorist Mastermind KSM Found Murdered
Navy Drops Charges Against Second Midshipman Accused of Sexually Assaulting Female
Navy Football Player Will McKamey Passes Away
Navy Launches A Drone From A Submerged Submarine
Navy Launches UAV from Submerged Submarine
Navy Mistakenly Sends Memo to NBC Reporter of Plans to Derail Him
Navy Official: China Training for ‘Short Sharp War’ with Japan
Navy Ordered to Drop LCS Fleet by 20 Ships
Navy SEAL charged with selling ammunition
Navy SEAL from "Lone Survivor" Sets This Journalist Straight on What It Means to Protect America
Navy SEALs 'took turns dumping HUNDREDS of bullets' into Osama bin Laden's dead body, report
Navy SEALs to target Fort Lauderdale [did, 3/25/14]
Navy Seals board rogue Libya oil tanker Morning Glory
Navy Set to Accept First Virginia-Class Block III Sub
Navy Veteran (To) CT Lawmakers on Gun Registration: ‘I’m Telling You Right Now, I Will Not Comply’
Navy Wants Its Tomahawks to Bust More Bunkers
Navy X-47B
Navy base shooter got security credential this year (Update)
Navy database tracks civilians' parking tickets, fender-benders, raising fears of domestic spying
Navy plans nuke-powered carrier (India)
Navy relieves USS Taylor's commander after ship ran aground (while deployed near Sochi Olympics)
Navy relieves commander of grounded ship
Navy sailors have radiation sickness after Japan rescue(billows of metallic-tasting snow)
Navy says goodbye to arson-damaged nuclear submarine at formal decommissioning ceremony
Navy says goodbye to sub [USS Miami} damaged by worker's arson
Navy's Guns Sink with Tender (India)
Navy: Sailor in Norfolk base shooting died protecting [female] colleague
Navy’s new $12b aircraft carrier beset with performance problems
Navy’s new carrier so large the crew need an app to find their way about (Royal Navy)
Navy’s second-ranking civilian resigns amid criminal investigation
Nazareth Christians Warned Against 'Slandering' Allah
Nazi graffiti on Stockholm mosque
Nazi-style quenelle salute performed at Toulouse Jewish school
Naziism Paved the Way
Nazis 'Wanted to Use Mosquitoes as a Weapon'
Nazis Attempted to Train Dogs to Talk, Read and Spell to Win WW2
Nazis Ordered: Remove All Christian Crosses and Spread Paganism
Nazis: Still Socialists. Were the Nazis more like today's Democrats or Republicans?
Nazism Paved the Way
NeJame: Alan Grayson's wife hit congressman with 'uppercut'
Neal Boortz Unloads on Social Conservatives on Sean Hannity’s Radio Show
Neal Boortz, Libertarianism, and Moral Government -- Somebody's morality is going to govern us.
Neal Boortz: Social Conservatives Will Keep Republicans from Taking Senate
Neal Rauhauser Threatens Another NJ Police Department
Neanderthal Bone Could Push Back Evolution of Complex Speech
Neanderthal-human sex bred light skins and infertility
Near Coming of Christ...Joseph Smith's Mission...Another Mission to Be Undertaken...
Near Death Experience With A Hungry Tiger Shark
Near St. Peter’s, An Ancient Burial Site Opens to the Public
Near-Bankrupt Rome Bailed Out As Italy Unemployment Rises To All Time High
Near-Death Experiences: What if They Gave a Review of Your Life and You Had to Come?
Near-Earth Asteroid 2014 AW32 Closest Earth Approach 0.49 LD
Nearly 1 in 5 had mental illness before enlisting in Army, study says
Nearly 1,000 attend Charlotte Catholic meeting on nun’s speech
Nearly 10,000 Las Vegas Casino Workers Might Go On Strike Because Of Obamacare
Nearly 100 march in support of a change in immigration policies
Nearly 11 million Americans on disability at the end of 2013
Nearly 50 Mayors Abandon Bloomberg's Anti-Gun Group; Will Media Report?
Nearly Half Hospitalized for Flu Are Obese
Nearly Half Of Us Couldn't Live A Month On Our Savings
Nearly Half of America Lives Paycheck-to-Paycheck
Nearly all major US banks pass Fed ‘stress tests’
Nearly naked man vs dead babies: Guess which campus display was censored?
Nearly two-thirds of gay men who know they have AIDS have sex without condoms: CDC report
Neat new website
Nebraska City Votes to Bar Illegal Alien Renters, Despite Being Massively Outspent
Nebraska Gubernatorial Debate
Nebraska Moves to Nullify Unconstitutional Obama Gun Laws
Nebraska Senate: Sasse (R) 52%, Domina (D) 27%
Nebraska city to keep illegal immigration rules
Nebraska is new front in battle for control of GOP
Nebraska judge strikes down legislature’s move allowing Keystone XL route
Nebraskans' dilemma: Which conservative to vote for?
Need A Last-Minute Gift Idea? Mandela Collectible Plates
Need A Pay Raise - Just Ask President Obama
Need Advice - Buying a Car
Need Freeper Recommendations On Vietnam War Info Sources/sites/books
Need Headphones for My TV Freeper Recommendations
Need Recommendation: CRM product for Mac Which will Sync with Address Book
Need Some Advice on Elective Office
Need advice on Wisdom Teeth please...
Need help from classical music Freepers'
Need help with solar power
Need insurance help? Prepare to wait [WA]
Need prayers for daughter in law and son after miscarriage
Need to chase funding distracts scientists from research
Needed: An Attorney General for Americans who are not among Holder’s “people”
Negotiating With Terrorists Doesn’t Work
Neighbor arrested in the homicide of Wolfe sisters in East Liberty (Pittsburgh, PA)
Neighbor: East Allentown man traded shots with robbers before killing one
Neighborhood crime reported daily on free Internet site
Neighbors Say Planned Parenthood’s Billboard Goes Too Far
Neighbors accuse church of too much joyful noise
Neighbors bicker in Pa. over forced gas drilling
Neighbors of Fort Lee woman who died after GWB closures delayed emergency response speak
Neighbors say Nevada gunman had botched vasectomy
Neil Boortz: Social Conservatives Will Prevent Republican Majority
Neil Young Doubles Down on the Crazy
Neil Young Goes Solo on 'Live at the Cellar Door' Live set from 1970
Neil Young Slams Canada's Leaders, Big Oil for 'Killing' First Nation Communities
Neither Ted Cruz nor Rand Paul Will be in GOP Primaries
Nellie Gray, Abortion Foe and Leader of Annual March, Dies at 88 (Founder of March for Life)
Nelson Frazier Jr., Former WWE Star Big Daddy V, Passes Away at Age 43 (AKA Mabel, Viscera)
Nelson Mandela Endorsed One of World’s Most Liberal Abortion Laws
Nelson Mandela Has Died
Nelson Mandela Is Dead? Good.
Nelson Mandela Joins Yasser Arafat As Dead Terrorists Who Were Given Peace Prizes
Nelson Mandela and Ronald Reagan: Few know Reagan’s role in bringing about change in South Africa.
Nelson Mandela and the American Revolution
Nelson Mandela and the Cheap Caricature of Ronald Reagan
Nelson Mandela and the Dangers of Deification
Nelson Mandela in fight from ‘deathbed’
Nelson Mandela memorial security scandal: 'There were no checks'
Nelson Mandela vs Abraham Lincoln
Nelson Mandela was close to Jews, resolutely loyal to Palestinians
Nelson Mandela's Accomplishments? All sizzle but no steak?
Nelson Mandela, R.I.P. (National Review editorial)
Nelson Mandela, Sinner or Saint?
Nelson Mandela, anti-apartheid icon and father of modern South Africa, dies
Nelson Mandela: A Candid Assessment
Nelson Mandela: Africa's Lincoln (He's serious)
Nelson Mandela: Israel Is Terrorist and Islamic Arabs Are Innocent
Nelson Mandela: Media Fawns Though He was a Marxist Terrorist
Nelson Mandela: The Untold Story -- Some Inconvenient Facts
Nelson Mandela…a communist revolutionary morphed by the media into a saint
Nelson Mandela’s legacy
Neo-Nazi symbol spreads in Europe
Neo-Nazi threat in new Ukraine: NEWSNIGHT
Neocons and Small-Government Conservatives, Consciously Uncouple
Neoconservatives Behind RT Anchor Liz Wahl’s Resignation?
Neolithic Mural in Turkey May Illustrate Ancient Volcanic Eruption
Nepal to force Everest climbers to collect rubbish
Nephesh chayy&#257;h: A matter of life … and non-life
Net energy imports in 2013 lowest in more than 20 years
Netanyahu 'to demand release of spy in return for peace talks concessions'
Netanyahu Conveys ‘Warmest Christmas Greetings’ From ‘the City of Peace, Jerusalem’ (VIDEO)
Netanyahu Defies Americans, Will Announce Extended Construction
Netanyahu Floats Idea: "Settlers" to Live under PA Rule
Netanyahu Lectures Thumb-twiddling Kerry On Unapologetic Palestinian Terror Tactics
Netanyahu Orders Israel Army To Prepare For Possible Military Strike Against Iran In 2014
Netanyahu Slams International 'Hypocrisy' Over Iran Arms Ship
Netanyahu gets tickled by a backbone
Netanyahu missing Mandela memorial for cost reasons: Report
Netanyahu to Biden: Abbas Doesn't Want Peace
Netanyahu to Biden: Abbas Doesn’t Want Peace
Netanyahu vows tough line for White House talks
Netanyahu, Gov. Brown Sign Pro-Business Pact
Netanyahu, Peres mourn the loss of Mandela, 'a freedom fighter who opposed violence'
Netanyahu: BDS Advocates ‘Should Be Treated as We Treat Any Anti-Semite or Bigot’
Netanyahu: I Will Not Evict Israelis from the Jordan Valley
Netanyahu: Iran Must Renounce Genocide
Netanyahu: Iran has spent $160 billion on nuclear weapons drive
Netanyahu: Israel isn't what's wrong with the Mideast, it's what's right (link to speech in article)
Netanyahu: Nuke Deal Won't Stop Iran Bomb
Netanyahu: Spying 'unacceptable' between friends In first official response to NSA espionage
Netanyahu: Talk of peace deal premature given Palestinian inflexibility
Netanyahu: Those who boycott Israel are anti-Semites
Netanyahu: “Iran will next hide nuclear suitcases.” DEBKAfile: Bought 10 years ago from Ukraine
Netanyahu’s aides threaten to fire Naftali Bennett
Netflix Documentary Shows "Mitt" Like You've Never Seen Him
Netflix earnings beat estimates; stock soars 17%
Netflix recommendations needed.
Netherlands: Muslim rapper threatens to murder Geert Wilders
Network that mocked biracial family accuses conservatives of freak-out over Cheerios ad
Networks Hype Obama's 'Special Bond' With the Pope, Downplay Disagreements
Networks Refused to Give President Primetime Air for ObamaCare Victory Lap
Networks Snub Obama On Primetime Health Care Address
Networks Swoon Over President's Fake Interview to Push ObamaCare
Networks Tout Tax Cuts for Millions in Obama Budget, Ignore Fuzzy Math
Neurobehavioural effects of developmental toxicity
Neuroscience may offer hope to millions robbed of silence by tinnitus
Nevada Cattle Rancher Wins 'Range War' With Feds
Nevada County Church Ordered To Remove “Support Our Troops” Sign
Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval, Looking Good for a Second Term
Nevada Governor Slams Feds in 'New Ruby Ridge' Battle
Nevada Hookers Praise Obamacare [but not the brothel owner]
Nevada Officials Stop Defense of Same-Sex Marriage Law
Nevada PAC to target District 9 Senate race
Nevada State Bar panel considers discipline for former Nevada power broker Whittemore
Nevada and Delaware sign iPoker compact
Nevada rancher's son freed, BLM collecting cattle
Nevada sage grouse critic calls feds closed-minded
Nevada to get Mount Reagan?
Nevada's biggest casinos lose $1.35B in 2013
Nevadan Named BLM Chief - Senate Confirms Former Reid Adviser
Nevada’s Criminal Navigators (Obamacare)
Never Accept the Premise of Your Opponent’s Argument
Never Let the Dead of Sandy Hook Go to Waste, or Rest in Peace
Never Use the Self Cleaning After Five Years
Never mind sending your tired and your poor, Democrats just want your money!
Never mind that March 31 Obamacare enrollment deadline
Nevermind: A&E unsuspends Phil Robertson
New "Animal Farm" Targets Capitalism
New 'Godzilla' Finally Revealed: How Latest Radioactive Reptile Stacks Up to the Original
New 'Star Wars' film to be set 30 years after 'Return of the Jedi'
New 3D Printer by MarkForged Can Print With Carbon Fiber
New 3D printer from BigRep lets you print full-size furniture
New 3D printer lets home cooks print their dinner
New AMC show: Turn (about America's first spy ring in the Revolutionary War)
New Abortion Clinic Closures Means More Babies Will be Saved From Abortions
New Ad: Pat Roberts Isn't In Kansas Anymore
New Addition to California Coastal Nat. Monument
New Affordable Care US health plans will exclude top hospitals
New Afghanistan law to silence victims of violence against women
New Alien Planet Hunter -- "Exponentially More Powerful Imager..."
New Android app warns you when you’re being tracked
New Archbishop Charts Course For Local Catholics (Catholic Caucus)
New Army tattoo policy eliminates potential recruits, future officer promotions
New Assaults on American Law
New Atheism’s big mistake: Debating creationists solves nothing (Ham/Nye Debate Feb 4th)
New Audi ad for SB.....
New Benghazi Report Finds 'Severely Degraded' Readiness and a Pentagon Struggling to Catch Up
New Benghazi Testimony Confirms White House Had Time to Respond
New Benghazi Website Brings Facts Straight to the American People
New Benghazi Witnesses
New Bevin ad clads McConnell in Duke gear (LOL!)
New Bill Would Allow You to Sell Event Tickets Without Fear of Arrest
New Bill Would Prevent Discriminatory Charitable Bin Bans
New Billboard in NYC Says ‘Nobody’ Needs ‘Christ During Christmas’
New Book By Rabbi Meiselman On Torah, Chazal, and Science
New Book by Rabbi Moshe Meiselman on Torah, Chazal, and Science
New Book: 'Let's Nationalize Fox News,' Let Unions Decide What's News
New Bridge and Rockshed Completed Near Big Sur
New CBO Numbers Show Remarkably Simple Path to Balanced Budget
New CBO Numbers Show a Remarkably Simple Path to a Balanced Budget
New COLA 'fix' creates have, have-not disabled retirees
New California Employment Laws for 2014: What Your Business Needs to Know
New Campaign Pressures Hillel into Partnerships with Anti-Israel Orgs
New Canadian Cardinal Condemns Quebec Charter for Dividing People, Stirring Fear
New Castle Mosque Protest Goes Digital
New Chevy Tahoe Ad?
New Chinese submarine patrol puts Hawaii, Alaska within nuke range - report
New Concerns About E-Cigarettes After Kids, Teens Drink Liquid Nicotine
New Congressman McAllister supports Amnesty for illegals
New Cover Oregon allegations: 'If it's true, someone's going to prison'
New DHS chief endorses ‘earned’ citizenship idea
New DOJ, HHS Rules Aimed at Mental State of Gun Owners
New Data: Social Issues Would Have Been Winning Issues in Virginia
New Details Suggest Alternate Story of Mother Shot by Border Patrol Agent
New Details on Shoe Bomb Threat (Obama's JV AQAP)
New Dimensions of U.S. Foreign Policy Toward Russia
New Dire Warnings on Russia: The Move That Could Lead to ‘Catastrophe’
New Dwayne Stovall Radio Ad: Stovall Take Down (Cornyn opponent)
New EU citizens’ appeal targets press freedom
New Early Human Site Discovered in Israel
New Ecumenical English Missal
New Emails Point to IRS Officials Targeting Political Groups
New England and New York have largest natural gas price increases in 2013
New Evidence Emerges about Nelson Mandela and His Secret Communist Past
New Evidence Suggests That Plane Disappearance Was A Deliberate Act
New Executive Order: “Obama Has Just Given Himself the Authority to Seize Your Assets”
New FOIA emails show EPA in cahoots with enviro groups, giving them special access
New Footage Shows Hawaiian Plane Crash (Loretta Fuddy crash)
New Forensic+ Enhancements in Capture One Pro 7
New French Anthem, Sharia for Eurabia
New Frontiers: Eagle Ford vs. Permian, the great Texas oil showdown
New Frontiers: The Cline shale might not be the next big thing
New Gal - HHS - OMB Leadership Sylvia Mathews Burwell, Director
New Gassy Exoplanet has Mass of Earth but is 60 Percent Larger [KOI-314c]
New Groom Killed Hours After Wedding Ceremony
New Guantánamo hearings limit media, NGO access
New Gun Rights Group Gains Momentum
New Hampshire Bill 1589 – Sell A Gun To A Friend, Go To Jail
New Hampshire Can Lead on Privacy Protection
New Hampshire Moves Toward Nullifying NDAA
New Hampshire Senate: Shaheen (D) 50%, Brown (R) 41%
New Hampshire teacher resigns rather than 'unfriend' students on Facebook
New Harrisburg, Pa. bishop 'stunned' by appointment
New Health Law Frustrates Many in Middle Class
New HealthCare.gov Video: ACA “Ain’t About the Cha-Ching Cha-Ching, Ain’t About the Bling Bla-Bling”
New Hi-Res Footage Shows Saturn's Mysterious Hexagon Like Never Before
New Hillary Clinton memoir set for June 10 release (Freeper book title contest....)
New Homeland chief: Agency will be ready for legalization of immigrants
New IRS rules would scuttle tea parties: 'All they did was shift tactics'
New Inconsistencies with Malik Obama’s IRS Paperwork Revealed on Eve of Hearing
New Iran agreement includes secret side deal, Tehran official says
New Iron Age Sites Discovered in Finland [Roman era]
New Israeli Lab Seeks to Punch a Hole in Spacetime, Literally
New Italian torpedo test fired
New Jersey 'go-go bar' shooting: 3 dead, 2 hurt
New Jersey Archbishop Myers builds mansion, hot tub as diocese suffers
New Jersey Couple Each Die Hours Apart, After Lifetime Together
New Jersey High School Senior Suspended for Flying Confederate Flag
New Jersey Man Escapes 5 Year Sentence After Dash Cam Footage Clears Him Indicts Cops
New Jersey Republican Machine Unites Against Steve Lonegan (Updated)
New Jersey Taxes Winners – Especially if Your Name is Peyton Manning
New Jersey Waitress in Anti-Gay Note Case Let Go From Job
New Jersey blocks Tesla sales in state
New Jersey cracks down on sex trafficking ahead of Super Bowl
New Jersey honor student sues parents for school fees after they cut her off at age 18
New Jersey pol leading Bridgegate probe says Christie impeachment ‘a possibility’ if governor lied
New Jersey state trooper caught shoplifting at Cabela's near Hamburg, police say
New Law Puts Gloves On California Bartenders
New Law in Baghdad Allows Girls to Marry Under the Age of 9
New Levels Of Cruelty Reached by Arabs in Jerusalem (Muslims Throw Puppies at IDF)
New London Mayor Wants $10.10 Minimum Wage for City Workers [Connecticut Town w/SCOTUS Case]
New MH370 satellite data calculations narrow hunt to remote stretch of ocean off Australia
New Mayor Bill De Blasio Tells New York City, ‘We Will Not Wait’ on Inequality
New McConnell Ad Hammers Opponent and Conservative Group Targeting Republicans
New Md. health care delivery system will prioritize wellness ["when the dust settles......"]
New Media Victory: A&E Lifts 'Duck Dynasty' Star's Suspension
New Medical Codes Parse Ailments To The Finest Detail
New Mercatus Fiscal Ranking Shows the Real New Jersey Scandal
New Mexico Supreme Court: Same-sex marriage legal
New Mozilla CEO Is Allegedly Anti-Gay Marriage -- Firefox Developers Boycott
New NYC Mayor Vows to “Crush Inequality”
New Obama initiative tramples First Amendment protections (FCC monitors in newsrooms)
New ObamaCare Ad Features Semi-Nude Gay Men Dancing, Hugging, Sucking Phallic Symbols
New ObamaCare Number: 1-800-Idiots-R-US
New ObamaCare delay to help Democrats in midterm elections
New ObamaCare fees coming in 2014
New ObamaCare glitch: If you like your baby…
New Obamacare Bombshell - Rpt: No System Yet For Exchange Payment -The Kelly File
New Obamacare Delay Is the Worst Yet
New Obamacare Risk: Unauthorized Debit Card Charges
New Obamacare Talking Point About Insurance Ad Spending Snapped Up by Liberals
New Obamacare exemptions make millions more eligible for catastrophic plans
New Obamacare fees coming in 2014
New Obamacare weapon for GOP: Doctors
New Order in the Court: Dress Like a Professional
New Orleans Musician in Coma After Suspected Knock-Out Game Attack (Video)
New Oversight report claims Lois Lerner misled Congress on IRS targeting
New PBS exec touts more Latino content, talent
New Payment Method Scans Veins (in your hand), not Visa
New Phila. police policy reaches out to transgender people
New Plan for Icebreaker Rescue Ship That Failed to Bust Through Frozen Sea (Rescue Delayed)
New Poll Shows Dismal Re-Election Prospects for John McCain
New Poll Spells Trouble for Mitch McConnell (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
New Poll: Alex Sink Leads David Jolly For District 13 (Florida Congressional Race)
New Poll: Lindsey Graham May Be Finished
New Polling in Kentucky Shows McConnell is Vulnerable
New Post-ABC News poll: Keystone XL project overwhelmingly favored by Americans
New Process Recycles Milk Jugs Into 3D Printer Filament (10 cents per KG, vs. $50 now)
New Project to Convert Laser Hot-Wire Welding Process into High-Output, 3-D Manufacturing Process
New Radioactive Water Leak at Japan's Fukushima Daiichi plant
New Report Reveals Level of Federal Aid to the States and Importance of Fiscal Federalism
New Report: Majority of Campuses Severely Restrict Free Speech
New Republic: Mike Huckabee Could Be President — If Only He Wanted It
New RevWar TV series on AMC: "Turn," about Gen. Washington's Long Island spy network.
New Rule Creates Avalanche Of Time-Wasting Paperwork For Doctors
New Ruling Means Patients Can Access Their Own Lab Results
New Russian Ballistic Missile Sub to Join Fleet
New Scout Group Honors Christian Values
New Season of ‘The Boondocks’ Excludes Its Creator Aaron McGruder ("Black Jesus")
New Sen. Mark Pryor ad: If God can forgive me for voting for ObamaCare, why can’t you?
New Sheriff in Town: Rich Pezzullo for Senate in New Jersey
New Sherlock Season – The Empty Hearse-10pm EST
New Signup Numbers Show Why Obamacare May Be Impossible To Repeal
New Spanish Cardinal to be Probed for 'Anti-Gay' Incitement
New Spy Technology to Spawn Oil Revolution
New State Data On Obamacare Enrollment Trends Show How Scheme Is Failing
New Study Claims Arab Population in Israel is Shrinking
New Study Demolishes Almost Every Gun Control Myth
New Study On Homosexual Parents Tops All Previous Research (Must Have for Files)
New Study Says Benefits of Circumcision Outweigh Risks 100 to 1
New Stunning Maps of the US, Canada & Other Countries Show Apple is winning against Android
New Super-Accurate Atomic Clock Tells Time Like No Other
New Supernova in Night Sky Captivates Amateur Astronomers
New Surcharge At Colorado Restaurants Related To Health Care (Obamacare)
New Taco Bell ad: Even Ronald McDonald likes our breakfast
New Texts Found in Caves That Yielded Dead Sea Scrolls
New Theory Sees Possible Fire on Missing Jet
New Trailer for Dinesh D'Souza's "America": Watch George Washington Killed (Video)
New Treatment Uses Modified HIV To Kill Lymphoma Cancer Cells
New Treatment for Peyronie's Disease Approved by FDA
New Twists to Calif. Double-Murder Mystery
New U.S. 2014 Tax Regime is "Devastating," Experts Say
New U.S. Army Rifle:
New UK reports back EU powers, enrage euroskeptics
New Ukraine province in play as ethnic Russians push new secession referendum
New Umarov Video Uploaded After Kadyrov Says He Is 'Long Dead'
New Use of Drug May Alleviate Children’s Symptoms of Autism
New Video HAMMERS Obama On Executive Power
New WFP Video: Goodbye, Piers Morgan...and Yes, We Get to Own Tanks!
New WH Advisor Podesta: GOP 'A Cult Worthy of Jonestown'
New Wave artists aging gracefully. An 80's world gone by…
New Web Site Encourages Catholics Toward Frequent Confession
New Website Vows to Show You the Benghazi Documents the ‘White House Doesn’t Want You to Read’
New World Disorder
New Year Ushers in Md. Law Giving Illegal Aliens Driver’s Licenses
New Year festivities banned in Saudi Arabia
New Year's Eve fireworks light up world's tallest building
New Year's Eve: Global revelers ring in 2014 with booms and flashes
New Year's Wish: Obama Pollster Begs Reporters to Stop Covering Polls
New Year’s Resolution for Boaters
New York Abortion Bill OKs Shooting Babies Through the Heart With Poison to Kill Them
New York Cancels Court Date Against James O’Keefe, Project Veritas
New York City Bans The Use Of E-Cigarettes In Public
New York City DOE Violates Teacher's Constitutional Rights
New York City Has The Most Homeless Children Since The Great Depression
New York City Mayor Agrees With Cuomo Booting Pro-Lifers, Calls Them “Extremists”
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio to Boycott St. Patrick’s Day Parade
New York City Mayor de Blasio has a Twisted need to Punish the Rich
New York City Reducing Role of Tests in Advancing Students to Next Grade
New York City confiscating rifles and shotguns
New York City deleted from MAIG member roster
New York City public school kids getting new Muslim, Lunar New Year holidays
New York City to reroute trash from landfills to Brooklyn neighborhood to offset gentrification
New York City: A Pay More, Get Less Sinkhole
New York City’s Disability Grifters: One of the biggest disability-benefits frauds ever.
New York City’s rich get blasted for doing good
New York Cops, Firefighters in Massive 9/11 Fraud, Indictment Says
New York Man’s Home Seized After He Comes Up $936 Short on $10,813 Tax Tab
New York Mayor-Elect De Blasio's Daughter Admits Battling Alcohol, Drug Addiction
New York McDonald’s Manager Buys Food for Firefighters; Terminated Next Day
New York Now Accepting Applications for Digital Currency Exchanges
New York ObamaCare Exchange REFUSES to cover children under 2 (until the media takes an interest)
New York Soon to Trail Florida in Population
New York State To Legalize Cannabis
New York State passes anti-boycott legislation (w.r.t. Israel)
New York Student Suspended for “Insubordination,” aka Opposing Common Core
New York Teen Arrested In Connection With Videotaped "Knockout Game" Attack On Elderly Woman
New York Times Contradicts Own Reporting on Benghazi
New York Times Had Reporter 'Talking to the Attackers' During Benghazi Massacre
New York Times Laments Gun Companies Ending Freebies for Pro-Gun Control Authors
New York Times Profit Falls 12%; Print, Digital Revenues Still Falling
New York Times Revives Benghazi Video Lie Ti Save Hillary Clinton in 2016
New York Times Sets Benghazi Record Straight
New York Times Tries to Revive the Benghazi “YouTube Anger” Hoax
New York Times and Ralph Nader criticize Obama for illegally seizing private property and...
New York Times calls for Snowden clemency
New York Times editorial blasts de Blasio inaugural speeches ("Graceless and Smug")
New York Times: "The rate of AIDS among black women is 27 times the rate among white women."
New York Times: Health Enrollment Numbers Lift Democratic Hopes
New York Times: This high-speed rail thing is kinda’ becoming a disaster for Jerry Brown
New York Times: We also know better about religious fidelity than a bunch of nuns
New York Times: Yeah, ObamaCare has made the healthcare system a mess in 2014
New York Times’ Biased Coverage on Muslim Persecution
New York Times’ Detailed (fake) Investigation Ends Rancor Over Benghazi Forever(link only)
New York about to become conservative-free?
New York about to become conservative-free? (To be a New Yorker is to hate conservatives)
New York and Boston mayors plan to boycott St Patrick’s Day parades over ban on gay marchers
New York apartment prices hit record high
New York declares war on wild mute swans
New York federal judge rules NSA phone surveillance is legal
New York high school student suspended for NRA pro-2nd Amendment T-shirt
New York is saved. The left-wingers are in charge.
New York lawmakers bite hard on Bitcoin: why that's good for investors (+video)
New York madam snagged in pre-Super Bowl sting
New York politicians push legislation to allow undocumented immigrants
New York rich face tax surprise when they die: Tax rate of 164 percent on portions of their estates
New York takes London’s crown as top financial center: survey
New York's East River Is Freezing Over
New York's de Blasio boots charter schools from city space
New York-area radio hosts apologize for fake note chastising gay couple
New Yorker Writer Claims Heroin Helped Philip Seymour Hoffman Performances
New Yorkers Boo Bill de Blasio as he Throws Out Pitch for Mets (VIDEO)
New Yorkers Might Have to Pay an Extra 10 Cents to Get Disposable Bags
New Yorkers Rally For Gun Rights, Against Cuomo Regime
New York’s Fact-Free Gun Ruling
New York’s NRA membership nearly doubles in wake of SAFE Act
New Zealand View of United States 2013 Second Amendment Battle
New Zealand confirms plans to hold referendum on ditching the Union flag..
New Zealand doctor fights off shark, stitches up wounds, goes for a beer
New Zealand military plane spots 'objects' in revised southern Indian Ocean search location
New Zealand’s Prime Minister Actually Refutes Claim That He Is a ‘Shapeshifting Reptilian’
New ambassador to China says he’s “no real expert on China”
New and deadly handgun ammo combines 3 bullets in 1 shell
New approach makes cancer cells explode (and die)
New audiobook release: Public Opinion, by Walter Lippmann
New battlefront emerges in war between Republicans, tea party (Chamber of Amnesty vs. Conservatives)
New big-headed fish species discovered in Idaho and Montana rivers
New bill would require WH dinners to follow same as school lunch guidelines
New book claims THIS picture proves Hitler escaped Berlin bunker and died South America 1984 aged 95
New book examines 'vibrant' revival of US Catholicism
New book says Apple's best days are behind it
New building shows what legislators truly value: Themselves
New calls for Vance McAllister’s resignation
New circuit design allows for elimination of laptop charger brick
New court documents reveal final moments of border agent Brian Terry’s life
New dad lured into fatal robbery after arranging to meet men to buy iPad listed on Craigslist
New details about the epic B-52 mission to rescue a Cessna in Alaska
New dinosaur called the Chicken From Hell
New documents show how the NSA infers relationships based on mobile location data
New doomsday poll: 99.9% risk of 2014 crash
New education plan: Take the “tricky vocabulary” out of the SAT exam (Because English is hard)
New emails released on Dem senator’s resistance to Obamacare cancellation numbers
New ethics complaint against Wendy Davis, hid income and ties to lobbyists
New evidence Hitler was a homosexual
New evidence on the political views of mixed-race adopted and step-families
New excavations take place at Ilkley's Roman fort
New executive overreach: Obama may relax U.S. sanctions on Iran — without action from Congress
New federal rule could end recycling practice that benefits brewers, farmers and environment
New figures show a THIRD of all people who applied for sickness benefit were found fit to work.
New food labels will have super-size calorie counts (Michelle supported FDA proposal)
New food safety law means California bartenders have to wear gloves, too
New frontrunner in GOP’s 2016 New Hampshire primary: Mitt Romney, of course
New hardware store fills niche in city
New head of Senate Energy Committee (exempt Landrieu) has environmentalists seeing red
New head of Ukraine's navy defects in Crimea
New head of anti-Obamacare doctor group lives with George Soros’ progressive ex-wife
New health care law: Fee may increase employee premiums
New health law frustrates many in middle class
New image of a Russian Tu-22M Backfire with cruise missile emerges
New immigration laws split America in two
New insurance law: Long hours, low commissions for agents
New law being considered: Americans With No Abilities Act (ANAA)
New laws needed to save Bigfoot's life? Read more at
New leader in 2016 GOP primary field: Mike Huckabee, of course (Actually, it's Gov. Palin)
New massive wave of illegal immigration coming
New numbers for Obamacare
New photos of bighorn lamb born north of Tucson released
New planet nicknamed after Biden
New playbook, same goal: Masking gun control
New police training puts fewer limits on use of force
New poll of #MSSen: Steep climb for a Tea Party challenger
New poll shows Tillis in lead a month ahead of GOP primary (23% in 8 person race)
New priority for immigration reform
New private terminal at Newark Airport for upscale travelers
New push for limits on Washington power
New quake shakes Nicaragua; nation on alert
New record for S&P 500, Dow just misses
New regs for Thursday: School lunch program to cost $16.4B
New regulations for oil on rail cars to come in 2015
New report says millions of women at risk of falling into poverty, economic ruin
New report shows the “vegan” lifestyle is just another liberal lie
New revelations about mom killed by Capitol cops
New robot cops tackle traffic congestion
New role shows pope’s high praise for Cardinal Sean O’Malley
New rules announced to ensure safety of infant formula
New scam targets Netflix subscribers
New species of lobster discovered off the coast of South Africa is named after Nelson Mandela
New statue dedicated in honor of S. Korean 'comfort women'
New study adds to evidence that mammograms do not save lives.
New study challenges theories on Easter Island collapse
New study shows NSA phone metadata can reveal EVERYTHING about your life
New study suggests global warming decreases storm activity and extreme weather
New study: Family-friendly, faith-based and patriotic films are dominating the box office
New superconductor theory may revolutionize electrical engineering
New surveillance system for Royal Navy aircraft carriers
New tax law to stop “cash accounting,” cost farmers big money
New tech honcho for Obama health care website
New tests confirm Lake Minnetonka canoe is 1,000 years old
New to trap shooting, need scatter-gun advice
New tool from “Catholics Come Home” helps Catholics make a good confession
New translation of Hebrew text reveals legend of Ark of the Covenant
New type of microengine using internal combustion of hydrogen and oxygen
New video of Hawaii sea plane crash
New video shows chaotic scene that led to the asiana plane crash victim being run over
New year means new challenges for health care law
New year on board the Akademik Shokalskiy - video
New ‘impossible to ignore’ climate data spin initiative announced by the White House (other NGO;s)
New “Bible Storyteller” app for children out ... and it's free
New “red line”: Obama vows there’ll be consequences if people “step over the line” in Ukraine
New:Newer;Newest:Missing plane: Piracy Theory Gains More Credence
Newark after Booker: City faces takeover threat (NJ)
Newark marchers honor Mandela's legacy and urge others to take up struggle
NewarkGate: How Sen. Cory Booker’s Friends Made Out Like Bandits
Newborn baby found alive in apartment dumpster in SE Houston
Newborn baby’s smell is as addictive as drugs or food: study
Newest Climate Change Victim: Fish Are Being Stunted by Warmer Oceans
Newfound pink world lurks at solar system fringes
Newly appointed Pueblo, Colo. bishop promises to give his all
Newly-Passed Farm Bill's Costs Ballooning Despite Food Stamp Cuts
Newlywed gets 30 years in husband murder case
Newlyweds 'Just Wanted to Murder Someone Together'
News 12 Special Report: 'Hooked on Heroin'
News Anchor Completely Loses It For The Best Possible Reason - Must See!
News Anchor Removes Wig After Beating Breast Cancer
News Corp Boss Brands Washington Post Journalists 'High Priests'
News Of The Weird
News Releases Senators Murray and Cantwell’s Statement on President Visit to SR530 Slide Area
News and information goes from top down to bottom up
News crew pepper-sprayed, robbed in S.F. Mission
News dump: CMS official in charge of HealthCare.gov retiring
News you won't be hearing about Michelle Obama's China junket
News: The real story you're not hearing about the Atlanta Ice Down
NewsBusters Interview: Dana Gioia on Christian Retreat from the Culture
NewsBusters Interview: Rediscovering the Old Hollywood Right
NewsReal - Week of 1/12/2014
NewsReal – The News Not Reported (Week Ending 1/25/2014)
NewsReal – The News Not Reported (Week Ending 2/1/2014)
NewsReal – The News Not Reported (Week Ending 2/8/2014)
NewsReal – The News Not Reported (Week ending 1/18/2014)- SATIRE (Updated)
Newsbusters: Our Noel Sheppard Passed Away
Newspaper Conglomerate Considers Database of Gun Owners
Newspaper Removes 'Socialist' Description of Accused Arapahoe High School Shooter
Newspaper boss says gun permit database idea was misfire
Newspaper chain plans 'state-by-state' concealed weapon databases
Newspaper confirms former Air Force Academy cadet's OSI account
Newspeak Spoken Here
Newt Gingrich Surprised by Conservative 'Hostility' Against Honoring Nelson Mandela
Newt Gingrich's Plan to Stave Off the Apocalypse
Newt Gingrich: What Would You Have Done? Nelson Mandela and American Conservatives
Newt Gingrich: Why I Became Catholic
Newtown Activists Call For Change As Gun Trade Show Opens
Newtown anniversary: US schools keep trying wrong fixes...
Newtown gunman's dad opens up in magazine article
Newtown releases 911 calls showing anguish and tension inside Sandy Hook
Newtown residents want gunman's house torn down
Newtown to media: Stay away on anniversary
Newtown to release 911 calls from school shooting
Next Big Obamacare Shock May Come at Tax Time
Next Dont ask, dont tell....
Next Polar Plunge Could Be Winter's Coldest
Next SpaceX Falcon 9 Rocket Gets Landing Legs for March Blastoff to Space Station – Says Elon Musk
Next Weekend, House Republicans Collaborate With Left-Wing Interests Against Conservatives
Next for pension reform: Chicago (only $29 billion in the hole)
Next phase in Iran talks 'will be very difficult,' Kerry says
Next problem for Obamacare: deadbeat enrollees
Next time a Democrat says the economy is doing great show them this...
Next time a lib says burning the American flag is free speech test their hypocrisy w/this question
Next time someone says there's no "i" in "team" remind them who the president is...
Next time, Obama can prevent embarrassing himself & America by drawing wisdom from Thatcher
Nexus 7
Niagara Falls comes to a halt AGAIN
Nicaragua Earthquake: 6.1-Magnitude Quake Hits Nation
Nicaragua shaken by second earthquake (6.6)
Nice Job… SEIU Gets Whole Chicago Restaurant Fired After Minimum Wage Protests
Nice, But Not Enough: WaPo's Kessler Gives 'Four Pinocchios' to Dems' Koch Bros. Ad Claim
Nicholas Eberstadt: Time for the 'Never Agains' on North Korea
Nick Clegg and Nigel Farage get personal over EU in BBC debate (Farage wins 68-27 in debate poll)
Nick Clegg and Nigel Farage set for EU radio debate
Nicolas Cage Slams Film Critics, Fame, Defends Bill Clinton
Nicolas Maduro Appoints Sean Penn 'spokesman' for dialogue with EU [Takes "selfie" w/butcher]
Nicotine, the Wonder Drug?
Nigella is barred from U.S. over drug confession: Domestic Goddess turned back at Heathrow..
Nigeria Plans Nuclear Power For Development (arms race?)
Nigeria Wields Law and Whip to ‘Sanitize’ Gays
Nigeria begins arrests after anti-gay law passed
Nigeria school raid 'leaves dozens dead'
Nigeria violence: Many die as militants destroy village
Nigeria's Boko Haram targets Christian town and fishing village in latest attacks
Nigeria: Enraged Muslims set fire to Catholic church-Cairo: Muslim Brotherhood Slaughters Christian
Nigeria: Hundreds Flock to Sunday Mass Despite Terrorist Attack
Nigeria: Muslim hacks daughter to death with machete for converting to Christianity
Nigerian Bishop Tells of Church 'Slaughter' in Adamawa
Nigerian Catholics risk violence, lives to attend Mass (Obama's Sons in action)
Nigerian Islamists kill 18, burn houses in northeast
Nigerian Pastor Tries to Walk on Water Like Jesus, Then Drowns in Front of His Congregation
Nigerian cardinal criticizes role of sharia, says Muslim leaders must ‘rein in their mad dogs’
Nigerian child bride forced into marriage poisons meal, kills groom and 3 others: Police
Nigerian leader signs anti-gay law, drawing U.S. fire
Night vision scope "generations" ???
Nightline Lets Democrats Open Fire on Christie, Touts 'Alleged Abusive Behavior'
Nightmare Averted! Sandra Fluke Won’t Be Representing Me In Congress
Nightmare Scenarios: What If Batman And Superman Had Been Millennials?
Nikkei dips 610 pts to 14,008 at close
Nikki Haley's Gun Gift Fires Up Debate
Nikki Haley: Unions Aren't Welcome In South Carolina
Nikon Asked to Halt All D600 Sales in China After Scathing Nationally Televised Exposé
Nine American Cities Where Wealth Is Soaring
Nine Countries That Hate America Most
Nine Inch Nails Saw The Fascist Future of the USA
Nine Retailers Closing the Most Stores
Nine Ways To Be More Self-Sufficient (Even If You Live In The City), by K. Sowell
Nine Years after Kelo, the Seized Land Is Empty
Nine in 10 babies born in parts of Britain have a foreign parent
Nine new Qumran scrolls discovered
Nine problems with the movie "Noah"
Nine things you didn't know about Pajama Boy!
Nine-month pregnant mother raped and killed with lethal injection of heroin by man she met on Craigs
Nine-year-old boy chained to a tree, stripped and whipped by his father in freezing 5C temperatures
Nintendo slashes 2014 sales forecast for Wii U from 9 million to 2.8 million
Ninth Circuit Makes Hawaii a Shall-Issue State
Ninth Circuit Strikes Down CA Law Restricting Concealed Carry
Ninth Circuit eliminates CCW reason for "Need"
Ninth Circuit strikes California’s restrictive rule against licensed carry of handguns
Ninth Circuit: The Second Amendment guarantees the right to carry a gun in public
Ninth Circus Court Orders Google to Remove Anti-Muslim Movie from YouTube
Nittany Lions Claim Fourth-Straight NCAA Title [wrestling]
Nitwit 911 call: 'My waffles aren't cooked'
No "sex offender" here; SC man awarded $890,000
No Accounting for Government Cost
No Animals Were Harmed
No Charges for Caballero in Shooting of Burglar[South Texas}
No Charges to be Filed in Vicious Beating of Pleasanton Father David Lamont
No Christmas spirit in the West Bank: Israeli journalists banned from celebrations
No Country for Liberal Republicans
No Danger In Eating Pacific Ocean Fish Despite Fukushima Disaster, USC Professor Says
No Excuse For Republicans To Cave And Grant Amnesty
No Extremists Here
No Fear: US athletes arriving at Sochi Games feel safe, secure amid terror threats to Olympics
No Federal Water For Farmers; Officials Mulling ‘Legality’ Of Mandatory Rationing
No Free Lunch After All!
No Health Insurance, no problem!
No Holds Barred: Is Europe lost to Israel?
No Janet Yellen, The Economy Is NOT “Getting Better”
No Jews Or Dogs Allowed
No Jobs for Men With 'Weird' Haircuts in Saudi
No Lipstick is Big Enough to Cover Up the Export-Import Bank Pig
No Love for Obama as Approval Ratings Hit Record Low in New Poll
No Man for Himself, And The Devil Take Most - American people vs. American government
No Material Poverty in the U.S
No Mentions of Conservatives/GOP in Networks' Coverage of Latest ObamaCare 'Fix'
No Minimum-Wage Free Lunch: CBO says 500,000 jobs will be eliminated as minimum wage increases
No More Bare-Handed Food Handling in California. Even You, Sushi Chefs
No More Excuses (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
No More Girl Scout Cookies for Me Until They Stop Supporting Planned Parenthood
No More Poor...Not a Dream
No More Sanctions, No More War (Pat Buchanan on Iran Bill)
No One Will Like This Piece
No One is Born Gay (or Straight): Here Are 5 Reasons Why
No Payment System? No Problem
No Place for Dissent in Andrew Cuomo's New York
No Political Fix to America’s Death Spiral
No Pumpkin for Putin in Ukraine: Reluctant Marriage With Russians
No Racism, No Sexism: Just Dancing in Obama's Judgment Free Zone.
No Replacement, No Vote - From Article:" The speaker isn't to be trusted"
No Reporters on Michelle Obama's Trip to China
No Room for Factionists to Live in: News Analyst (N. Korean commentary on recent purge)
No Room for Spending Cuts? How About Government Employee Trips to the Caribbean?
No Room in Polite Society for Anti-Catholic Contempt
No Science, No Logic and No Morality: Atheism.(this is the challenge we face)
No Slice for You: How Rockaway Beach Got Its Very Own Pizza Nazi
No TSA Patdowns for Muslim Brotherhood Members Traveling to US
No Towel Service? Dem. Bruce Braley Complains About Doing Own Laundry (Iowa)
No Ukraine Accord In Russia-US Talks (As Expected Alert)
No Universities have Joined ASA Boycott (of Israel)
No WFSB crews will be in Newtown Dec. 14
No Way Zaharie Will Sabotage Flight, Say Colleagues
No answer on ‘Closer’ scandal
No brainer: Three reasons why a $10.10 minimum wage is good for America(Barf Alert)
No charges filed against FSU’s Winston
No discharge petition on immigration?
No evidence Al Qaeda or terror groups had any involvement in Benghazi consulate attack
No excuses for priestly child abuse
No firearms policy at Toby Keith restaurant draws ire of gun rights advocates
No fourth White House run for Jerry Brown
No global warming for 17 years, 6 months
No jail for rich ‘affluenza’ teen, Ethan Couch, after deadly wreck: judge
No jobs, no economy, no prospects for peace or life in US
No matter how hard the Democrats wish it weren't so, Christie is finished He won't get the GOP nod
No meat at ‘Noah’ party
No more dead parrots - Global-warming fans spend a frozen Christmas in Antarctica
No more entries, this is the best fundraising email of 2014
No one likes Obamacare
No pants subway ride 2014: Commuters drop their pants across the world
No release for Conn. teen caught in hospital dispute
No room for 'Nyet' in Ukraine's Crimea vote to join Russia
No sign of expansion at plant where UAW dealt loss
No space, no books, no clue at NYC’s worst elementary school
No special prosecutor for IRS scandal: Here’s the back story
No surgery for former Bills QB Kelly for cancer
No tailgating at Super Bowl
No, "Don't Ban the Bossy" Word
No, 2.1 million haven't enrolled in Obamacare plans
No, 30,000 Alaskans Did Not Sign a Petition to Join Russia
No, Arizona Bill Protecting Religious Freedom is Not “Jim Crow”
No, Death Isn't 'Too Good' for Tsarnaev
No, Florida's Stand Your Ground Law Did Not Determine Either Zimmerman or Dunn Cases
No, Google Isn’t The Far Right’s Sugar Daddy
No, Gov. Brownback, Cruz didn't violate Reagan's 11th commandment
No, House Republicans haven't voted 50 times to repeal Obamacare
No, Jay Carney. 'Freedom' is not just a 'Certain Buzzword'
No, Kim Jong Un probably didn’t feed his uncle to 120 hungry dogs
No, Mr. Obama, we don’t dislike you because you’re black
No, Mr. President, The State of Our Union is Not Strong!
No, Mr. President, drought and climate change aren't linked
No, President Obama, I will not purchase Obamacare!
No, The Heritage Foundation Is Not Shifting On Immigration
No, There Won’t Be a Doctor Shortage
No, You Can't Keep Your Drugs Either Under Obamacare
No, global warming did NOT cause the storms, says one of the Met Office's most senior experts
No, no, not again, Mitt Romney says: But supporters and pundits keep chatter of a 2016 run alive
No, really — Harry Reid still says if you like your plan you can keep it (Video)
No, the 'College Bubble' Isn't Popping
No, the Tea Party Should NOT Avoid Social Issues
No, you don’t have to sign up for Obamacare
No, ‘Niggardly’ Isn’t the N-Word
No-Fly List Takes Bizarre Turn- Gov't Puts Witness On List, Denies Having Done So
No. 3 DOJ Official Praises Al Sharpton
Noah Set to Flip the Biblical Script: Film places animals above human beings
Noah a la Hollywood
Noah epic awash in flood of controversy for green agenda and taking liberties with Bible
Noah is the Most Unpopular Movie in Current Release (Despite Topping the Box Office)
Noah – The Emperor’s New Movie (The Utter Embarrassing Mess of ‘Noah’)
Noah's Ark 'Was a Massive Double-Decker Coracle'
Noah's Ark Project in Ky. to Move Forward
Noah, The Film: All Washed Up
Noah: A Post-Modern Midrash (Review by Fr. Robert Barron)
Noah: Film Review
Noah: Five Negative Features about this Film
Noah: One of the Most Moral Stories Ever Told (Why the Movie won't do it Justice)
Noah: a classic blunder
Noah? I hardly know ya.
Noah’s Ark Lands in Hollywood
Noah’s Ark could have floated with the weight of 70,000 animals inside, researchers calculate
Noah’s Ark would have floated…even with 70,000 animals
Noah–Movie review
Nobama...The Movie! See it here Exclusively on Free Republic
Nobel Nomination Nonsense: The Peace Prize is the most meaningless prize on the planet
Nobel winner: Iran should stop public executions if it wants better EU ties
Nobody’s in Charge
Nod to Life: Best Supporting Actor Thanks Single, High School Dropout Mom
Noelle Singing "Mary Did You Know"
Noise in woman’s head turns out to be maggots eating her brain
Nominee to Be Next Ambassador to China: 'I'm No Real Expert on China'
Non-Christians Given 'Special Consideration' In Union Teacher Contract
Non-citizens caught voting in 2012 presidential election in key swing state (Ohio)
Non-specialists can Create and Print 3-D Models
Noonan: Mr. Putin's Revealing Speech
Noonan: The Sleepiness of a Hollow Legend (Pres. Sham-Wow SOU speech)
Noose tied on Ole Miss integration statue
NorCal Couple Finds $10M In Gold Coins; May Be Greatest Buried Treasure Ever Found In U.S.
Nordic Grog Is Latest of Dogfish Head's Ancient Brews
Norman Reedus: 'No Ego' On 'Walking Dead' Set.
Norman Rockwell family calls Deborah Solomon's Rockwell bio 'fiction'
Norman Rockwell work sets auction record for American painting
Norman Rockwell's Family Says Book on Late Artist Riddled with Errors
North Adams hospital shutting down, 530 to lose jobs (Massachusetts)
North America to Drown in Oil as Mexico Ends Monopoly
North America’s real energy superpower. (Hint: it’s not Canada)
North Atlantic Council statement on the situation in Ukraine
North Carolina Endorsement (Rand Paul email)
North Carolina NAACP President William Barber leads Moral March on Raleigh (80,000 libs)
North Carolina elementary school rewards black student with Confederate hat
North Carolina judge rules Possum Drop can take place as planned on New Year's Eve
North Carolina man will spend all of eternity in a Duke's Mayonnaise jar
North Carolina probes possible double voting
North Carolina ultrasound abortion law ruled illegal by judge
North Dakota Cow Thief Is First American Arrested, Jailed With Drone’s Help
North Dakota Is Most-Trusted State; Illinois Is Least
North Dakota Leads in Job Creation for Fifth Straight Year: Rhode Island has lowest Job Creation
North Dakota oil rail shipments expected to spike
North Dakota poised for another hiring blitz
North Dakota to Let Man in Same-Sex Marriage Wed Woman, Too (Bigamy OK'ed)
North Dakota wants you: New campaign seeks to fill 20,000 jobs
North Florida Coed Wins Second Amendment Victory
North Hollywood Landlord Insists Her Tenants Have Pets — Or Move
North Korea 'Executes Official With Flamethrower'
North Korea 'is capable of striking U.S. with a nuclear electromagnetic pulse attack'
North Korea 2014 meets Rome AD 65
North Korea Appears to Ape NASA with Space Agency Logo
North Korea Mandates Students Get Same Haircut as Kim Jong-un
North Korea May Be Making Fuel for a Nuclear Reactor and It's No Joke
North Korea Shock: Newborn Infants Are Murdered While Mothers Forced to Watch
North Korea envoy warns on US-South Korea military exercise
North Korea executes Kim Jong Un's uncle
North Korea explodes myth of Kim dynasty
North Korea fires 2 missiles as its rivals meet
North Korea issues threat to South Korea to ‘strike mercilessly without notice’—by FAX
North Korea pays tribute to Mandela
North Korea purges Kim Jong Un’s powerful uncle
North Korea sends fax threatening to strike South Korea 'without notice'
North Korea to reportedly execute 200 officials believed loyal to Kim Jong-un uncle
North Korea's Kim warned he might face charges over atrocities
North Korea's special forces comprise 200,000 soldiers
North Korea: Students required to get Kim Jong-un haircut
North Korean Businessmen In China Called Back By Pyongyang Following Jang Song Thaek Execution
North Korean Emperor wages bloody purges
North Korean Execution Method Sparks Controversy
North Korean Leader Has Perfect NCAA Bracket
North Korean Tyrant Kim Jong-Un to Execute 33 Christians
North Korean and Iranian Nuclear Weapons programs coming to Special Economic Zones?
North Korean army minister 'executed with mortar round'
North Korean leader fed uncle to starving dogs, report says
North Korean leader's uncle 'executed over corruption'
North Korea’s Kim Jong-un Forces Women to Drown Their Babies, Have Abortions
North Korea’s Kim Jong-un forced mothers to drown newborn babies: U.N. report
North Mpls. Family’s Front Door Kicked Down, Presents Stolen
North Philadelphia meeting addresses gentrification (White people destroying neighborhoods)
North Texas Does NOT Need Anymore RINO's!
North, South Korea exchange fire across disputed western sea border, Seoul says
Northampton Community College students debate merits of stand-your-ground laws
Northeast and Mid-Atlantic power prices react to winter freeze and natural gas constraints
Northeastern U. Suspends ‘Students for Justice in Palestine’
Northern Gateway pipeline approved by panel with 209 conditions
Northern Idaho Woman Sues Over Warantless Search
Northern Lights Down South? Tonight Could Be ‘Best Time in Years’ to See Aurora Borealis in Britain
Northrop Grumman’s F/A-18 Super Hornet could face fate similar to Boeing’s C-17
Northwestern (University in Chicago) players start union movement in college athletics
Northwestern University football players want to join union
Northwestern players get union vote
Northwestern's Union Ploy: Could it End Womens' College Athletics
Norway Giant N.Sea Oil Project Could Face Delay Over Power Plan
Norway in danger from Syria jihadis
Norwegian Christians Ask Forgiveness from Israel
Norwegian Islamist refused referee licence
Norwegian Police: Boy Driver, 10, Claimed to Be a Dwarf
Norwegian Skydiver Almost Gets Hit by Falling Meteor — and Captures it on Film
Nostalgia, The Good Old Days – Who Needs Them?
Not A Good Enough Obamacare Fix
Not All Presidents Deserve to be Celebrated
Not Enough Hate Crimes? Make Them Up
Not Enough to Boycott A&E; You Have to Cancel Your Cable
Not Establishment Press News: Two Large Unions' Deep Dissatisfaction With Obamacare
Not Even Trying Anymore: White House Blames Bush for Weak Economic Data in 2014
Not Even Wrong About Russia: We have to understand what the ruckus is all about
Not Getting What We Pay For
Not Just Health-Care,GOP Can Run On Democrats Handing Internet To Russia&China.
Not Just Hillary's Age A Setback,How Will She Handpick Her Rally Crowds?,Only The Uninformed?
Not Paying Union Dues, in Michigan
Not Pretty: 2013 Legislative Roundup
Not Ready for Hillary
Not Safe To Display American Flag In American High School
Not Safe to Display American Flag in American High School (9th Circuit)
Not So Criminal Minds: Government Convicts People Who Do Not Knowingly Commit Crimes
Not Trying to Ban Guns – Except When We Are
Not Your Father’s Cold War
Not a Wreak
Not a single Ukrainian specialized school will be closed down in Sevastopol
Not a ‘Bogus’ Benghazi Connection (Muhammad Jamal al Kashef; Thomas Joscelyn nails it)
Not an upgrade – rebirth (Israeli Kfir fighter)
Not fair for MSNBC to fire staffer, whose tweet merely reflects most of their programming
Not finest hour for parties involved in Gates Four Shooting
Not just the NSA: US spies rent a Jerusalem hotel suite to watch a secret Israeli site
Not quite a 918 Spyder, is it? First ever Porsche is revealed as a wooden crate..
Not so fast, there, Meryl Streep: Did you know that that Walt Disney was a misogynistic Jew-hater?
Not so nifty: Taxpayers chip in on gift for first lady, who turns 50
Not sure if this graphic about Homer Simpson being in congress is a joke or an explanation...
Not terror? 4 dead, 16 hurt at Fort Hood
Not to Go All Lenin on You, But: What Is To Be Done? Follow the Money!, That’s What.
Not who’s ahead, but who’s going to to run?
Not your usual auction — tanks, a missile launcher, armored personnel carriers up for sale.
Note left for female pilot: Cockpit 'no place for a woman'
Notebook: Obamas, Bushes in close quarters (Barf Alert)
Noted SF activist pleads guilty to child porn
Nothing Funny About Anchorman 2
Nothing Is Wrong with Satanism, You Bigot
Nothing Works! But Secretary Sebelius Says You're "Thrilled" with Your Choices
Nothing but a Child
Nothing in War on Ford has worked so far
Nothing less than the fate of the United States rests on this decision
Nothing to see here! MSM silent after Alabama Dem calls Clarence Thomas ‘Uncle Tom’
Nothing to see here, move along: Just your regular mob of rampaging teenagers
Nothing to see in Ukraine - Uncontested Arrivals: Dim Sum Won, all day long.
Notice Anything Strange About the Photos of the Men Who Used Stolen Passports...?
Notorious DUer Will Pitt Turns Angrily Against Obamacare
Notorious leader of Ukraine’s protests shot dead. Circumstances are in dispute.
Notre Dame Complies With Contraception Mandate
Notre Dame President: ‘Creation of the GLBTQ Group Is a Big Step Forward’ Towards Priority…
Notre Dame of Maryland University announces three finalists for president
Notre Dame of Maryland University names Yam its 14th president
Notre Dame professor: Hey, maybe the Pope should rethink abortion
Notre Dame student passes out after allegedly breaking into spa to eat Hot Pockets
Novak memoir written from crass superficial thinking
Novecento Co-Founder Hector Rolotti Missing in India (Jumped in Ganges to Save Someone)
Novecento Co-Founder Hector Rolotti's Body Found in Ganges (Jumped In To Rescue Woman)
November 12, 2012: George P. Bush Is Ready to Save the GOP
November 17, 2013 KVOA: Hundreds of undocumented immigrants captured at southern Arizona military po
November 24th Nuke "deal" with Iran to start to begin to become effective on January 20th
November Payrolls Rise By 203K, Higher Than Expected; Unemployment Rate Drops To 7.0%
Now All Can See Why Obama & Christie Get Along SO Damn Well!
Now Boris and No 10 join forces to defend Gove over Blackadder... (WW I)
Now Chris Christie faces federal probe over using $4.7 MILLION of Sandy funds (shortened title)
Now Disney Can Track Your Every Move with NSA-Style Wristbands
Now Gun Grabbers are known as “Gun Safety Advocates”
Now Is the Winter of Our Discontent
Now It's a Trifecta
Now Obama gets 'executive power' czar
Now Playing: The Hillary Distraction Scam
Now THIS is what I call a home security system!
Now That Obama Is Allowing Chicken From China, What Will That Do To The Chicken Industry?
Now They Tell Us… Sebelius Admits Health Care Premiums Will Increase Under Obamacare
Now They're Suing Churches
Now U.S. copper mines under attack
Now We Have Greg Abbott 'Wheelchair Truthers'
Now You Can't Trust Anyone Over 60
Now former coach Barry Switzer says he'd 'never recruit a white quarterback'
Now here's a bumper sticker I could literally get behind supporting...
Now is the time for Congress to delay 'onerous burden' of HHS mandate
Now it's Jason Conger's turn to get some national attention in Oregon GOP Senate race
Now it's getting silly: 'Fish Bowl' to air opposite Super Bowl
Now it’s dog rape. When Obama became president, did a door to Hell open?
Now schools are told to give free morning-after pills and condoms to teenage girls…(UK)
Now that he’s retiring, top Democrat lawmaker admits Obamacare won’t work
Now that the ‘Ship of Fools’ is safe in Antarctica, tough questions need to be asked
Now the chemical snip! Male pill works like a vasectomy - but will girls trust men to take it?
Now we have real evidence – sexual abuse is not a ‘Catholic problem’
Now we know why Rand Paul has endorsed Mitch McConnell (Vanity)
Now you done it…
Now: It's Detroit's Turn (Shortened)
Now’s the Time to See Asteroid Pallas at its Best
Nuclear Gangbangers Have Upper Hand on Global Police
Nuclear Propulsion in Space (1968...NERVA)
Nuclear Terrorist Threat Looms On Our Southern Border
Nuclear Waste: Energy Department proposes to kill multi-billion dollar nuclear fuel plant
Nuclear Weapons 101: How to launch a weapon of mass destruction
Nuclear fusion hits energy milestone
Nuclear fusion project takes key step in lab test
Nuclear lessons in Ukraine: Russia's weapons expose Washington's weakness.
Nuclear test experts to check if plane exploded
Nude Activists Get Married, Arrested At San Francisco City Hall
Nude pictures of Carla Bruni let hackers access diplomatic PCs
Nugent Nukes CNN - 2/24/2014 (He Blasts his Critics and more)
Nugent Takes Credit for Piers Morgan’s “*** Thrown Out” at CNN – Warns Lemon & Blitzer They’re Next
Nugent: Obama ‘Really Wants to Destroy America’
Number 4: CEO of American Title Found Dead With Self Inflicted Nail Gun Wounds
Number of Able-Bodied Adults Without Dependents on Food Stamps Doubles
Number of Americans who don't believe in climate change rises
Number of Minnesota handgun permits issued almost double in 2013
Number of Obamacare sign-ups is greatly inflated [a churn operation]
Number of Orthodox Christians, Muslims, grows in Russia
Number of children dying in Afghan violence increases, as Taliban bombs hit civilians
Number of hurricanes reaches 30-year low
Number of people listed as missing in Washington state landslide rises to 176
Numbers Don't Lie: It's a Tough Year for Democrats
Nun Faces Backlash for Criticizing Homosexuality to Catholic School Students
Nun UNDER The Bus
Nun says repair of Hebrew scroll helped deepen Jewish-Catholic ties
Nun who gave birth in Italy 'unaware of pregnancy'
Nun, 84, Gets 3 Years for Breaking Into Uranium Locker
Nunn gets boost from Lugar's PAC
Nuns get partial win in contraception fight (they don't need to comply with a part of Husseincare)
Nurse Quits Abortion Industry After Baby Born Alive, Left to Die
Nurse accused attempted murder 'for injecting FECES into husband's IV after heart surgery'
Nurses union plans to picket at Howard University Hospital after negotiations turn sour
Nursing home hired strippers for patients: suit
Nutrients in food vital to location of early human settlements: The original 'Palaeo-diet'
Nutrition labels getting a makeover [Obama Invades Piggly Wiggly]
Nvidia and IBM unveil NVLink interconnect between CPUs and GPUs....2016 ... 5x-12x
Nye vs Ham; Evolution vs Creation debate review by Dr. Mohler
Nye vs. Ham Debate: No True Scotsman
O Tannenbaum, or, “Doing That Christmas Hand Jive.”
O'Malley seeks answers from DHS on immigration program
O'Reilly Bets Dinner With Carville That (still exempt LA RAT) Sen. Landrieu Will Lose
O'Reilly Interviews Obama, Obama Quickly Gets Irritated
O'Reilly Tells Obama He Didn't Need Student Loans: 'That's Who I Am'
O-Care 'fix' extends to bare-bones plans (I thought these were garbage plans?)
O-Care premiums to skyrocket (according to non-partisan publication)
O-Care premiums to skyrocket (w/ massive political implications)
O-Care will cost 2.5M workers by 2024 (slowing growth, contributing to job losses-CBO)
O-Kay ... Radio Lib Mike Malloy Warns That Capitalism is 'Murdering Everything and Everybody'
O.C. Tet Parade Won't Ban Gays, Community Decides [Gays Muscle Their Way Into Asian Culture!]
O.J. Simpson 'is undergoing tests for BRAIN CANCER and is begging Obama to pardon him so he can....'
O.J. Simpson begs Obama: Free me; I’m dying from brain cancer
OBAMA 'SUB PAR' POSTERS SPOTTED NEAR PGA TOURNEY
OBAMA ADMIN PRESSURING JUSTICE SOTOMAYOR TO ALLOW CONTRACEPTION MANDATE
OBAMA CORRUPTION CONTINUES
OBAMA GIVES ROSARY BLESSED BY POPE FRANCIS TO NANCY PELOSI
OBAMA JUST NOW On CNN: "Putin Will Realize He Is On The Wrong Side Of History!"
OBAMA PROCLAIMS: Officially Happy Hour with the Democratic Party
OBAMA THE BILL-KILLER (O/Care debacle breeds minefield of distrust)
OBAMA WANTS TO SUSPEND SUSPENSIONS
OBAMA'S NEWS POLICE
OBAMA, MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD ENABLER
OBAMA: "Not Going To Be Waiting For Legislation... I Can Use That Pen To Sign Executive Orders"
OBAMA: Paul Ryan's Budget Plan Is A 'Stinkburger'
OBAMACARE
OBAMACARE ABORTION MANDATE ON THE ROPES AT SUPREME COURT
OBAMACARE DOC SHOCK: CHILDREN LOSE THEIR DOCTORS
OBAMACARE IDENTITY THEFT REPORTED IN VIRGINIA
OBAMACARE LAWSUIT FROM HOUSTON MOVING FORWARD
OBAMACARE PATIENTS DENIED ACCESS TO DOCTORS, HOSPITALS, CANCER CENTERS
OBAMACARE REAL ENROLLMENT: JUST 1.7% OF UNINSURED COVERED
OBAMACARE was Deliberately Designed to Fail
OBAMACARE, A GREAT HOAX OR JUST BAD MEDICINE?
OBAMACARE? WHAT OBAMACARE? (Dem Candidates running scared.)
OBAMASCARE: Huge premium hikes rock employer-insured workers
OBAMA’ RAP VIDEO ENCOURAGES INDIVIDUALS TO SIGN UP FOR HEALTH CARE ‘CAUSE IT’S HOT’
OBAMA’S RASPUTIN - Valerie Jarrett’s Influence on Obama
OBAMA’S ROAD TO SERFDOM
OBITUARY: Born into riches, Edgar Bronfman grew into philanthropy
OBSERVATION OR INPATIENT
OC [California] Woman Sues Police For Not Responding To Teen Son’s Suicide Threat
OCare exit strategy brings endless waits on hold: If you thought signing up was hard, try canceling
ODESSA IS CAPTURED BY RED ARMY; U.S. FLIERS RIP INVASION DEFENSES (4/11/44)
OFA Video Teaches Parents How to Inject Obamacare into Christmas Dinner
OFA Year-End Immigration List Thanks Paul Ryan, John McCain for Helping Amnesty(backstabber alert)
OFA trolls tea party with ‘Don’t Tread on My Obamacare’ bumper sticker
OH Bill Would Require Parents to Undergo State Investigation Before Homeschooling
OH NO! Obama may have to cut third vacation THIS YEAR ...
OH: Suspect Shot by Homeowner During Burglary Attempt
OH:Homeowner Fires Gun At Suspect During Home Invasion
OH:Niles man testifies about firing shot that killed intruder
OH:Self Defense Shooter's Gun Ordered Returned after 18 Months
OH:Suspected robber shot dead during Cleveland home invasion identified by medical examiner
OH:West Toledo homeowner shoots would-be burglar
OHIO OFFICIALS DO SOMETHING WITH CHRISTIAN CROSSES AFTER ATHEISTS’ LAWSUIT THREAT
OIC chief praises pope’s efforts to revitalize interfaith dialogue
OIL FRACKING LEASES Reason For Bundy Ranch Fiasco in Nevada NOT 'Desert Tortoise!
OK Mr Robinson and Admins come CLEAN with us, What Broke?
OK to Feel Sorry
OK, new laptop with Windows 8.1 -- Bring on the advice (LOL ducking)
OK:Homeowners awake to security alarm, find 2 suspects attempting break-in; homeowner fires
OK:Police: Tulsa Homeowner Shoots At Burglar In His Home
OK:Reform of Gun Restrictions in Parking Lots Passes House
OK:Reward Poster Contains Elements of Advertisement for Glock
OKCupid CEO donated to anti-gay marriage candidate (Why not fire him too?)
OMEN? Pope's Peace Doves of Peace were attacked in January
OMG! Does this picture make Merkel look like Hitler? (Vanity)
ON CAMPUS, SHOULD YOU BE FORCED TO PAY A PRICE FOR FREE SPEECH?
ON PNEUMONIA
ON POVERTY AND UNEMPLOYMENT, IT’S LEFT VERSUS RIGHT
ON THE CAMPAIGN TRAIL With Tea Party Express (SC Richard Cash Podcast)
ONE OF THE GREATEST ACHIEVEMENTS IN HUMAN HISTORY — AND NO ONE IS TALKING ABOUT IT
ONE SOLITARY LIFE
ONE THIRD of Californian town’s police force suspended after officers
ONE in SEVEN New Mexico Obamacare Navigators Is Listed in FBI’s Crime Database
ONLINE EXTRA: Germantown Hwy. 41/45 pileup [WI interstate hwy]
OPINION: 17 Million Reasons to Raise the Minimum Wage
OPINION: Pope Francis Is the Catholic Church's Obama - God Help Us
OR Obamacare Online Enrollment System Still Doesn’t Work 3 Months After It Was Supposed To Launch
OR:Mass Shooting Stoped by Armed Citizen
OSCARS: ‘12 Years A Slave’ Telling Voters “It’s Time” – But How Will It Resonate?
OSCE observer mission in Ukraine
OSCE team blocked from entering Crimea
OSIMINT Monitor Russia to deploy Tu-22M3 ‘Backfire’ bombers to Crimea
OUT & ABOUT: My Part In The Knockout Game
OVER 150 FROZEN SHARKS FOUND ALONG GULF COAST AS WINTER STORM HITS REGION
OVER HALF JOBS ADDED IN DECEMBER WERE TEMPORARY
OVERNIGHT HEALTH: Obama hits new low on healthcare
OY VEY: Obamacare Causes Spike in Small Group Premiums, Colorado’s Increase 29%
Oakland man says he's victim of 'Knockout Game'
Oakland officer's video after girl's death shown as evidence
Oakland schools' mission to end child trafficking
Oath to be Administered to Franciscans of the Immaculate
Obama & Clinton - Accomplices to Murder???
Obama & OFA: politics,humor“Your enemies would become my enemies. And then, they would fear you.”
Obama & Putin - Trapped In Macho Game Of “Chicken” Over Ukraine - Whole World Could Pay The Price
Obama 'Jobs Recovery’ More Than 100 Million Not Working
Obama 'chronically incapable' of military strategy & 'clueless about what he wants to do'
Obama 'hijacks' tech executive meeting to make 'PR pitch' on Obamacare instead of NSA surveillance
Obama 's poll numbers are amazing !
Obama 2007: "...we've seen an unnacceptable abuse of power at home." [GWB use of Exec. Orders]
Obama @ Saddleback Church -Defines Marriage (Flashback!)
Obama Abandons Friends Abroad in Hopes of Appeasing Foes
Obama Acolyte, Facebook Founder, Shocked By Spying
Obama Adds Over $500 Billion In New Debt in Just Three Months Under McConnell’s Blank Check
Obama Admin Announces 'Retroactive' Obamacare Subsidies
Obama Admin Delaying ACA Employer Mandate & Regulating Workforce Size - Napolitano The Kelly File
Obama Admin Pressures Insurers to Provide Coverage Before Getting Paid
Obama Admin Tells Supreme Court: Force Hobby Lobby to Obey HHS Mandate
Obama Admin Told Catholic Nuns They Must Offer Free Abortion Drugs
Obama Admin to IDF Generals: Stop Being So Concerned About Israel’s Security
Obama Admin's School Guidelines Criticized by Legal, Education Experts
Obama Administration About to Give "Kill As Many Eagles as You Want" Pass to Wind Farms
Obama Administration Announces Nationwide Muslim Outreach Program For Children Grades K-12 (Satire)
Obama Administration Doesn't Care Whether You Work Or Not
Obama Administration Embeds "Government Researchers" To Monitor Media Organizations
Obama Administration Extends Health Care Enrollment Deadline for Some(GOP Ridicules Plan)
Obama Administration Eyes New Obamacare Delay
Obama Administration Guidelines Could Lead to Racial Quotas in School Discipline
Obama Administration Ignores Congress, Changes Immigration Law Again
Obama Administration Knew of Healthcare.gov Security Risks Before Launch (19 vulnerabilities)
Obama Administration Mandates Racism in Schools
Obama Administration Misfires with Foreign and Fiscal Policies, Former Sen. Gregg Says
Obama Administration Mulls 3-Year ObamaCare Exemption
Obama Administration Offers to Help Russia With “Folks Who Want to Cause Mischief” (Video)
Obama Administration Picks Up Another Journalist
Obama Administration Proposes 30-Year Eagle Kill Permits
Obama Administration Proposes Rule Changes to Say HIPAA Does Not Apply to Second Amendment
Obama Administration Releases 68,000 Criminal Illegal Aliens
Obama Administration Secretly Extends Health-Care Enrollment Deadline By a Day
Obama Administration Sees Three Quarters of All U.S. Military Deaths in Afghanistan
Obama Administration Shows Optimism on Iran Nuclear Talks
Obama Administration Takes Aim At Cutting Racial Disparity In School Discipline
Obama Administration To Insurers: There’s No Such Thing As Illegal Immigrants
Obama Administration To Spend $400,000 For A Camel Sculpture In Pakistan
Obama Administration Vs Nuns - Legal Fight Over Contraception Mandate
Obama Administration in Pre-Edited Talking Points: Al Qaeda Behind Benghazi Attack
Obama Administration to Ban Shooting on Public Lands
Obama Administration's Pick to Run Healthcare.gov has History of Government Fraud
Obama Administration’s Plan to Study Newsrooms Is Drawing Plenty of Public Opposition
Obama Admits Trying to Control Media in New Yorker Profile
Obama Admits You Can’t Keep Your Doctor
Obama Admits: You Might Lose Your Doctor Under Obamacare
Obama Advises Audience: "Bend Your Knees So You Don't Faint"
Obama Agenda Promotes Unfairness
Obama Aides: He Didn't Know Extent of NSA Surveillance
Obama And Bill O'Reilly Just Had An Extremely Tense Pre-Super Bowl Interview
Obama Announces Executive Orders to Limit Gun Ownership – US Veterans Hardest Hit
Obama Applauds CVS for Stopping Sales of Cigarettes and Tobacco Products
Obama Approval Down Most Among Hispanics in Past Year (drops 23 percent)
Obama Approval Drops; 76% Want Special Prosecutor for IRS Scandal
Obama Approval PLUNGES Into The 30's In ANOTHER Poll, Dragging Down Senate Dems
Obama Approval Rating Dives In Israel
Obama Asks Court To Make NSA Database Even Bigger
Obama Asks Press to Submit to "Voluntary" FCC Study
Obama Assures Hispanics: Illegal Relatives Won't be Deported Through Obamacare Info
Obama Assures Latinos That Relatives Won’t Get Deported Because They Sign Up for Obamacare
Obama Attended 2 Fundraisers As Deadly Fort Hood Shooting Unfolded
Obama Attends Daughter's Dance Recital as Russia Invades Ukraine
Obama Aunt Who Stayed in U.S. Illegally Dies at 61
Obama Authorizes Sanctions on Russia That 'Could Also Be Disruptive to the Global Economy'
Obama BEGS Progs to Hound Friends + Relatives Into Obamacare Enrollment 'by March 31st'...
Obama Backer Finds First 96 DOCTORS She Contacts Won’t Accept Her New Obamacare Insurance…
Obama Begins ObamaCare PR Tour Amid Fresh Trouble
Obama Blames Conservative Media, Limbaugh and Fox News For Failures...Again
Obama Blasts Fox News In Testy O’Reilly Interview
Obama Blew $120 Billion on Global Warming
Obama Blows Off National Security Meeting to Attend Film Festival
Obama Breaks Glass on Chris Matthews: The Latest in a String of Panicky Decisions
Obama Budget Lays Groundwork for Universal Gun Registry
Obama Budget Proposal Pushes for $750 Million for Universal Preschool
Obama Budget Supersizes U.S. Funding for UN, Global Military
Obama Budget is Rainbows, Butterflies, and Unicorns
Obama Bullying Nuns (Part 1)
Obama Bullying Nuns (Part 2)
Obama Bullying Nuns (Part 3)
Obama Buys Russian Helicopters for Muslim Military With American Money
Obama Calls On Democrats: Get ‘Sexy’ To Win Elections (The Dumbing Down of America......)
Obama Calls Putin and …
Obama Calls Waxman One of the Best Ever Lawmakers Ever
Obama Calls for Free TSA Home Security Evaluations: Predictions for 2014
Obama Calls for Immigration Enforcement Review
Obama Calls for Immigration Enforcement Review (Executive order amnesty coming)
Obama Calls on Nation to Recommit to Abortion
Obama Can End NSA Surveillance With the Stroke of a Pen. So, Why Doesn’t He?
Obama Can't Spell... But He Can Sure Spend Your Money
Obama Can’t Help Dems Keep Senate
Obama Celebrates 41 Years of Abortion: Roe an “Opportunity to Fulfill Dreams”
Obama Channeling Pope Francis to Sell Wealth Redistribution
Obama Channels Nixon
Obama Chooses To Discuss Global Warming In California.Maybe He Needs To Go To Georgia Next?
Obama Claims Terrorist Dictator is Israel’s Best Chance for Peace
Obama Claus calls for spending billions more to shore up his economy
Obama Cleverly Paints Himself as the Underdog and Plays Possum Ahead of 2014 Election (Bizarre)
Obama Compares Pro Football to Smoking, Says He Wouldn't Let Son Play
Obama Completes Fun-in-the-Sun Weekend
Obama Concedes Some Dems Don’t Want to Campaign with Him
Obama Condemns Uganda’s Anti-Gay Law
Obama Condemns Ukraine Violence, Threatens 'Consequences'
Obama Consciously Engineering America’s Decline
Obama Considering Three Year Extension To Obamacare
Obama Continues to be Tough on Jobs
Obama Cooked The Books
Obama Could Save His Presidency by Shrinking the Size of Government
Obama Couldn’t Use Website To Sign Up For Obamacare
Obama Credits Self for Decreasing Carbon Pollution that Has 'Severe Impacts on Our Weather'
Obama Criminalizes Antique Dealers and Endangers Wild Elephants
Obama Cuts Funds for Israeli Missile Defense
Obama Declares End To Global Warming Debate….World Laughs Hysterically
Obama Defends “Flip-Flop” on Executive Orders
Obama Democrats’ troubling view on work
Obama Deplores Russia’s ‘Brute Force’ in Ukraine
Obama Deserves Share of Blame for Millennial Cynicism
Obama Didn't Invent the "Christie," He Just Uses it A Lot
Obama Disarms, Cuts Deployed Nuke Force By 50
Obama Disarms, Leaving U.S. Exposed To Its Enemies
Obama Doctrine: Reward Friends, Punish Enemies
Obama Does Not Know His Own Birth Date! Perhaps there is a Reasonable Explanation
Obama Doesn't Want to Go to School
Obama Donor Helped Free Terrorist Behind Benghazi Attack
Obama Donor Picked for Ambassador to Norway Fumbles Basic Questions About Norway
Obama Donor Will Run Anti-Keystone Ad During SOTU
Obama Dooms Seniors to Ravages of Aging
Obama EPA’s Monstrous Human Experiments
Obama Enters Putin’s World
Obama Exploiting Ukraine to Empower IMF and Dictatorships
Obama Expresses Concern Russia Moving on Ukraine [and btw, "Romney was wrong"]
Obama Factor Adds to Fears of Democrats (Dumbocrats say Obama's political "poison")
Obama Falls to 41% in Fox Poll, Desperately Tries to Rally the Pajama Boy Base
Obama Family Flights to/in Africa, Hawaii Cost Taxpayers $15.8M
Obama Fan Fiction: the Hardball Series
Obama Fans Can't Believe Their President Wanted This to Happen
Obama Fiddles While Ukraine Burns
Obama Fiddles While the Economy Burns
Obama Fiddles while the World Burns
Obama File Founder Targeted for Virus Attacks
Obama Flies to A Europe Shaken by Putin's Bold Strategy
Obama Flops on Russia
Obama Gets Real
Obama Gets Schooled On The “Root” of Prosperity By An 11 Year Old Girl
Obama Gives Health Plans Added Two-Year Reprieve
Obama Gives No Credit to Israel
Obama Gives Pope Chest of 'Fruit and Vegetable Seeds Used in the White House Garden'
Obama Gives Somalia $1.5 Bil, Somalia Bans Christmas
Obama Gives Somalia $1.5 Billion, Somalia Bans Christmas
Obama Grilled by Zach Galifianakis on Between Two Ferns
Obama Hangs Californians Out to Dry: Fed action could alleviate the drought in California
Obama Has Committed a Crime
Obama Has Made it Impossible for Israel to Strike Iran
Obama Has Made the World a More Dangerous Place
Obama Has No Russia Policy
Obama Hasn’t Changed Since Columbia University
Obama Heads to Fundraiser After Giving Brief Ft. Hood Statement
Obama Hires Top Clinton Aide John Podesta
Obama Hits Favorite NYC Boutique (the Gap in Midtown)
Obama Holding Fundraiser At Home Of Alonzo Mourning
Obama Holds Meeting w/ Successful Business People, Then Does Only Thing He Really Knows How to Do
Obama Honors Pearl Harbor Dead with Picture of Himself
Obama Hopes for Trouble-Free Hawaii Vacation (AP barf alert)
Obama IGNORES Supreme Court (AGAIN)
Obama IRS Hires Al-Qaida Spy (Weiss Russell)
Obama IRS’s Crimes Against Americans to go Unpunished
Obama Identifies, Targets Newest Enemy of the People
Obama Impeachment Almost Complete
Obama Impeachment Fire is Burning Brightly
Obama In Europe Is Oblivious To NATO's New Impotence
Obama Inc. Blasts Israeli Defense Minister After He Says Israel Must Deal with Iran
Obama Inc: No Idea if Anyone Will Have to Pay the ObamaCare Tax
Obama Indicted On Election Fraud
Obama Indonesian Name Soebarkah; Sheriff Joe's Obama ID Fraud Case; Subud Cult Ties?
Obama Introduces MyRA: The "No Risk, Guaranteed Return" Retirement Savings Bond
Obama Invites Illegal Immigrants to His Big Speech, Still Refuses to Meet With ICE Agents
Obama Invites Merkel to Washington After Spying Row
Obama Is Laying the Groundwork to Move Without, Around, and Outside Congress
Obama Is Making Sure Putin Understands That Exorbitant Price Putin Will Pay
Obama Is President Calvinball (Good read)
Obama Is Really Into Exploding His Fist-Bumps Lately
Obama Is Tearing America Apart
Obama Is The Danger Constitution Was Designed To Avoid
Obama Is The Latest To Fall For The Henry Ford Urban Myth
Obama Is a Loser at 2013's End: Column; 2014 will be even worse for our president
Obama Isn't Telling Us The Truth About The Growing, Global Terrorist Threat
Obama Judge: Mexican Border Fence May Have “Disparate Impact” on Minorities
Obama Just Guaranteed ObamaCare's Failure
Obama Knows Nothing
Obama LEAVES Michelle in Hawaii as 50th 'birthday present' while he returns from two-week vacation
Obama Lauds Kerry's Peace Efforts Amid Israeli Criticism
Obama Laughs About 'Crazy' Birth Certificate Questions
Obama Learns Hard Way That Russia Is U.S.' Biggest Threat
Obama Lied With Every Word (On the Bill O’Reilly’s interview)
Obama Lied; NLPC Health Plan Cancelled Today
Obama Lies and Evades in O'Reilly Interview
Obama Looking for Change, Wants to Pinch Pennies, Nick Nickels
Obama Loses Millenials(If you like your future, you can keep your future)
Obama Loves Game of Thrones, Every Other Critically Acclaimed
Obama Makes 4-Minute Visit to Grandfather's Grave
Obama Makes Two Major Foreign Policy Gaffes on Europe Trip
Obama Makes Wars More Likely
Obama Marks 95th Anniversary of Grand Canyon Park With A Picture of Himself
Obama May Want To Put Cork Back In Champagne Bottle After He Sees These ObamaCare Numbers
Obama Meets With Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas [Israel Haters Club Convenes]
Obama Meets With Saudi King, Weighs New Syria Aid
Obama Mentor Preckwinkle May Challenge Emanuel for Chicago Mayor
Obama Might Cancel Impromptu Family Vacation Due To Ukraine Crisis
Obama Misconstrues Henry Ford
Obama Misspells ‘Respect’ While Praising Franklin Before White House Concert
Obama Mocks GOP: ‘How Dare You Fix Things?,’ ‘You’re a Tyrant’ Using Executive Action
Obama Mocks Republicans: ‘There Are Still No Death Panels. Armageddon Has Not Arrived’
Obama Moral Compass Changes on Iraq
Obama Mouths the Virtues of "Hard Work"
Obama Mouths the Virtues of "Hard Work" (And You'll Never Guess What Got Michelle Robinson
Obama Moves to Weaponize IRS
Obama Moves to the Web - Fernwood 2Night: #HipPrezzy #GetCovered #FunnyorDie
Obama Must Go
Obama Needs to Do Less Finger-Wagging and More Apologizing
Obama Nominated For Sainthood.
Obama Nominates Cop Killer Advocate to Head DOJ Civil Rights Division
Obama Not His Own Man, Incompetent, And Beyond Learning
Obama Not Waiting for Congress On Clemency For Crack Offenders(Convicts To Be Set Free Soon)
Obama OKs nuke deal with Vietnam (sale of nuclear fuel and technology only)
Obama On Executive Actions: ‘I’ve Got A Pen And I’ve Got A Phone’
Obama On The Merits Of Pot Versus Booze, Summarized In A Cartoon
Obama Ordered Deportations Review Months Ago
Obama Orders The Murder Of Two American Citizens
Obama Orders US Flags to Fly at Half-staff in Mandela Tribute
Obama Overtime Directive Sure To Undermine Employment
Obama Parole Board Frees Al Qaeda Terrorist, Bin Laden Guard From Gitmo
Obama Parsed @ MLA
Obama Picks on Someone His Own Size: Little Sisters of the Poor Catholic Nuns
Obama Pivots from His War on Nuns to Burning Down Towns with Crude Oil
Obama Plan Aims to Improve Odds for Minority Boys
Obama Plans To Attend Texas Democrat Fundraiser After Leaving Fort Hood Memorial Service
Obama Plans to 'Mobilize' Americans Around a 'National Mission'
Obama Plans to Travel to Mexico, Europe and Asia
Obama Plays Water Guzzling Desert Golf Courses Amid California Drought
Obama Plays Water Guzzling Desert Golf Courses Amid California Drought [hypocrisy alert]
Obama Plays Water-Guzzling Desert Golf Courses Amid California Drought
Obama Pollster: Reporters Should Stop Covering Polls In 2014
Obama Poses with Controversial Separatist Leader
Obama Praises Connecticut Minimum Wage Vote
Obama Praises Senate Over Move to Extend Jobless Benefits
Obama Presidential Library Search Kicks Off
Obama Proclaims Month to Protect Americans from Being Duped by Obamacare
Obama Proclaims ‘Religious Freedom Day’ While Fighting 91 Religious Liberty Lawsuits
Obama Promises Illegals: Obamacare Sign Up Info Won't Be Used for Deportation
Obama Pushes Climate Change at National Prayer Breakfast
Obama Pushes Economic Destruction while Texas Booms
Obama Redeems His Pledge to Be 'Flexible' for Putin
Obama References 'Alex' de Tocqueville
Obama Refuses to Deport Fugitive Brothers Who Funneled $90,000 to His Campaign
Obama Refuses to Rule Out Jail Time for People Who Don't Buy Health Insurance
Obama Regime NSA Weighs Retaining Data For Suits
Obama Regime: 2.5M People Losing Their Jobs Just A “Small Percentage of the Economy”
Obama Regulations Disenfranchise Minority, Low-Income College Students
Obama Relaxes in Hawaii as His Signature Legislation Wreaks Havoc on the Country
Obama Remains Flexible On ObamaCare - Delays Employer Mandate, Issues New Rules
Obama Repeals ObamaCare
Obama Repeals Obamacare [Obscure Author's Tease Title]
Obama Requests $1.1 Billion, DOJ $382.1 Million for Gun Control
Obama Returns, Soap Opera Resumes
Obama Revives Birther Controversy to Rally Supporters
Obama Rewrites ObamaCare (Another day, another lawless exemption, once again for business)
Obama Runs Off to Chicago Fundraiser – While Fort Hood Comes Under Attack
Obama Sanctions 'Individuals and Entities' Involved in Ukraine Crisis
Obama Sanctions Timchenko: Will FUD Kill Gunvor?
Obama Says 1 Million Signed up for Health Care (BS!!!)
Obama Says 2014 Will Be 'Breakthrough' for US Economy
Obama Says Fox News is Unfair to Him Because Reporters Ask About IRS Targeting, Benghazi
Obama Says He'll Go Around Congress to Get Things Done
Obama Says His Pro-Abortion Supporters are “Doing God’s Work
Obama Says His Pro-Abortion Supporters are “Doing God’s Work”
Obama Says Media Too Focused on Government Failures
Obama Says Pope Francis Is Not Concerned About the Religious Freedom of Catholics Under His Edicts
Obama Says Referendum in Crimea Would Violate Law
Obama Says Russia Is 'Regional Power,' Not America's Top Geopolitical Foe
Obama Says Supporters Doing 'God's Work'
Obama Says Supporters are “Doing God’s Work”
Obama Schedule || Wednesday, April 9, 2014
Obama Secretly Signs No Free Speech Bill
Obama Seeks $100 Billion in New Taxes on Multinationals
Obama Seeks to Calm Saudis as Paths Split
Obama Sees a Rebound in His Approval Ratings
Obama Seizes Control of 'Second Highest Court'
Obama Sends His Winter holiday Greeting: Mele Kalik-Obama #5
Obama Set to Continue Class Warfare
Obama Set to Delay Another Health Care Mandate; Networks Ignore
Obama Settles into Long Weekend of Golf with Buddies
Obama Shakes Castro's Hand At Mandela Event
Obama Should Go to Business Night School
Obama Should Go to Sochi
Obama Shows Us How to Give Away Other People's Money and Soak in the Love
Obama Silence on Venezuela Violence Based in Far Left Ideology
Obama Silences Critics With IRS
Obama Sits Down With Charles Barkley
Obama Skips National Security Team Meeting on Russia, Ukraine
Obama Snubbed on "World's Greatest Leaders" List
Obama Speaches comparison to ‘Animal House’ Quotes
Obama Speaks of Better Days for Economy, With Asterisk
Obama Speaks. Putin Smiles.
Obama Spending $1 Million to Fight Global Warming with Wooden Skyscrapers
Obama Spending $2.7 Mil to Broadcast Communist Propaganda to Vietnam
Obama Spent $7.4 Bil Helping Third World Fight Imaginary Problem
Obama Spills the Beans on the Citizenship Fig Leaf
Obama Spins Subsidies Both Ways
Obama Stars in The No-Name Law That Sank His Party
Obama Stars in The No-Name Law That Sank His Party; they'll be hunting Democrats with dogs
Obama Starts ‘New Dialogue’ with Hispanic Caucus, Raising Speculation on Exec Order for Immigration
Obama Statecraft Equals 'Just Plug the Hole and Leave Me Alone'
Obama Stumbles Over Latest Promise: “If You Like Your Retirement…”
Obama Supporter Interviews Her 2008 Self
Obama Supporter Interviews Herself
Obama Surgeon General Pick Anti-2nd Amendment Radical
Obama Surgeon General Pick Wants Your Doctor to Spy On You, Report Your Guns to the Feds
Obama Surgeon General Wants Doctors to Ask Patients About Guns in Home–Part of Obamacare Database
Obama Sweden Visit Set to Nazi Anthem
Obama Tackled in the End Zone
Obama Takes Swipe at the Media on MSNBC: Actively Trying to 'Divide and Splinter' Us
Obama Takes Victory Lap at Obamacare Presser, Says ‘Debate Is Over’
Obama Talks About Himself in Mandela Eulogy
Obama Talks Minimum Wage Over $13.99 Reuben Sandwich
Obama Talks Off Record With Press on Flight Home (2013 Reggie Love President's Day Flashback)
Obama Targets College Sexual Assault Epidemic
Obama Team Uses March Madness to Sell Health Care Plan
Obama Tells Pope Francis He is a 'Great Admirer'
Obama Tells Vatican:‘Most Religious Organizations Are Entirely Exempt’ from Obamacare
Obama Thanks Dem Senator Who's Avoiding Him 'Publicly'
Obama Threatens To Penalize Putin Over Ukraine [Obama Says He Won't Attend Summit Meeting!!!]
Obama Throws Hissy Fit Over Failed DOJ Nomination
Obama Throws Pajama Boy Under the Bus
Obama Ties Pentagon's Hands In Hunting Benghazi Attackers
Obama To Americans: You Don't Deserve To Be Free
Obama To Concerned Mother: "You Don't Have To Pussyfoot Around, The Rollout Was A Problem" (video)
Obama To Give PA $440 Million in 2014 (Palestinian Authority)
Obama To Host Jordanian King At Sunnylands Estate [Palm Springs]
Obama To Latino Families: 'You Are Punishing Yourselves' By Not Signing Up For Obamacare
Obama To Launch ‘My Brother’s Keeper’ Initiative For Young Men Of Color
Obama To Make Personnel Announcement At White House
Obama To Meet Tech Execs Over NSA Spying, Obamacare ,nsa spying
Obama To Stab Backs of Military Again By Reducing Pensions 10%
Obama Told Military Leaders: Accept Gays In Military Or Step Down, Admiral Says
Obama Touts 7 Million Enrollments: 'This Law Has Made Our Healthcare System A Lot Better'
Obama Trip to China has Big Price
Obama Turned Benghazi into Al Qaeda Terrorist Hub
Obama Turnout Machine Crashes in San Diego
Obama Turnout Machine Crashes in San Diego — Loses Mayor’s Race by Nine Points
Obama Turns To Income inequality, Changes Subject From ObamaCare Disaster
Obama Tweets Pic of Himself Throwing Football on Super Bowl Sunday
Obama Unveils $3.9 Trillion ‘Opportunity Agenda’ Budget
Obama Urges House Dems to Fight for His Agenda ‘Regardless of the Political Cost’
Obama Uses Government To Harass, Intimidate Foes
Obama Uses IRS to Eliminate His Enemies
Obama Uses Pope to Recapture Cool
Obama Versus the Nuns: Threatening to Take Away Their Religious Freedom
Obama Visits Ocean Reef (Key Largo Florida)
Obama Voters GLADLY Sign Petition to Put Karl Marx on the 2016 Presidential Ballot (video)
Obama Vows To Bypass Congress on Guns
Obama Vs. Putin Who Is The Bigger Tyrant?
Obama Wage Hike is Obamacare by 'Other Means'
Obama Wants America Too Stupid To Be Free
Obama Wants Calorie Info Posted on Vending Machines
Obama Wants You to Prime the Big Education Pump So You Don't Have to Paint Houses
Obama Wants the Privilege without the Accountability of Being the First Black President
Obama Wants to Pay 33% More to U.N. and Other Int’l Groups
Obama Warns Donors of Turnout Problems in Midterm Elections
Obama Weekly Address: 'I'll Act On My Own'
Obama Whines to O'Reilly: 'Absolutely' Unfair to Ask About ObamaCare, IRS, and Benghazi
Obama Whistles Tune Before Meeting
Obama White House 'Surprised' by Recent Drops in Unemployment Rate
Obama White House Calls GOP a "Cult Worthy of Jonestown"
Obama White House Dumps IT Contractor Responsible for Health Care Website (Replacement Has Problems)
Obama White House Hypocritically Pays Women Less Than Men
Obama White House calls for the formation of a tyrannical government in the wake of Ukraine protests
Obama White House offering 30-year eagle-killing permits in plan to boost windmill industry
Obama Will Announce Initiative to Empower Young Black Men [Trayvon Martin Anniversary]
Obama Will Seek Broad Expansion of Overtime Pay [Will Use Executive Authority: Congress Get Lost!]
Obama Will Take ‘Executive Action’ to Reduce Prison Population
Obama Will Use Executive Action to Push Immigration (what a surprise)
Obama Willing to Further Legitimize Marijuana (Really)
Obama Won’t Take Executive Action to Remove Pot from Narcotics List
Obama Worship Syndrome
Obama admin drives ahead with new cleaner gas rule
Obama admin unilaterally changes law to allow immigrants with 'limited' terror contact into US
Obama admin: It’s now ok for wind turbines to kill eagles because we’re trying to save the…
Obama administration announces net loss of at least 3 million insurance plans
Obama administration asking insurers to be flexible on health coverage
Obama administration considering support for Islamists in Syria
Obama administration considers changing driver license guidelines for elderly
Obama administration ends some terror asylum restrictions ("minor" terrorists can get asylum now)
Obama administration ignores eco-radicals, approves another natural gas export terminal
Obama administration knew that veterans’ personal info was at risk, security programs violated fed
Obama administration let anti-gay Muslim leader into U.S.
Obama administration may add taxpayer-funded sex-change operations to ObamaCare, Medicare, Medicaid
Obama administration mulls loosening tech hiring rules after ObamaCare rollout
Obama administration preparing sanctions vs. Russia
Obama administration proposes new executive actions on gun background checks
Obama administration relaxes rules of health-care law (EXCERPT FROM EARLIER POST)
Obama administration relaxes rules of health-care law four days before deadline
Obama administration spending $400,000 on camel sculpture in Pakistan
Obama administration to end contract with CGI Federal, company behind HealthCare.gov
Obama administration to further delay healthcare mandate
Obama administration to tout slow growth in national healthcare spending
Obama administration wants to hold onto NSA phone data for longer, citing lawsuits
Obama administration will allow more time to enroll in health care on federal marketplace
Obama administration ´to offer Taliban 5 Gitmo prisoners in exchange for last Afghanistan POW
Obama and American Weakness Abroad
Obama and Beyoncé singing a love song?
Obama and Castro share the stage in a tribute to Mandela...
Obama and Cruz on short list for Time's 'Person of the Year'
Obama and DC Bureaucrats Follow in the Steps of King George
Obama and His Dad Jeans Through the Years
Obama and His Team, Completely Unprepared for the Challenge Ahead
Obama and Kerry Say Iran Issued Fatwa Against Nukes, But It’s Not Listed With the Others
Obama and Kerry’s Middle East Racism
Obama and Senate Democrats Choose Politics Over Police Officers
Obama and The Democrats Plot To Control America: The Worst is yet to come
Obama and the 'Hipster Elite'
Obama and the Minimum Wage
Obama announces (most comprehensive since end of the Cold War) sanctions on Russian officials
Obama announces delay in NCAA basketball championship: says people couldn't get their brackets in.
Obama announces new Midwest manufacturing hubs
Obama announces that US athletes will not be allowed to compete in the Sochi Olympics.
Obama apologists crying wolf about race
Obama applauds Missouri gay player for coming out
Obama approval cliff dives among poor Hispanics and Non-Whites
Obama approves sanctions on individuals 'destabilizing Ukraine'
Obama asks Congress for money to prevent mass shootings
Obama asks Supreme Court for new standard that could limit free speech
Obama asks us to “forget” his broken promise to reduce annual premiums by $2,500
Obama at Gap: The Ladies Will Be Impressed by My Style Sense
Obama aunt who stayed in US illegally dies at 61
Obama backhandly slams Generation Opportunity for ‘Opt Out’ campaign
Obama backs Schatz over Hanabusa in Hawaii race
Obama backs down on cuts to Medicare (House floor protest by RATS)
Obama backs race-based school discipline policies
Obama bans construction of GLONASS stations in US without Pentagon’s approval
Obama begins to say goodbye
Obama birth record, citizenship, unraveled for Alabama Supreme Court?
Obama blackout urged as press fights for right to cover White House (Reggie Love's fault?)
Obama blamed for rebirth of al-Qaida - 'There is no government now, there is no law and order'
Obama blames Congress for deportations
Obama blames media for 'caricature' [impenetrable GOP base won't let Congress compromise]
Obama blasts 'least productive Congress in modern history'
Obama blesses climate science as ‘irrefutable’
Obama bombs Facebook with pro-Obamacare missives
Obama boosts healthcare law with selective release of data
Obama botches spelling of "respect" while lauding Aretha Franklin
Obama brings Ukraine war home to U.S. (Issues order targeting Americans who threaten 'peace')
Obama budget declares end to … austerity?
Obama budget offer to drop olive branch for Republicans [Translation: He lied AGAIN]
Obama budget slashes Great Lakes funding
Obama bullies small employers with bogus perjury charges, threats of prison
Obama bundler nominated as ambassador to Argentina has never been to the country
Obama bundler sees opportunity in healthcare.gov failure
Obama calls African Americans "sort of a mongrel people" but "true for White America as well"
Obama calls Beshear 'a man possessed' on health care, Ky. Republicans pan president's speech
Obama calls for peace as Hagel orders US support in Central African Republic mission
Obama calls homosexuality one of our ‘fundamental freedoms’ in statement slamming Ugandan bill
Obama calls on Putin to move troops from Ukraine border
Obama calls on bartenders to host happy hours for Obamacare
Obama calls pope 'soulful messenger' of peace, justice, (BARF Alert)
Obama challenges Congress to help create jobs
Obama charged with blocking IRS probe, breaking promises to help
Obama claims "GM has now repaid every taxpayer dollar my Administration committed to its rescue...."
Obama claims he never said he wanted to “fundamentally transform the United States of America”
Obama commuted sentence of Deval Patrick kin
Obama commutes sentences for 8 drug convictions
Obama compares Nelson Mandela to Gandhi, King and Lincoln during eulogy
Obama compares health reform struggles to civil rights movement
Obama complains that his policies are ‘contested’
Obama condemns Ugandan anti-gay measures
Obama considering military action in Syria again
Obama considers revoking trademark for Washington Redskins because some people said it was offensive
Obama considers sending anti-aircraft weapons to Syrian opposition
Obama continues telephone outreach on Ukraine
Obama convenes college leaders on expanding access
Obama crackdown on press freedom escalates
Obama creates international incident with 'selfie' at Mandela service
Obama deciding on which news sources allowed for Americans
Obama declares war on the Constitution. We need your help to keep freedom alive!! [FReepathon X]
Obama declares ‘happy hour’ with Dems minutes after Ukraine tough talk
Obama decries ‘bogus’ voter fraud complaints
Obama defends Iran deal at Hanukkah celebration
Obama defends himself on Russia after Mitt Romney’s criticism
Obama delays the parts of ObamaCare you won't like until after election
Obama delivers remarks in Brussels, Belgium -Live-
Obama demands "Gimme the Ball" Post Mandela
Obama denies visa to Iran diplomat
Obama didn’t attack Syria due to US war-weariness
Obama dismisses IRS targeting of conservatives:
Obama dismisses IRS targeting: ‘They’ve got a list, and suddenly everybody’s outraged’
Obama dismisses Russia as ‘regional power’ acting out of weakness
Obama doesn’t grasp Putin’s Eurasian ambitions
Obama downplays poor poll numbers
Obama drives ahead with domestic agenda – and vacation – amid Ukraine crisis
Obama drops Medicare changes
Obama eligibility case still very much alive in Alabama Supreme Court
Obama encourages moms to ‘tell stories in the grocery store’ about Obamacare
Obama executive omissions leave some allies angry
Obama expands protection for California coastline
Obama expected to hold press conference this week (before he jets off for Hawaii luxury vacation...)
Obama explains Sochi absence in interview with NBC’s Bob Costas
Obama faces budget dilemma (Hussein's Social Security & Medicare cuts)
Obama fails to reveal Navigator program leaves consumers at risk
Obama fires back: Lincoln ´loved´ racy jokes
Obama flexes executive power [Obama de facto suspends Constitution]
Obama frames populist theme for Dems in 2014
Obama further distances himself from 'doctor' pledge (cannot keep your doctor)
Obama gave Biden ‘every s- -t job in the world’
Obama gave Oregon $304 million to build its defective Obamacare website that enrolled zero people
Obama gets history wrong: Says Dems tend to ‘get clobbered’ in midterms
Obama given little credit for improving economy
Obama gives Miami Heat a White House welcome [Michelle met them too...without BO]
Obama gives Pelosi rosary beads blessed by Pope Francis
Obama gives military latrine duty new meaning
Obama giving Medal of Honor to 24 vets from 3 wars
Obama goes golfing on first day of vacation
Obama goes out to dinner in Waikiki on last night of vacation
Obama golfs with NZ prime minister; visits Punchbowl
Obama group fires fundraiser over dubious donation
Obama has a special Valentine's Day message for America's kids...
Obama has begun repealing Obamacare
Obama has given up seeking a solution to America's financial woes
Obama has just made yet another illegal change to Obamacare
Obama has no idea what to do as Putin seizes Crimea (Jimmy Carter syndrome)
Obama has shown how a future GOP president can gut Obamacare
Obama heads to New York for fundraisers
Obama health care adviser Jennings leaving White House (health reasons)
Obama health care promise named 'Lie of the Year'
Obama hiking minimum pay for new federal contracts
Obama hits Chicago Wednesday for DNC fundraisers
Obama hitting Chicago for April 2 DNC fundraiser
Obama imposes new sanctions on Russian officials, signs order authorizing broader measures
Obama imposes sanctions on Russian officials, ousted Ukrainian president
Obama in Blunderland
Obama in Denial on Russia
Obama in His Labyrinth
Obama in State of Union speech to tell Congress to act or step aside: officials
Obama in Strangely Humorless “Funny or Die” Video to Promote Healthcare
Obama in the city for Clinton ally’s fundraiser
Obama includes openly gay athletes in 2014 Olympic delegation
Obama is Poisonous
Obama is done even pretending to work with Republicans: If you can't beat 'em, ignore 'em
Obama is not a Pathological Liar, He is an Ideological Liar
Obama is right to put spotlight on economic inequality
Obama is setting up Israel to take the fall
Obama jets 949-page farm bill to Michigan for signing ceremony
Obama job approval drops below 40% for first time ever on Real Clear Politics
Obama job approval under water… in Minnesota (What does it bode for the comedian turned Senator?)
Obama jokes of getting dreadlocks after leaving office
Obama keeps eye on tense situation in South Sudan
Obama keeps promise to young men of color
Obama keeps showing why he's impeachable: Nat Hentoff
Obama knew CIA secretly monitored intelligence committee, senator claims
Obama launches 'climate hubs' to help farmers, communities
Obama launches ‘My Brother’s Keeper’ to help young minority men (barf alert)
Obama legacy on line with NSA
Obama lied about Syrian chemical attack, ‘cherry-picked’ intelligence: report
Obama lies to Israelis on Iran nuke deal
Obama likely to target natural gas, climate change in State of the Union
Obama links up with celebrities for golf game
Obama lived with Kenyan uncle prior to law school, White House says (Obama lied, again)
Obama looking for "sleep and sun" after challenging year
Obama looks to re-launch second term bogged down in 2013
Obama losing Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal?
Obama makes list for Funeral Selfies
Obama manufacturing hubs face uphill struggle to create jobs
Obama marks Newtown school shooting anniversary with call for gun control
Obama may illegally further delay Obamacare provision
Obama meets Dalai Lama, defies China (discreet meet held in WH Map Room, not Oval Office)
Obama meets Pope Francis, looks for Catholic boost
Obama meets with House Speaker John Boehner
Obama meets with Pope at time of 'tense' relations with Church (no smile on O's face)
Obama mistakenly said Snowden has been indicted
Obama moves to protect taxpayers ... in Kenya!
Obama mulls support for Islamists in Syria, with conditions
Obama names Black lesbian to federal judgeship
Obama names healthcare rollout his biggest mistake of dismal year
Obama national security aides meet to discuss Ukraine
Obama needs to do more, not less, on his own
Obama nominates bundler to be ambassador to Prague
Obama nomination of Mumia Abu Jamal lawyer stirs controversy
Obama nominee questioned in disappearance of Marine’s missing heart
Obama now losing a key constituency: younger voters (major doubts exist about Obamacare)
Obama offers gratitude to Nelson Mandela at White House tree lighting
Obama offers his policies as the cure for the Obama economy
Obama offers to help Democrats by not campaigning for them
Obama on Affordable Care Act: 'We're not repealing it as long as I'm president'
Obama on Healthcare Mandates: ‘Our Goal Here Is Not to Punish Folks’
Obama on Obamacare: A Woman Can Now Work on a Farm
Obama on Olympics: ‘Sochi is safe,’ but
Obama on the Couch
Obama open to executive action on immigration
Obama orders even more EPA regulations for more fuel-efficient “super trucks”
Obama orders review of US deportation practices
Obama orders up new mileage standards for big rigs
Obama pal's ex-aide to plead guilty in grant scheme
Obama pitches retirement savings options at U.S. Steel's Irvin Plant
Obama plan uses Hollywood to lure Iran toward peace
Obama plan: Cut tax breaks for richest retirement savers
Obama plan: Cut tax breaks for richest retirement savers (Camel's nose under the tent)
Obama plan: Temp jobs at $1 million each
Obama plans executive action on jobs, retirement security
Obama plans statement, 7 million sign-ups reached (Today from the Rose Garden)
Obama plans to put govt bureaucrats in TV stations and newspaper offices to monitor their activities
Obama plot: Black out '40% of U.S. power supply'
Obama pollster skeptical of GOP immigration plan
Obama pollster: Reporters should stop covering polls in 2014
Obama pollster: reporters should stop covering polls in 2014
Obama pot comments not meant to endorse legalization: White House
Obama prays for Americans held captive in North Korea and Iran
Obama preaches for faith in government as his poll numbers sink
Obama pressured to stop deportations
Obama pressures Israel, vaguely threatens Russia
Obama promises gun control “with or without Congress.”
Obama promises illegals: Obamacare info won't be used for deportation
Obama promises not to spy on EU leaders
Obama promises to defend Poland against Russia as Reid urges caution about action
Obama proposes firearm background check changes
Obama raises stakes in Crimean standoff with Putin
Obama rallies European allies against 'darker forces of the past'
Obama reassures Internet CEOs on tech privacy
Obama regime Benghazi media cover-up?
Obama reveals Final Four bracket picks
Obama says Fox News's O'Reilly 'absolutely' unfair in extended interview
Obama says Perry an obstacle on healthcare
Obama says Russia's energy sector could be target of new sanctions
Obama says family on Duck Dynasty seems like ‘pretty fun bunch’
Obama says marijuana 'no more dangerous than alcohol'
Obama says plane search a 'top priority'
Obama says troops' "sense of safety has been broken" by shooting
Obama says we should raise the minimum wage, but barackobama.com advertises for “unpaid” interns
Obama says ‘freedom of religion is under threat’ as Catholics sue administration
Obama says, don’t worry, we won’t deport you if you sign up for Obamacare
Obama seeks Christmas Miracle--otherwise more people lose coverage from Obamacare than gain it
Obama seeks to defuse tensions among Democrats
Obama seeks to ease election-year strains with Democrats (sharing some VD love)
Obama sees Israeli-Palestinian deal within months
Obama sends statement by including two sodomite athletes in Sochi Games delegation
Obama sends wishes to those celebrating Kwanzaa
Obama setting Israel up to take the fall for his failed peace talks
Obama shakes hand of Cuba's Raul Castro at Mandela memorial
Obama shakes hands with Cuba's Castro at Mandela memorial
Obama shakes hands with Cuba’s leader (more bowing)
Obama shakes hands with Fidel Castro's brother (before selfies with David Cameron and Danish PM)
Obama shifts to economy, calls for minimum wage hike
Obama shook Raúl Castro's hand after SIX MONTHS of secret U.S.-Cuba talks, report claims
Obama should have flown with Beretta Executives to Nashville[Vanity]
Obama signs increase in U.S. debt ceiling (thru March 2015)
Obama signs sweeping defense bill
Obama signs up for health care, selects ‘bronze’ plan in D.C. exchange
Obama sings 'Crimea River' and other greatest hits
Obama skipped Saturday's meeting of national security team on Ukraine crisis
Obama spending money ... to spend more money
Obama split 500,000 American families to legalize illegals before 2012 election
Obama step closer to seizing retirement accounts
Obama steps up pressure on Congress to extend unemployment benefits
Obama strives to be 'my brother’s keeper' (Caucasians excluded from Trayvon fund)
Obama suffers most from year of turmoil, poll finds
Obama takes action to end sexual assault
Obama takes selfie at Mandela memorial. Inappropriate?
Obama takes swipe at Congress over Guantanamo
Obama talks Ukraine sovereignty, Putin touts Russian security
Obama taps Ted Kennedy’s widow for USPS board
Obama targets climate change in wildfire strategy
Obama targets poverty in San Antonio, Philadelphia and other U.S. 'zones'
Obama tees off on Oracle founder’s private course
Obama tells Democrats he's limited on immigration actions
Obama tells EU to do more to cut reliance on Russian gas
Obama tells Pentagon to prepare for possibility of leaving no troops in Afghanistan
Obama tells a whopper on IRS scandal (I say it is a bald-faced lie)
Obama the Oblivious
Obama the Rodney Dangerfield of World Leaders
Obama threatens to veto bill that would require administration to enforce laws
Obama threatens to veto bill to stop taxpayer funding of abortion
Obama threatens to veto new sanctions against Iran
Obama threatens vetoes of bills requiring him to follow the law&#8207;
Obama threatens, then backs down
Obama tightens reins on surveillance programs
Obama to Assert Unilateral Agenda (Unprecedented Constitutional Challenge Looming)
Obama to Congress: Back down on Iran
Obama to Congress: We're not waiting for legislation
Obama to Cut Key Reconnaissance Fleet By 25 Percent Planes being used to monitor Ukraine crisis
Obama to Cut Tomahawk Missiles 10 Years Before Replacement Ready(Including Hellfire Missiles)
Obama to Defend Health Law as Economic Benefit
Obama to Democrats: ‘Stay Focused on What We Believe in’
Obama to Dems: Boehner will pass immigration reform in 2014
Obama to Dems: It’s time to worry
Obama to Discuss 'Income Inequality' with Pope Francis
Obama to Give Wind Farms 30-Year Pass on Eagle Deaths
Obama to Israel: Stop Killing Iranian Nuclear Scientists
Obama to Kill Tomahawk, Hellfire Missile Programs Cornerstone of U.S. Naval power eliminated
Obama to Make Statement on Ukraine [Networks Assume Worship Mode]
Obama to Make Statement on Ukraine at the White House
Obama to Military – Will you FIRE on Americans?
Obama to O'Reilly: Fox News Reason for My Problems
Obama to Partner With Google for 'First-Ever Presidential Hangout Road Trip'
Obama to Propose 1 Percent Federal Worker Pay Hike
Obama to Putin: "The Cold War's Over" Putin To Obama: "No, it Never Ended"
Obama to Putin: U.S. Will Punish Russia for Ukraine Vote
Obama to Putin: US readying ´additional costs´ over Crimea
Obama to Russia: There will be 'costs' for Ukraine (Drudge: OBAMA WARNS RUSSIA)
Obama to Sign Up for Obamacare Today: Valerie Jarrett
Obama to Uninsured "Get PamPURRED;" President Uses Cats, Pun to Pitch ObamaCare, "Adorable Care Act"
Obama to Visit Saudi Arabia Amid Tensions Over Iran, Syria: Report
Obama to Youth of America: You Should TOTES Get Obamacare. I’m Super Cereal!!
Obama to address income inequality
Obama to announce $1B climate resilience fund (hoax gets expensive)
Obama to attend NYC Sharpton Conference
Obama to award Medal of Honor to two dozen veterans, including 19 discrimination victims [Today]
Obama to bypass Congress in 2014, rule by agency decree
Obama to cut AWACS fleet by 25%
Obama to feds: Bulk up on green power [20% by 2020 - triples use]
Obama to force businesses to pay more employees overtime
Obama to halt part of NSA phone program
Obama to host White House summit on long-term unemployed Friday
Obama to huddle with House Dems (Photos allowed during the retreat?)
Obama to launch government-backed retirement savings program
Obama to lay out go-it-alone approach in big speech (Announcement of his coup-d'etat)
Obama to leave Hawaii for Washington on Saturday
Obama to lie in minutes.....(vanity)
Obama to lift minimum wage for federal contractors: White House
Obama to lift minimum wage for federal contractors: White House (Dictatorship continues)
Obama to link California drought to climate change
Obama to meet with those who lost unemployment benefits
Obama to nominate Krause to appeals court seat Read more at
Obama to order expansion of overtime pay for millions of workers
Obama to outline new plans for jobless next week
Obama to pay visit to Pope
Obama to pitch $1B climate change 'resilience fund' in Fresno, CA
Obama to pitch health care on WebMD
Obama to play Knockout Game with the Constitution
Obama to promote education agenda at Miami school [Local Media Drooling in Worship]
Obama to propose billion-dollar Climate Resilience Fund; Icy blast heats up coal debate
Obama to propose ending NSA bulk collection of phone records: official [Riiiiight]
Obama to raise minimum wage for federal contractors [Taxpayers Foot the Bill]
Obama to sign order on federal minimum wage hike Wednesday
Obama to speak at Mandela service
Obama to stress climate change in Fresno
Obama to the French President at Monticello:
Obama to travel to four states after SOTU (show)
Obama to unveil manufacturing institutes in Detroit, Chicago [this reminds me of Solyndra]
Obama to visit Fresno to discuss drought response
Obama to visit West Mifflin steel plant on Wednesday
Obama to ‘Sign Up’ for Insurance Today
Obama tries to put Putin in his place -- again
Obama trip to Europe, Saudi Arabia to be dominated by Crimea
Obama urged to create religious envoy after papal meeting
Obama urges Russia to move its troops away from Ukrainian border
Obama urges extending unemployment benefits
Obama visits Gap in Manhattan after retailer raises minimum wage
Obama visits Hanauma Bay, Kailua shave ice shop
Obama vows never to rest until this guy is brought to justice...
Obama vows to help Democrats in midterms, including by staying away if necessary
Obama vows to pursue gun control ‘with or without Congress’
Obama vows ‘action’ on poverty, unveils plans for ‘promise zones’
Obama vs Putin in Pics
Obama vs. Obama
Obama vs. Putin: The mismatch
Obama vs. the Little Sisters: Waivers for Unions but not for the Nuns
Obama walks the talk on Ukraine, 'as we said we would'
Obama wants halo effect
Obama wants overtime pay for more salaried workers
Obama weighing executive action on minimum wage hike
Obama weighing executive action on minimum wage?
Obama weighs in on contentious union vote at Volkswagen plant
Obama will extend amnesty for young illegals, says top White House aide
Obama withholds from Israel details of nuclear accord with Iran
Obama worship syndrome
Obama ‘Living in a Fantasy World’: Krauthammer Takes on Admin’s Foreign Policy
Obama ‘cavalier’ in hiding foreign aid order, judge rules
Obama “Going Dictator” - a Brief How-To Course
Obama “too talented” to bother meeting with Sebelius
Obama's "End of Austerity" Budget Is Incoherent
Obama's "Royal Cash Cow" - Mo Money: Fundraising on the Left Coast
Obama's #BigBlockOfCheeseDay: A Totally Processed Cheese Food Product
Obama's 'Flexibility' Leads to a Dangerous World
Obama's 'Incredible Mistake' Over Phantom Kosovo Referendum
Obama's 'Incredible Mistake' over Phantom Kosovo Referendum
Obama's 'Operation Choke Point' Seeks to Destroy Sectors of Private Lending Industry
Obama's 'Tech Surge' Consisted of Six People
Obama's 'big breakthrough' coming by end of year - Leaked: Official declaration of Palestinian state
Obama's 3:00 AM Phone Call To Putin (Caption It)
Obama's 3AM Phone Call
Obama's Afghanistan Mess
Obama's Ambassador to Norway Fumbles Basic Questions About Norway [but raised $500,000 for Obama]
Obama's America: The Dinesh Penalty!
Obama's Anemic Economic Numbers That You Won't Hear on the Nightly News
Obama's Anti-Second Amendment Nominee For Surgeon General: Guns Are a Healthcare Issue
Obama's Apocryphal Kenya Trip
Obama's Approach To The Economy
Obama's Army Only 85% Ready To Fight
Obama's Back! 'Doing in D.C. Essentially What He Would Be Doing In FL., Only Colder.'
Obama's Bizarro-World Budget Plan
Obama's Budget Proposal - Lower Deficit, Higher Debt, Interest Keeps Growing
Obama's Cash for Universal Preschool Clunkers
Obama's Critics aren't Communists, Russia isn't the Soviet Union
Obama's Current Approval Rating Is The Ugliest Since Nixon
Obama's Dark Sayings
Obama's Deceitful Blame-Shifting Game
Obama's Deranged New Yorker Interview
Obama's Double Standard on Energy and the Environment
Obama's Drug Train - Hauling Tons Of Heroin Over The Border
Obama's EPA Conducts Dangerous Human Experiments
Obama's Fake ID
Obama's Fall from Grace
Obama's Fall from Grace [a clown president]
Obama's Fate
Obama's Four-State Solution
Obama's Gay Olympians vs. Putin
Obama's Gitmo-Taliban prisoner exchange will cost US lives
Obama's Got a Pen, Phone, Ladder & TOTUS: Can Leadership Be Far Behind?
Obama's Historic Defense Cuts Spell Disaster
Obama's ID Card from Columbia University
Obama's Impeachable Offenses Threaten Our System
Obama's Job Approval Points to 2014 Trouble for Democrats
Obama's Lackeys Deny Immigration Policy Is His Policy
Obama's Lawlessness? Nobody Cares
Obama's Loafer Nation
Obama's Message On NSA Translated
Obama's Minimum Wage Economy
Obama's Misguided Obsession With Inequality
Obama's Mistaken Belief That Others See the World as He Sees It
Obama's NCAA Bracket Puts Michigan State at No. 1 [Epic Fail]
Obama's Never Run a Lemonade Stand
Obama's New Asylum Decree Favors Muslims Over Christians
Obama's No. 1 Problem If you don’t prioritize your presidency, someone else will Re
Obama's Not-So-Secret War On Private Medicare Plans
Obama's OFA group to demonstrate for Obamacare in Richmond, VA tomorrow (Sat 3/15)
Obama's Obamacare enrollment is fake like everything else about him...
Obama's Organizers Beg for Positive Obamacare Stories
Obama's Organizing For Action Asks Members 'What Should Mininum Wage Be?'
Obama's Orwellian Image Control
Obama's Overtime Gambit
Obama's Phony Indignities
Obama's Picture-Perfect Propaganda
Obama's Plan to Snatch Your Savings - Now he has his sights set on your 401(k)
Obama's Politicized, Lawless Executive Branch
Obama's Polls Are In the Tank, So Time For the Vulcan Death Stare!
Obama's Power Grab Not Without Precedent
Obama's Privacy Epiphany
Obama's Promises: You Can't Keep You Doctor, But Your Electric Rates Did "Skyrocket"
Obama's Rogues Gallery Of Radicals
Obama's SOTU Six: Ladders of Opportunity in 6840 Words (just words).
Obama's SOTU Speech Full of Half-Truths
Obama's SOTU use of SFC Remsburg as a prop (vanity)
Obama's Sanctions Target Putin's Rivals.
Obama's Secular Christmas Message: Cookies, Basketball and 'Holiday' Traditions
Obama's Stand-up Routine is Laughable Indeed
Obama's State of the Onion Smells
Obama's Still President, Monday the Day After Groundhog Day: We Do it All Over Again
Obama's Stimulus Money-Laundering Scam
Obama's Supreme Court foe: Nuns who care for the elderly poor
Obama's Take a Vacation! Live! From Key Largo! Johnny Rocco! We’ll be here all weekend.
Obama's Top-and-Bottom Coalition Shows Signs of Strain
Obama's Two Americas: The Economy and How Democrats Win Elections
Obama's UnReality TV is Creepy
Obama's Uncle Probably Not Fed To Hungry Dogs
Obama's Unemployment 'New Normal' Foretells A 'Lost Decade'
Obama's Valentine's Day bachelor golf holiday marks 23rd vacation
Obama's Veiled Threat
Obama's War on the First Amendment
Obama's Work Trap
Obama's `All-The-Above' Energy Push Becomes A Strategy Of One
Obama's a 'Colossal Sick Joke'
Obama's brackets may have violated ethics rules banning NCAA betting at work
Obama's brain-dead approach to global bullies
Obama's budget would shift tax benefits from wealthy to poor
Obama's caution on Ukraine may loom over midterm election [also, live breaking news from Ukraine]
Obama's controversial pick for surgeon general adopted his anti-gun stance by watching violen
Obama's distant cousin calls him 'worst president in our time'
Obama's fantasy based foreign policy is untenable in our dangerous world.
Obama's foolish proposals won't fix distressed economy
Obama's high school pot dealer ... beaten to death with a hammer by his gay lover ...
Obama's high school pot dealer beaten to death with a hammer by his gay lover
Obama's high school pot dealer was beaten to death with a hammer by his gay lover
Obama's high school pot dealer was beaten to death with a hammer by his gay lover.
Obama's never-ending road to economic growth
Obama's poll numbers are amazing!
Obama's polls fall as middle class gets his number
Obama's populist pitch fizzles - "2014 might not be the year for Democrats"
Obama's presidency beset by fits, starts in year 5
Obama's presidential library foundation drops (Hussein) 'H' from name
Obama's press secretary decorates home with Soviet propaganda
Obama's promise: No military action in Ukraine from US
Obama's remarks on minimum wage and wealth imbalance strike voters' nerves, stir hopes
Obama's rush to regulate [welding an anchor to the U.S. economy]
Obama's solution for Obamacare: ban business from reducing staff in response to employer mandate.
Obama's support among even his base dwindles for a simple reason...
Obama's tanking approval rate pulls down Democrats, poll finds
Obama's tech titan summit a wasted opportunity
Obama's unlocking of federal funding ban on gun research yields little upshot in first year
Obama's “promise zones” another money laundering operation
Obama(S)care: Con Artists and Criminals in Charge
Obama, Biden stick to vacation schedules despite Ukraine crisis
Obama, Biden, FLOTUS’ luxury personal vacation costs exposed by Judicial Watch
Obama, Cameron, Schmidt take selfie at Mandela memorial (It's all about me me me,, I I I)
Obama, Christie and Big Government Punishment of the American People
Obama, Clinton circles overlap in Dem fundraising
Obama, Clintons accused in Egypt of aiding terrorists
Obama, Critic of “Redskins” Name, Posts Pic of Man With Redskins Shirt to Tout ObamaCare
Obama, Dems meet as struggle for Senate builds
Obama, EU to stand together on climate change draft
Obama, Francis to Meet Amid Shared Economic View
Obama, God of Weather--and Lies
Obama, IRS Fight To Keep Conservative Non-Profit From Forming
Obama, Maria Shriver to talk women’s poverty issues
Obama, Putin and the Green Axis of Evil
Obama, Putin at breaking point
Obama, Putin discuss growing Ukraine crisis
Obama, Racism, and the Presumption of Innocence
Obama, Sebelius never met (no record of meetings on Obamacare!)
Obama, Senate Democrats take aim at gender pay gap
Obama, Solipsist - Obama mistakenly, and dangerously, believes that others see the world as he...
Obama, Top Dems discuss Midterm landscape
Obama, U.S. leaders walk delicate line on Ariel Sharon statements
Obama, Ukraine and the Price of Weakness
Obama, appearing with ally Hollande, expresses frustration over Syria
Obama, childhood buddies go golfing in California
Obama, in Europe, Says Allies Are ‘United’ on Ukraine
Obama, in His Sole Discretion
Obama, the Confidence Man, and the Virtues of Humility
Obama, the Face of Fake Viagra in Pakistan
Obama, the Forrest Gump of American Politics
Obama, the Ingrate
Obama, the delicate one
Obama, top Dems now appear to be pushing for comprehensive immigration reform
Obama-Care,Lie Of The Year.So Is Global Warming Second Biggest Lie Of 2013?
Obama-Motors Pace Car Bursts Into Flames at Daytona (Video)
Obama-Netanyahu rift is unbridgeable
Obama-appointed climate change task force meets in Los Angeles
Obama-appointed judge: Same-sex marriage like interracial, ‘deeply rooted in nation’s history
Obama-backed Mexican Troops Disarm & Massacre More Civilians
Obama-in-Wonderland with Special Guest Hillary Clinton and the GOP All-Stars
Obama/Barra Embrace Shows GM is Still Government Motors
Obama/Dutch PM in Press Conference in the Hague, the Netherlands
Obama/Ellen Selfie Contest: Who Wore it Better?
Obama/Kerry using limitless leverage to emasculate Israel
Obama: "A Trillion Here, a Trillion There, and it is Still Not Nearly Enough Money"
Obama: "Americans Don't Deserve To Be Free"
Obama: "I Need You To Spread The Word" About The "Benefits" Of Obamacare
Obama: "I happen to be a proponent of single payer universal health care."
Obama: "I think America is stronger where everybody's being treated...with respect and dignity"
Obama: "If men had babies, we'd have different policies"
Obama: "Most young Americans right now, they’re not covered" by health insurance [FALSE]
Obama: "This Law Is Going To Work And For The Sake Of Our Economic Security, It Needs To Work"
Obama: "We Have Not Massively Expanded The Welfare State"
Obama: "Where I Can Act On My Own Without Congress, I'm Going To Do So"
Obama: 'Give Peace a Chance'
Obama: 'Going to Look Back' in 5 or 10 Years, Say ACA 'Was a Monumental Achievement'
Obama: 'I Beat Myself Up' Worse Than Anyone
Obama: 'I Can Do Whatever I Want'
Obama: 'I Don't Have Time to Waste. The Clock Is Ticking.'
Obama: 'I Don't Think We Need to Fundamentally Transform the Nation'
Obama: 'I smoked pot as a kid'
Obama: 'I'll act on my own' agenda (Hussein's "year of action")
Obama: 'Not Even a Smidgen of Corruption' in IRS Targeting of Conservatives
Obama: 'Profoundly unequal' economy a 'fundamental threat'
Obama: 'Strong belief' Russia violated international law
Obama: 'That's the Good Thing as a President, I Can Do Whatever I Want'
Obama: 'This Is Going to Be a Year of Action'
Obama: 'This Will Be a Year of Action' on Economy
Obama: 'This Will Be a Year of Action' on Economy (An admission of five years of being a failure)
Obama: 'To Anyone Out There Who Has Ever Been Assaulted ... I’ve Got Your Back'
Obama: 2014 'year of action' on jobs
Obama: 2014 elections will be postponed until after Obamacare is successfully implemented
Obama: A&E Should Reinstate ‘Duck Dynasty’ Patriarch
Obama: Al Qaeda 'Jayvee'
Obama: Americans deserve a vote on minimum wage
Obama: Amerika’s First, Historic, Community Organizer In Chief With a Bullhorn
Obama: CBO Report Nonsense, Raising Minimum Wage Will "Create 140,000 Jobs"
Obama: CVS Decision to Stop Selling Cigarettes Will Have ‘Profoundly Positive Impact’
Obama: Chances of Israel-PA Peace Less than 50%
Obama: Christmas Is No Time For Congress To Tell 1 Million Americans They've Lost Their Insurance
Obama: Christmas Message Is Universal “No Matter What God You Pray To” (Video)
Obama: Danger of concussions in NFL ‘no longer a secret’
Obama: Dems must focus on state,governor races
Obama: Diabolical, or Merely Incompetent.
Obama: Eliminating Every ‘Nut and Bolt’ of Iran’s Nuclear Program Not an Option
Obama: Enough people have joined to make ObamaCare 'stable'
Obama: Final Iran deal a 50-50 proposition
Obama: Health insurance isn’t expensive – just cancel cable and phones
Obama: Help raise Obamacare awareness
Obama: Hole U.S. ‘digging out of’ requires billions more in unemployment benefits
Obama: I Can't Name A Time When Someone Would Rather Have A Check Than A Job
Obama: I Have Confidence That The NSA Is Not Spying On Americans Or Snooping Around
Obama: I Want to Host ESPN's 'SportsCenter' When I Retire
Obama: I won't 'stand still' [Quote from the Sham Wow Lie-A-Palooza]
Obama: I'm Concerned About a Loose Nuke Being Detonated in Manhattan
Obama: Income gap a ‘fundamental threat’
Obama: It's Putin's "schtick" to look like tough guy
Obama: It’s nonsensical for me to enforce the law as it is written
Obama: It’s time to give America a raise
Obama: I’m Not Incompetent, Government Is
Obama: Job training must reflect changing economy
Obama: Judea and Samaria Must Not be 'Gaza 2'
Obama: Marijuana 'not very different' from cigarettes
Obama: Marijuana a 'bad habit and a vice,' no more dangerous than alcohol
Obama: My Health Insurance Isn’t Expensive — Just Cancel Your Cable and Phone Service (Video)
Obama: My low approval ratings might be kind of racist, or something
Obama: No Corruption, No Political Motivations in IRS Scandal (Yeah right)
Obama: No, Romney Was Wrong. Russia Is Weak, Not Strong.
Obama: OFA volunteers doing ‘God’s work’
Obama: Obamacare Has Given Free Contraception to 100 Million Americans
Obama: Ongoing Obamacare Problems Don't Reflect On My Personal Management Style
Obama: Perhaps Racism Has Something to Do with My Ugly Approval Ratings? (Whines the Racist)
Obama: Pope Didn't Raise Obamacare 'In Detail' But I Told Vatican Sec. of State 'Most Religious
Obama: Pope Francis Doesn’t Need ‘Advice from Me About Staying Humble’
Obama: Pot laws 'important to society'
Obama: Presidents ‘don’t start with a clean slate’
Obama: Putin Uses Tough Guy 'Schtick'
Obama: Putin may have 'additional plans'
Obama: Putin will lose — eventually [or so, or something...]
Obama: Republican Efforts to Stop 'Imperial Presidency' Not 'Serious'
Obama: Republicans Must Be Embarrassed For Having Done So Little
Obama: Right to vote under threat in the US
Obama: Russia must pull back troops from Ukraine border
Obama: Senate's failure to confirm DOJ nominee is a 'travesty'
Obama: Set Aside Belief That Government Can't Fix Inequality (video)
Obama: Signing Up for Obamacare Is 'Just Part of Growing Up'
Obama: Some People Dislike Me Because They Don't Like That I'm Black
Obama: Stimulus Success Has Made Critics Eat Their Words
Obama: The Cheese Stands Alone. (Not because it’s so smelly)
Obama: The Enemy of “Lives as Usual”
Obama: The media’s misleading people by reporting invasion of Crimea as clever strategic move
Obama: Time is Running Out for Peace "Bibi, if not now, when?" President Obama says
Obama: Too Many Leaders Claim Solidarity With Mandela (truncated title)
Obama: US can help more join the middle class
Obama: US economy 'profoundly unequal'
Obama: US must rethink water as climate changes
Obama: US won't be able to defend Israel if peace talks fail
Obama: US won’t be able to defend Israel if peace talks fail
Obama: Ukraine, Syria are not pieces on ‘some Cold-War chessboard’
Obama: Unemployment Benefits' Expiration "Just Plain Cruel" [Republicans Not Torturers?]
Obama: We sent Putin a message on gay issue
Obama: We've doubled the number of dogs in the White House in 2013 (lists as an accomplishment)
Obama: Well, that's embarrasing.
Obama: We’re not going to war with Russia over Crimea
Obama: What goes around!
Obama: Yeah, a lot of you won’t be able to keep your doctor after all
Obama: Yellen a ‘fierce champion’ for Americans
Obama: Yes, Mandela has passed, but everything is a celebration of me.
Obama: You Can't Keep Your Doctor
Obama: You Might Lose Your Doctor Under Obamacare
Obama: [Ugandas] Anti-gay law would 'complicate' relationship with Uganda
Obama: yes to terrorism abetter, no to little sisters of the poor
Obama: ‘Biden Will Go Down In History As One Of The Best Vice Presidents Ever’
Obama: ‘Freedom of Religion Is Under Threat’
Obama: ‘If Distracted by problem, we’re not solving it’
Obama: ‘Immigration People’ Won’t Find Out About Illegal Relatives if You Enroll in Obamacare
Obama: ‘I’m Not Going to Not Do Anything Without Congress, Not When…’
Obama: ‘Many folks’ will lose their doctors under Obamacare
Obama: ‘My jeans fit very well’
Obama: ‘Unchecked’ Carbon Pollution Had ‘Severe Impacts on Our Weather’
Obama: ‘Whenever I can take steps without legislation,’ I will
Obama: “I'm holding every cabinet member accountable"
Obama: “More Opportunities with Iran” Student “Exchange Programs” with Iranian Universities
Obama: ´I have lived out the promise of LBJ´s efforts´
Obama:Amnesty Bill that Rewards Illegals Means 'Everyone Plays by the Same Rules'
ObamaCar Replacement Batteries Cost $34,000 According to GM Dealers
ObamaCare Ad Shows “Pajama Boy” Shoving Knife Into Turkey, Slicing Hand Open
ObamaCare Chaos Continues
ObamaCare Created a Medicaid Time Bomb
ObamaCare Cuts To Home Health Become Reality
ObamaCare Defender Forced to Try ObamaCare says, “I Feel Like a Dupe”.
ObamaCare Delay Number 38
ObamaCare Dumped $1.2 Billion Into Failing State Exchanges
ObamaCare Embarrassment: More Lose Insurance Than Gain It
ObamaCare Employer Mandate: A (very long national) List Of Cuts To Work Hours, Jobs
ObamaCare Enrollment Slows To Crawl, State Data Show (minnesota,nevada,washington)
ObamaCare Found To Restrict Where You Live And Travel
ObamaCare Impact Upon Economy Worse than Originally Thought
ObamaCare Leading to Less Medical Care
ObamaCare Mailbox Ad Should be Template for All Republicans
ObamaCare May Devastate the Real Estate and Travel Industries
ObamaCare Mess Continues to Pile Up
ObamaCare New Year Day's Surprise - Deep Cuts to Medicare Home Health
ObamaCare Question: How Many People Do You Think Will Have PAID For Health Insurance by Dec. 23?
ObamaCare Questions
ObamaCare Raises Health Insurance Premiums, Especially For The Young
ObamaCare Raises Health Insurance Premiums, Especially For The Young [Consequences Happen]
ObamaCare Subsidy ‘Workaround’ Could Put Small Insurers Out of Business (Pelosi knew)
ObamaCare Website Plagued by Security Problems
ObamaCare Will Remove Workers From Labor Force
ObamaCare ad reveals infantile assumptions
ObamaCare and Drug Poverty
ObamaCare and My Mother's Cancer Medicine
ObamaCare and the Imperial Presidency
ObamaCare approval drops to record low
ObamaCare blowin’ in the wind
ObamaCare botch fuels Dem feud in Maryland
ObamaCare coming to vending machines, next to the chips and nuts
ObamaCare contractor faces mid-December deadline or disaster [too urgent to bid-out]
ObamaCare deadline extended again (but first you must beg for "leniency")
ObamaCare delays show that the law isn’t worth the pain
ObamaCare dooming Democrats for the fall (O/Care's "Promised Land" a Dem dump)
ObamaCare enrollment tops 1 million (More Medicaid Mooches)
ObamaCare enrollments dip
ObamaCare fibs make President the year’s biggest liar
ObamaCare for the Vast Majority
ObamaCare forces poor cancer patients into crippling debt
ObamaCare is as bad in Spanish as it is in English (CuidadoDeSalud.gov a beeg bust)
ObamaCare makes it more difficult to buy insurance year-round
ObamaCare patients with serious pre-existing diseases could face expensive drug costs (NOT covered)
ObamaCare premiums to double in some areas next year
ObamaCare provision empowers Bureaucrats to decide who lives and who dies
ObamaCare stars fade
ObamaCare tax cost 33,000 jobs, medical trade group says
ObamaCare “Enrollment Event” draws ZERO people in Illinois
ObamaCare's Phony Medicaid Promise Exposed
ObamaCare's Potemkin Village Website Written In Belarus?
ObamaCare's Secret Mandate Exemption (IMPORTANT TAX EXEMPTION FOR ALL FREEPERS)
ObamaCare's real goal was population control
ObamaCare, Doctor Shortage To Spur $2 Billion Telehealth Market - Forbes
ObamaCare, Obama Support Hit Record Lows In New Poll
ObamaCare: $56,819 To Sign Up Each Enrollee In Hawaii (Massachusetts - $22,124 per enrollee)
ObamaCare: 5 Land Mines Dead Ahead For Health Law
ObamaCare: A Christmas Gift from the Poor to the Rich-deck the halls with class hatred, demonization
ObamaCare: A Word of Warning from Britain
ObamaCare: Could it Transform American
ObamaCare: Less Work is Good (with Groucho Marx)
ObamaCare: Older Workers Could Pay 25% Of Income
ObamaCare: the mistake America could not afford
ObamaCare: ‘Liberating’ the Workers-why choosing not to work is a good thing
ObamaCare’s Date with Destiny Approaches: Are we being set up for a bailout of insurance companies?
ObamaCare’s Medicaid Expansion quietly enables states to confiscate assets from dead seniors
ObamaCare’s New Year’s Day Surprise: Deep Cuts to Medicare
ObamaCare’s contraception fight against the Little Sisters of the Poor
ObamaCare’s four biggest lies
ObamaCare’s latest whopper (Here come the Deathpanels)
ObamaCare’s use expected to spike beginning next week [don't blame law for problems]
ObamaFail: Jimmy Kimmel Shreds ObamaCare And It’s Young Supporters in Hilarious Spoof (Video)
ObamaSpeak on Iran, Israel and Islam
Obamabot Beyoncé Posts Photo of Her Blocking Jesus In “Last Supper” Painting
Obamacare 'Bailout' For One Insurer Will Cost Up To $450 Million In 2014
Obamacare 'Deductible' Shock–Just 14% Understand Insurance Lingo
Obamacare 'perfect storm': Feds reveal 10 percent error rate ("834" errors)
Obamacare 'perfect storm': Low enrollments, bad data
Obamacare - Corporate Wealth Transfer or 'The New Capitalism'?
Obamacare - Day 64
Obamacare - bidens way out
Obamacare = Calvinball
Obamacare And The Fraudulent Turk
Obamacare Architect Warns ‘Kiss Your Insurance Company Good-Bye Forever’
Obamacare Architect: 'You Don't Need a Doctor for Every Part of Your Health Care'
Obamacare Architect: If You Like Your Doctor, You Can Pay More
Obamacare Architect: ‘Be Prepared to Kiss Your Insurance Company Good-Bye Forever’
Obamacare Bailout Planned for Insurance Companies
Obamacare Bars Illegal Immigrants—and Sticks Hospitals With the Bill
Obamacare Can't Work? What a Surprise!
Obamacare Can’t Be the GOP’s 2014 Silver Bullet
Obamacare Changes in One Infographic
Obamacare Confusion Begins as Hospitals Unable to Verify Healthcare Plans
Obamacare Confusion Reigns as Frustrated Patients Walk Out of Hospitals Without Treatment
Obamacare Contractor Blamed for Slow Medicare Payments to Hospitals
Obamacare Contractor Blamed for Slow Medicare Payments to Hospitals (Employees not being paid)
Obamacare Cost-Sharing Reduction (CSR) Silver Plan Health Insurance
Obamacare Costing Missouri Schools $150,000 In Fines
Obamacare Court Ruling in Halbig a Major Blow to Opt-Out States
Obamacare Deadline Q&A: Where We Are, What's Next
Obamacare Debacle Tightens Key Senate Races (RATS still own it)
Obamacare Dragging Down (exempt) Sen. Hagan's Popularity in NC: Poll
Obamacare Dumps Unpaid Bills on Providers
Obamacare Enrollees 'Finding it Impossible to Cancel Their Plans'
Obamacare Enrollment Deadline: Success or April Fool's Day Joke???
Obamacare Enrollment Error Rate: One in Four
Obamacare Enrollment Numbers Faked
Obamacare Enrollment Numbers? 'They Are Lying to Us,' Rep. Blackburn Says
Obamacare Faces Judgment - This week, the courts are weighing it. (John Fund)
Obamacare Fixes Hide a Big Mess on the Back End (Pelosi knew)
Obamacare Has Lost the Uninsured
Obamacare Has to Go
Obamacare Hurting Illinois Police Officers
Obamacare Ignites Revolution Inside The Democratic Party
Obamacare Increasing Price of Health Care
Obamacare Initiates Self-Destruction Sequence
Obamacare Is Dead
Obamacare Is Falling Apart Before Our Eyes
Obamacare Is Good Enough for Government Work
Obamacare Is Just Another Word For Laws We Ignore Together
Obamacare Is Over (If You Want It)
Obamacare Is The Perfect Example Of The Williamson-Whittle Analysis At Work
Obamacare Is a Fitting Noose Around Democrats' Necks
Obamacare Just Keeps on Tanking
Obamacare Kills More Health Plans for Workers
Obamacare Kills Opie & Anthony's Healthcare Plans, and They're Pissed
Obamacare Leaves Some Patients High and Dry
Obamacare May Have Unforeseen Mobility Impacts
Obamacare May Make It 'Literally Impossible' in US Territories to Buy Insurance
Obamacare Medicaid Split Creates Two Americas for Poor (Time to vote for RATS)
Obamacare Mission Accomplished: “The debate over repealing this law is over”???
Obamacare Navigators Enrolling At Mexican Consulates (Dummycrat voter fraud alert)
Obamacare Navigators Helping People Enroll At Mexican Consulates
Obamacare Navigators Helping People Enroll At Mexican Consulates (illegal aliens get covered!)
Obamacare Network Vulnerable To Cyber Attack [Belarus Malware Feared]
Obamacare Offers Health Insurance, Not Health Care
Obamacare Official: We Have No Clue How Many People Have Paid for New Coverage
Obamacare Optimists Find Comfort in History at Their Peril
Obamacare Outsourced
Obamacare Plans Bring Hefty Fees for Certain Drugs
Obamacare Pork to UAW Rolled Out Without a Glitch
Obamacare Premiums Set To Double
Obamacare Prescription: Fair Share of Less Care
Obamacare Programmers obviously cannot read
Obamacare Propaganda in TV Scripts?
Obamacare Pushing Puerto Rico Further Into Social Welfare State, Doctors Warn
Obamacare Q&A: Will a tax lien affect my premium tax credit?
Obamacare Recruiting Illegals in California [Joe Wilson was right when he said "You lie!" to Obama]
Obamacare Reg Treats Congress That Spent $3.5 Trillion as a ‘Small Business’
Obamacare Report Card: Progress, But Long Climb Ahead
Obamacare Rules Leave Some Domestic Violence Victims Without Escape
Obamacare Rules Threaten to Torch Volunteer Fire Departments
Obamacare S.O.S. Selling Socialism: the New American Dream.
Obamacare Shock: Strip Assets From Dead Seniors (Medicaid)
Obamacare Should Remind Us We Are Not 'Subjects,' We Are People
Obamacare Showdown: Missouri Bill to Gut Obamacare, Ban Penalties, Ban Healthcare Exchange
Obamacare Shows America Suffers From A President Dangerously Disconnected From Reality
Obamacare Shows America's Aversion to Big Government Policies
Obamacare Signups For Private Plans Surpass 3 Million (link only)
Obamacare Site For Congressional Staffers Crashes (what crasheth for me, crasheth for thee!)
Obamacare Subsidies: How an Extra $1 in Income Can Cost You Thousands
Obamacare Supporters Troll Ted Cruz on Facebook
Obamacare System Issues Mean “Enrollees” May Not Actually be Covered
Obamacare Taxmageddon 2014 is Here
Obamacare Turns 4: The (Very) Long, Strange Trip to Now
Obamacare Underwater With Collegians
Obamacare Vending Machine Mandate Expected to Cost Millions
Obamacare Victims Are “Liars,” Says Top Democrat (anything to distract from Benghazi)
Obamacare Website Fails as Deadline Arrives
Obamacare Whac-A-Mole
Obamacare Will Also Cost You More On Veterinarian Visits
Obamacare Will End Drug Advances and Europe's Free Ride [95% of new drugs are made for sale in U.S.]
Obamacare Will Kill Jobs, Worsen Poverty, Slow Economic Growth and Drive Up Your Medical Costs
Obamacare Will Tax You Even AFTER You Die!
Obamacare Will Usher In A Two-Tiered Health Care System
Obamacare ads to hit the Olympic slopes
Obamacare and Jobs in One Chart
Obamacare and Latinos: why a crucial constituency is wary of signing up
Obamacare and the Assault on Individual Liberty
Obamacare and the Corruption of the Rule of Law
Obamacare and the Magic Beanie; an allegory as told by Calvin and Hobbes
Obamacare and the Price of Bad Habits
Obamacare anniversary provides more 2014 fodder
Obamacare anti-obesity rules require signage near elevators on calories burned by using stairs
Obamacare architect: Law will cause 'the end of employer-sponsored insurance'
Obamacare as a verb
Obamacare author says it will cause most employers to stop offering insurance
Obamacare birth control mandate doesn't violate nuns' rights: US ('Just submit and it will be OK')
Obamacare blamed for increases in insurance costs (Media spin!)
Obamacare blocks patients paying for treatment (with own money)
Obamacare burns down fire departments
Obamacare clears the tower
Obamacare consumers: Time to pay up
Obamacare deadbeats: Some don't pay up
Obamacare deadbeats: Some don't pay up (Husseincare cancellations? Pelosi knew)
Obamacare enrollees hit snags at doctor's offices
Obamacare enrollment in California surges
Obamacare enrollment rides a bus into the Mississippi Delta
Obamacare enrollment rises by 1 million in January
Obamacare enrollment tops six million as deadline looms: White House (So What?)
Obamacare exchanges face scrutiny, questions of mismanagement
Obamacare exit strategy brings endless waits on hold: Thought signing up was hard? Try canceling
Obamacare falls 38 million short
Obamacare for Illegals (Was Joe Wilson right?)
Obamacare for Obama? Not Yet, Carney Says
Obamacare has 7.5 million sign ups, Kathleen Sebelius says
Obamacare has led to health coverage for [9.5] millions more [uninsured] people
Obamacare highlights Barack Obama's inverse genius
Obamacare impact: Cutting hours, going part time
Obamacare in Nevada
Obamacare is a disaster: Ted Cruz
Obamacare is for your grandma — Kentucky enrollments skew heavily old
Obamacare is junk insurance, part ten
Obamacare is toast
Obamacare leaves Las Vegas man owing $407,000 in doctor bills [link only]
Obamacare marketplace violates federal security law
Obamacare may kill Mr. Brick Williams: One example of "Obama lied, people died"
Obamacare may not be substantially reducing the number of uninsured
Obamacare may prompt people to work less
Obamacare meltdown on schedule: Only a quarter of Obamacare enrollees are 18-34
Obamacare merry-go-round: Regulations, subsidies, taxes, more subsidies
Obamacare navigator can email your confidential information to his home computer
Obamacare needs more enrollees to work well
Obamacare or Not Obamacare? (RATS, family members ignore Pelosi's policing)
Obamacare outreach hits the clubs
Obamacare outreach hits the clubs (They're trying to enroll people in gay bars)
Obamacare patients socked with huge cash bills flee hospitals
Obamacare payment system will take months to complete, White House says
Obamacare poster designs
Obamacare proves all we believe about Obama supporters
Obamacare push for the young enters 11th hour(freeloaders in Husseincare ad)
Obamacare raised the cost of your kids’ braces
Obamacare remakes the economy -- and it's not all that bad
Obamacare rules on equal coverage delayed: NY Times [more illegal Obamacare delays]
Obamacare tax credit suit rejected
Obamacare teeters (Sign up early? You lose)
Obamacare to Nowhere (Saturbray)
Obamacare vs Bureaucrats: A Battle that Hopefully Will Have Lots of Casualties
Obamacare vs. UPS and FEDEX
Obamacare wants YOU!
Obamacare website failure: 18K West Virginians forced to re-enroll
Obamacare will kill you!
Obamacare will push 2 million workers out of labor market: CBO
Obamacare won't even let policy holders update their health insurance to include a new BABY
Obamacare ‘Definitely Saw the Galifianakis Bump’
Obamacare ‘tech surge’ fails to fix wrong prices, plans
Obamacare “Sticker-Shock” Hits More Americans
Obamacare — The Lump of Coal in America’s Stocking
Obamacare's 'mandate' meltdown
Obamacare's Architects Plugged Their Ears and Misled Public
Obamacare's Dismal California Numbers
Obamacare's Medicaid Fraud
Obamacare's Newest Delay and GOP's Slumber
Obamacare's Next Brilliant Marketing Brand: Mom Jeans!
Obamacare's Next Problem: Doc Shock
Obamacare's Not-So-Elite Eight
Obamacare's Oh-bummers for Americans
Obamacare's Perilous Protection Plan for Debtors
Obamacare's Rocky Rollout Improves Republicans' 2014 Outlook
Obamacare's Spanish-Language Website Full of Errors (Surprise, Surprise)
Obamacare's Threats to Religious Freedom
Obamacare's problem: You can't fix stupid
Obamacare, Atlas Shrugged, and the Imperial Super-President
Obamacare, the end of the progressive era
Obamacare, where the liberal dream crashes and burns
Obamacare-Colluders Anonymous: Stop the cycle of addiction to the lifeblood of the American patient
Obamacare: "intentionally designed to screw over young people"
Obamacare: 3.4 M Could Be the Real Sign-Up Number
Obamacare: Abuse of Power Endangers the Nation's Health
Obamacare: Administration Grants More “Hardship” Exemptions
Obamacare: America Moves Into a New Dimension of Sound and Shadow
Obamacare: An uneven playing field for hospitals
Obamacare: Asian-Americans sign up in droves; Latinos disproportionately stay away
Obamacare: California enrollees make up nearly a third of nation's total
Obamacare: California health exchange tops 1 million, big motivator in type of plan -- price
Obamacare: California proving new health care law can work
Obamacare: California's health insurance enrollment soars
Obamacare: Californians signing up at a stunning rate
Obamacare: Covered California's 3 million enrollees to increase by another 500,000
Obamacare: Economic Boon?
Obamacare: Fairness in the Shadow of Perpetual Adolescence
Obamacare: Fifteen percent of Covered California enrollees haven't paid
Obamacare: Fundamental Transformation
Obamacare: Good enough for America, but not for the president
Obamacare: Hundreds of thousands of Californians finally get health insurance
Obamacare: If You Like Your Facts ... You can Keep Them
Obamacare: Know Your Rates
Obamacare: My Crestor went from $30 to $180.
Obamacare: Now Appearing On Your Restaurant Bill
Obamacare: Political Napalm for Dems in 2014
Obamacare: Silence of the Insurers
Obamacare: Taxpayers in the Hole for $1.5 Trillion
Obamacare: The Final Payment ___ Raiding the Assets of Low-Income and Poor Americans
Obamacare: They Shoot Horses Don´t They?
Obamacare: Tom Coburn loses cancer doctor
Obamacare: Two Bay Area legislators want to expand law's subsidies in high-cost areas
Obamacare: We’re Workin-arounding as Fast as We Can. That’s an estimate.
Obamacare: What Happens Once Everyone Is Insured?
Obamacare: Workplace Disaster Ahead
Obamacare: You Can Get In, But Can You Get Out?
Obamacare: You're not insured until you pay
Obamacare: “It’s a Wonderful Lie”
Obamacare’s $70 billion pay cut
Obamacare’s 29 hour work week, which was created by Democrats, disproportionately hurts women
Obamacare’s 30-Hour Workweek Challenged by GOP
Obamacare’s Attack on the Work Ethic
Obamacare’s Cornhusker Nemesis
Obamacare’s Fishy Navigators (In New Mexico, 38 of them turned up in a federal crime database)
Obamacare’s Next Challenge: IRS Verification
Obamacare’s Pajama Boy: ‘I am a liberal f***’
Obamacare’s Sales Pitch to Millennials: "Booze, Sex, and Healthcare!"
Obamacare’s Scorekeepers Deliver a Game-Changer
Obamacare’s Stunning Redistribution of Wealth (Vote buying is in full swing now)
Obamacare’s Unpopularity Rises Among Uninsured
Obamacare’s homecare cuts to hit sick and old New Years Day
Obamacare’s too expensive for ya? Cancel your cable, peasant!
Obamacare’s ultimate pitfall
Obamacare’s ‘Hardship Exemption’ May Put Law on Life Support
Obamacare’s ‘Pajama Boy’ was accused of racism, anti-Semitism
Obamaland: Where Americans are now "folks" and the American Bald Eagle is collateral damage
Obamaloans
Obamanomics Is Killing Jobs; GOP Fiddles
Obamanomics Is Ticking Time Bomb For Millennial Generation
Obamanomics in Action: 260,000 College Graduates in Minimum Wage Jobs
Obamas America Starting to Look Like Maos Communist China
Obamas Arrive In S. FL For Visit At Coral Reef Senior High
Obamas Dangerous Double Standard on Spying, Pollard
Obamas Photo Drama at Mandela Memorial
Obamas Work Trap
Obamas and friends dine, catch Denzel Washington on Broadway in NYC night out
Obamas cheer Oregon State at Stan Sheriff Center
Obamas get into holiday mood at benefit concert
Obamas make burritos for MLK service project
Obamas pay $98,169 in taxes on income of $481,098
Obamas set new record for vacation travel expenses; stonewalled documents finally released
Obamas to host event on paying for college [fed funding tied to rating system]
Obamas to travel to Hawaii next Friday
Obamas to travel to South Africa next week
Obama’s 2013 Hawaiian vacation -- what's wrong with Dollywood?
Obama’s 2014 War on the Poor: More unemployment benefits and a higher minimum wage
Obama’s Absentee Foreign Affairs Leadership
Obama’s Afghanistan Experts Stumped on U.S. Death Toll, War Costs During Hearing
Obama’s Ambassador to Norway Is Donor Who Knows Nothing About Norway
Obama’s Ambassador to Norway Knows Nothing About Norway
Obama’s Attack on Workers
Obama’s Attempt to Disarm and Disable the US Military
Obama’s Betrayal of Israel as a Jewish State
Obama’s Brother Joins Hamas, Wears Scarf Saying ‘Jerusalem Is Ours; We Are Coming’
Obama’s CFPB records ‘bad behavior’ by debt collectors without investigating complaints
Obama’s Choice for Surgeon General is Anti-Gun Activist
Obama’s Christmas Card Contains No Mention of Christ or Christmas But Does Include the Obama Dogs
Obama’s Convoluted Priorities
Obama’s DOJ civil rights nominee represented cop killer Mumia Abu-Jamal
Obama’s Dismal Legacy of European-Style Long-Run Unemployment (Long article)
Obama’s Facebook Strategy for Ukraine
Obama’s Failed Islamist Outreach
Obama’s Failed Libyan War
Obama’s Fantasy-Based Foreign Policy
Obama’s First Occidental College Protest in Support of Mandela Was Sponsored By Marxists
Obama’s Foreign Policy Disasters
Obama’s Foreign Policy: Enemy Action
Obama’s Free-Trade Conundrum
Obama’s Fundamental Transformation of Photojourn-O-lism Is Complete: Selfies!
Obama’s Half Brother “Disappointed” In Obama’s Lies
Obama’s Half-Brother Is Trying to Mortify Him
Obama’s Half-Brother to Set the Record ‘Straight’...'A Lot of That Stuff Barack Wrote Is Wrong’
Obama’s Half-Brother ‘Floored’ About President’s Lying About Meeting Him
Obama’s Half-Brother: ‘Barack Thought I Was Too White’
Obama’s Hammer & Sickle ready to drop on the Free World
Obama’s Handshake with Castro
Obama’s High School Pot Dealer Murdered Over ‘Flatulence’
Obama’s IRS scandal: Stonewalling is not exoneration
Obama’s Illegal Alien Aunt: ‘You Have The Obligation to Make Me a Citizen’ (Video)
Obama’s Illegal Immigration Free-For-All
Obama’s Increasingly Weak And Frivolous Presidency
Obama’s Inequality Sophistry Is a Recipe for Misery
Obama’s Interior Secretary to Dying Eskimos: “I’ve Listened to Your Stories, Now I Have to
Obama’s Iraq. The Affordable Care Act is an administration-defining failure.
Obama’s Journey from Arrogance to Incompetence
Obama’s Libyan legacy
Obama’s Life Story Continues To Unravel…
Obama’s Losing Bet on Iran (NYT Op-Ed Max Boot)
Obama’s Massive Debt Made Possible By Establishment Republicans
Obama’s Middle East Fantasies
Obama’s Minimum Wage Push: ‘Fairy-Tale Economics’
Obama’s Move to Surrender Control of the Internet Endangers Freedom Here and Abroad
Obama’s NSA announcements just the starting point
Obama’s New Budget: Burden of Government Spending Rises More than Twice as Fast as Inflation
Obama’s Newspeak [VDH]
Obama’s Next HHS Secretary Doesn’t Really Have Health-Care Experience
Obama’s Next Role: Poseable Executive Action Figure
Obama’s Nuclear Naïveté
Obama’s Orwellian View Of Freedom
Obama’s Path From Critic to Overseer of Spying
Obama’s Phony scandals and O’Reilly thrash it out in the Fox’s No-Spin Zone
Obama’s Pointless Dog and Pony Show
Obama’s Poison Pill for Putin and other Quick Takes
Obama’s Post-2014 Plan: Unilateral Amnesty WARNING! if you have a short fuse, pluck it from that TNT
Obama’s Pseudo-Scientism: Too hot? Too cold? Regardless, it must be global warming. (VDH)
Obama’s Puzzle: Economy Rarely Better, Approval Rarely Worse (NY Times barf alert)
Obama’s Road to Serfdom
Obama’s Rough 2013 Prompts a New Blueprint (Podesta: Need to remember Harry Reid's not president)
Obama’s Second Term Is All About Climate Change
Obama’s Spelling Snafu: Obama Flubs Spelling of 'R-E-S-P-E-C-T' During Aretha Franklin Tribute
Obama’s Sunny Presser: Millions Will Have Health Insurance on January 1
Obama’s Treasonous Squandering of American Power
Obama’s Trifecta - He's violated each of the First Amendment’s parts
Obama’s True Legacy: Not Healthcare
Obama’s Two Millionth Deportation (We NEED more invaders - Barf!)
Obama’s Underpants Gnome Economy
Obama’s War on America: Killing Coal to Kill U.S. Electrical Power
Obama’s War on Israel
Obama’s Watergate moment is here
Obama’s World: Embrace and Appeasement, not Realism
Obama’s agenda: EPA leading the charge on climate change
Obama’s birthday gift to his wife? Time off, alone
Obama’s cousin wants to be the next Ted Cruz
Obama’s despotic rule: Montesquieu knew this would happen
Obama’s foreign policy based on belief that weaker U.S. is key to peace
Obama’s greatest hits: Can the country survive any more foreign policy successes?
Obama’s green energy benefactor plans $100 million midterm push
Obama’s grip on younger voters slips (nearly half would recall the Kenyan)
Obama’s kiss and tell: Follows smooch with boast of not needing Congress to act
Obama’s next executive-action push: “Climate hubs” and sub-hubs? What?
Obama’s not finished — but Democrats may regret it
Obama’s path was shaped by Mandela’s story
Obama’s pathetic response to Putin’s invasion of Crimea
Obama’s placating Iran means even more trouble for Israel and America
Obama’s power play (Deeper and broader than you think)
Obama’s promise of executive action leads to disappointment
Obama’s promise zones violate both the intent and letter of law!
Obama’s proposed Minimum Wage
Obama’s rating worse than Bush’s, worst since Nixon
Obama’s rough 2013 prompts a new blueprint
Obama’s science czar: Opposing climate views outside the ‘mainstream scientific opinion’
Obama’s solo strategy to pit GOP anger vs. Democrat zeal: Tries to win Congress by acting without it
Obama’s speech at Mandela memorial cost taxpayers $5 million
Obama’s speech at Mandela memorial will cost taxpayers $500,000 per minute
Obama’s surgeon general nominee Dr. Vivek Murthy is a radical gun grabber
Obama’s uncle contradicts White House, says Obama stayed with him in 1980s
Obama’s use of executive power faces reckoning at Supreme Court
Obama’s vacation plans in jeopardy
Obama’s weakness emboldens Putin
Obama’s year of missteps
Obama’s ‘Champion Of Change’ Amnesty Advocate Indicted for Immigration Fraud
Obama’s ‘income inequality’ deeper from bailing out his rich Wall Street donors
Obama’s “Gates” of Hell Have Opened!
Obama’s “Right to Worship” Ushers in New State Religion
Obamcare 'Fix' Could Cause More Problems
Obenshain and the AG Recount
Obenshain to concede Virginia attorney general’s race on Wednesday in Richmond
Oberlin College Sued Over French Professor’s Alleged Harassment ( Muslims )
Oberweis found wintering in Florida a week ahead of Tuesday's primary
Oberweis shunned by fellow Republicans
Obesity report calls for government intervention
Obituary: Bill Eves [Funny!]
Obituary: Windows XP passes away, leaving behind millions of mourning supporters
Object thrown at Hillary Clinton during speech [described as a shoe.........]
Obsessive-Compulsive Racism and the Black Guilt Complex
Occultism Under a Catholic Name
Occupier Wins $80,000 Settlement With City For Hurting His Thumb and Giving Him Nightmares
Occupy . . . . (Kitty vanity)
Occupy Google: Income Inequality Backlash Hits Silicon Valley
Occupy founder calls on Obama to appoint Eric Schmidt "CEO of America"
Ocean waves help quake scientists make predictions for the Big One
Ochre hand imprint of Homo erectus revealed
October 14, 2013: The Army’s $5 Billion New Uniform Already Being Replaced
October housing price data show 'boom is fading'
Octomom Charged with Welfare Fraud
Octomom Nadya Suleman pleads not guilty to welfare fraud charges
Octomom Suleman charged with welfare fraud
Odds of Alien Life 'Very High,' House Panel Hears
Odds of GOP taking back the Senate: 80+ percent?
Odon childbirth device: Car mechanic uncorks a revolution
Of Camels, Archaeology, and CNG Pickups
Of Course He Should Be Impeached
Of Course the Law Should Tolerate Plural Marriages
Of Persistent Obamacare Gremlins and Other Health Care Policy Failures
Of Pre- and Post-Modern Poseurs ... VDH
Of Pre- and Postmodern Poseurs [Zero and Putin]
Of Sex, Age and Politics
Of the Viet Cong and Radical Feminist Nuns
Of the four types of actors liberal politicians only fit into one...
Off Grid Attack: EPA To Outlaw Many Wood Burning Stoves
Off-Duty Firefighter Puts Out Truck Fire With Cans of Beer
Off-Duty Officer Fatally Shot Outside Bellwood (IL) VFW
Off-duty UT officer kills suspected burglar
Off-duty pilot convicted of groping girl on flight
Offended Generation
Office of Special Counsel targets Hatch Act violations at IRS
OfficeSuite Professional 7 (Android) Free on Amazon.com Today
Officer Shoots and Kills Teen With Schizophrenia: “We don’t have time for this”
Officer in Palm Beach County Facing Charges for Not Disclosing HIV Status: Officials
Officer shoots and kills attacking pit bull
Officer shot, suspect dead after car bursts into flames in Woodson Terrace
Officer's death reopens wounds (another victim of Tsarnaevs)
Officers Of 76th Russian Shock Troops Division Operating In Ukraine
Officers acquitted in California homeless death
Officers but not gentlemen: Pentagon's naughty list
Official Communiqué: Tridentine Mass Banned in Costa Rica
Official Policy: Male Federal Workers Can Use Women's Restrooms, Locker Rooms
Official Who Released Obama’s Birth Certificate Dies in Mysterious Plane Crash
Official in Merkel’s bureau meets with anti-Zionist Jews (“Neturei Karta”)
Official in charge of Obamacare website suddenly retiring
Official who OK'd Obama birth papers dies in crash
Official: Al-Qaeda has enough arms to take Baghdad
Official: U.S. airstrike in Somalia targets suspected militant leader
Officials 'convinced' Two Communications Systems on Missing Jet Were Deliberately Shut Off
Officials Say Accused Reseda Killer Is Iraq Veteran With PTSD
Officials Say Meningitis Kills 3 LA County Residents, Poses Higher Risk For Gay Community
Officials Say Missing Malaysia Airlines Plane "Ended in the Southern Indian Ocean"
Officials Warn Against Celebratory Gunfire On NYE
Officials assure W.Va. chemical spill won't harm Kentuckiana residents
Officials find more than 100 people in Houston house in suspected human smuggling operation
Officials grappled with whether to inform public about unsterilized forceps
Officials identify Euharlee teenager killed in officer-involved shooting
Officials identify cause in deaths of 2 US SEALs
Officials in Connecticut Stunned by What Could Be a Massive, State-Wide Act of ‘Civil Disobedience’
Officials in a California City Threaten Gun Store Over Sign Featuring An AR-15,
Officials protest Texas plan to execute Mexican citizen
Officials: 16,000 Iowans should reapply for health care
Officials: About 18 missing in Washington mudslide
Officials: Attacked immigrants were surrendering
Officials: Ban Still in Effect, Water Readings Improving (West Virginia Chemical Spill)
Officials: Colorado high school shooting victim Claire Davis dies in hospital
Officials: Dispute between CHP officer, firefighter an 'isolated incident'
Officials: Iranian diplomat killed in Yemen
Officials: Kerry Way Out of His League in Talks
Officials: Members and Staff Can Still Enroll in Exchanges After Dec. 9 [Another waiver for elite]
Officials: Peachtree Rock was bound to fall
Officials: Reports of a shot fired on Kent State Campus near Bowman Hall
Officials: Reports of shots fired at Kirkwood H.S.
Officials: Turkish plane evacuated
Officials: US drone strike kills 13 in Yemen
Official’s testimony reveals IRS planned crackdown rules in 2012
Often Called ‘Presidents’ Day,’ But Really Washington’s Birthday
Oh Goodness, There Are Kit Kat Pizzas in Japan
Oh Look, It's Back! (Sustainable Development)
Oh My: Audit Finds Evidence of Widespread Voter Fraud in North Carolina
Oh No! America Makes More Rich Than Ever Before
Oh No! Another Black Conservative Republican Running For Office
Oh No, Too! America Regains Record Household Wealth
Oh This is Cruel: China Cancels Pandas to Malaysia in Retaliation for Bungled Plan Search
Oh We Got Trouble, Right Here In Bubble City: Real Income Fallinbg While House Prices Rise
Oh lord how I hate this winter! (Vanity)
Oh my: Mitch McConnell reportedly voting against Boehner/Ryan budget deal
Oh no! The Super Bowl might have bad weather (In February, in New York, whoda thunk it?)
Oh, Bam! President´s approval rating plummets to 38 percent overall, just 34 percent
Oh, Colorado! It's a Joker; It's a Smoker; It's a Midnight Toker
Oh, and by the way: Obama just quietly suspended ObamaCare’s individual mandate until 2016
Ohio 5th Grader Suspended for Pretending Finger Was a Gun?!
Ohio 8-year-old turns $20 into priceless gift
Ohio Catholic school fires teacher planning gay ‘marriage’: diocese strongly backs school
Ohio Democrat Blames Republicans for ‘103 Million Americans’ Losing Their Unemployment Benefits
Ohio Focus Group: Obama a ‘Disappointment’
Ohio House excuses schools, teachers for gun accidents
Ohio Lawmaker Withdraws Bill Described as a ‘Misguided Attack on Homeschooling’
Ohio National Guard Training Envisions Right-Wing Terrorism
Ohio National Guard Views Gun Rights Supporters as Terrorists
Ohio National Guard stages drill fighting fictional “right-wing terrorists”
Ohio Representative Moves to Impeach (Federal) Judge for Pro-Gay Rulings
Ohio State students upset Chris Matthews tapped as commencement speaker
Ohio boy, 10, gets suspended for finger gun
Ohio concealed-carry for teachers advances
Ohio driver stopped for speeding arrested with 50 BOMBS in his car and blueprints
Ohio family fighting forced chemo appeals ruling under Ohio's health care freedom amendment
Ohio firm hoping to sell police on eyes-in-the-sky technology
Ohio guards: Inmate was urged to fake suffocation
Ohio judge orders man to hold ‘I am a bully!’ sign
Ohio killer's execution takes almost 25 minutes
Ohio man's wish fulfilled as he is buried on motorcycle
Ohio mom that loathed name can change it to Sexy
Ohio teacher who allegedly told students US doesn't 'need another black president' suspended
Ohio traffic reporter's parody of the song 'Let it Go' from the Disney movie 'Frozen'
Oil & Gas Boom 2014: Jobs, Economic Growth And Security
Oil Financier Admits Cash Got Access To White House (Clinton's treated WH like cash register)
Oil Is Where the Growth Is, So Let's Drill
Oil Rig Worker Thinks He Saw Malaysia Air Flight 370 Go Down in Flames
Oil Spills and Propaganda Ploys
Oil Trains Start Rumbling Into California: Expect a Fierce Political Battle
Oil and gas spending to hit record in 2014 {$723 billion}
Oil and gas: A new frontier {China}
Oil begins flowing through Keystone XL’s southern leg
Oil companies pay $630M in Pennsylvania drilling fees
Oil from North Dakota improperly classified, officials say
Oil giant cutting jobs in Kern County
Oil industry battles tax change
Oil industry seeks break on gasoline sulfur limits
Oil reclaims $100, supply rise keeps gain in check
Oil rig worker says he saw missing plane go down: report
Oilsands rant is getting old (Neil Young, again)
Ok I have a question...What(Who)destroyed the California "GOP"?
Ok Let's Have Open Carry on Campus
Ok everyone what is everyone's plans for this Spring/Summer?
Ok, this is the best home security sign ever...
Okla. Sen. Coburn to retire after current session
Okla. pawn shop owner sues police after speed trap warning brings down heat
Okla. pharmacy won't give drug for Mo. execution
Oklahoma Adds New Drugs to Lethal-Injection Protocol
Oklahoma Bill Helps Moms Pressured to Abort Their Disabled Unborn Babies
Oklahoma Communist Party Releases Ad Promising End of Racism, Gay Marriage Under Communist USA
Oklahoma Congressman(R): Washington Redskins On 'Wrong Side Of History'
Oklahoma Considers Pro-Growth Tax Reform
Oklahoma Death Row Inmate's Clemency Request Denied
Oklahoma Fox station accidentally cuts evolution scene from 'Cosmos'
Oklahoma HB 2422 Religious Viewpoints Anti-Discrimination Act
Oklahoma Highway Patrol Reports Plane Down Near Cookson Airport
Oklahoma Homosexual Marriage Ban Overturned - States' Rights In Jeopardy
Oklahoma House Kills National Popular Vote Bill
Oklahoma House Speaker moving toward Senate bid (T.W. Shannon)
Oklahoma House Votes to Protect Property Rights from Feds and UN
Oklahoma Leaders Say Satanic Monument Unlikely
Oklahoma Man Loses Insurance Due to Obamacare, Owes $100K in Bills
Oklahoma Restaurant Owner Comes Under Fire Because He Doesn't 'Want Gays Around’
Oklahoma Second Amendment Day Monday Feb. 10th
Oklahoma State Department Heads Receive Massive Pay Increases
Oklahoma State Sen. Dahm's 'Piers Morgan' gun bill leads to future CNN showdown over 2nd Amendment
Oklahoma State Senate Votes To Bind State's Electoral Votes To National Popular Vote
Oklahoma State Senator Introduces "Piers Morgan Act" to Allow Open Carry
Oklahoma State freshman’s crude ‘GameDay’ sign lands him date with adult film star Lisa Ann
Oklahoma Tax Cuts Back on Track
Oklahoma Votes To Repeal Common Core…
Oklahoma Won't Apply for Constitutional Convention, Votes Not There | Article V
Oklahoma cop sues over firing after he cited 3-year-old for peeing in public
Oklahoma court resets executions amid drug search
Oklahoma pharmacy says it has not broken law in supplying lethal injection drugs
Oklahoma police say man killed stepfather with 'atomic wedgie'
Oklahoma-Texas border dispute has ranchers worried (BLM also pushing Texas Red River Range War)
Oklahoma: Looking for pictures of Second Amendment Day at the Capitol, 10 February
Oklahoma? Jim Bridenstine. Okay?
Oksana Baiul - Open Letter to Entertainment Tonight
Olathe district apologizes after only black students invited on trip
Olbermann to Esquire Magazine: 'I’ve Never Fought the Word Genius' Applied to Me
Old Homestead Steakhouse Is Offering a $150G Super Bowl-Sized Meal
Old Mexico Lives On (In The USA)
Old Nam Photos
Old dog, new home: Senior pooches find families thanks to Facebook page
Old seaman sets sail
Old times not forgotten during Confederate History Month
Oldest Human Footprints in North America Identified
Oldest evidence of sex in flowering plants
Oldest fortified settlement ever found in North America? Location of Fort Caroline may be in Georgia
Oldest-known Holocaust survivor dies at 110
Oleg Atbashian on TV: Ukraine, Putin & Propaganda
Olive Garden offering free babysitting to customers who want a date night
Oliver North Tears Into Obama White House’s ‘Leadership Deficit Disorder’ (CPAC)
Oliver Stone Does Venezuela
Oliver Stone and 'Jewish Domination'
Oliver Stone and Jeremy Scahill Rail Against Obama and His MSNBC Defenders
Oliver Stone goes full crackpot on Ukraine-Russia debacle
Oliver Stone’s Most Vicious Insult!
Olmert: Israel could evacuate 80,000 settlers
Olmert: Only an idiot prime minister would not make peace with Palestinians
Olmpic medals per capita
Olympic Advertisers Come Out in Support of Gay Rights
Olympic Athletes Demand the United Nations Act on Climate Change
Olympic Coverage Sweeps Soviet Horrors Under the Rug
Olympic Dream Over Before Games Begin
Olympic Google Doodle Takes Aim At Russian Antigay Law
Olympic TV announcers: Go Russia! Booooo USA!
Olympic Team Ice Skating standings
Olympic Watch - Beware of the Water, and Everything Else
Olympic athletes warned about wearing team gear
Olympic bathroom stall with two toilets raises eyebrows
Olympic figure skating star hailed as example for Catholics
Olympic win over U.S. cements the fact Canada is a hockey factory
Olympics 2014 Is NBC going to live stream events? (Vanity)
Olympics 2014: South Korea Had the Most Last-Place Finishes in Sochi
Olympics-Gay rights protesters detained in Russia as Games start
Olympics-Luge-Furious Niccum condemns 'gay lugers' video
Olympics-Russian Rodnina blames hacking for Obama Twitter gaffe
Omega-3 intake linked to signs of brain aging. [LOW]
Ominous warning: Admiral concedes U.S. losing dominance to China
Omnibus Funds ‘Permanent Extended Coffee Break’ for Dozens of DOJ Employees
Omnibus deal cuts EPA spending, ends light bulb ban
On 10th Anniversary Of ‘The Passion Of The Christ’: Hollywood, Take Mel Gibson Off Your Blacklist
On Being a Xenophobe and a Bigot
On Being an Abortion Doula
On CNN, Marc Lamont Hill Defends Melissa Harris-Perry, says Romney's Family Photo Was Exploitation
On Defense Cuts, Obama Just Comes Right Out And Says He Wants The Terrorists To Win
On Defensive, JPMorgan Hired China’s Elite
On Evangelical “Unease” Over Contraception
On Free Speech, Sarah Palin and Mark Steyn are Right
On Gaining The World...Mark 8 pt 4
On Gay Issue Arizona May Heed National Outcy
On Ice: 100-year-old negatives discovered in Antarctic
On Immigration, What Are the Republicans Thinking?
On John Boehner’s Temper Tantrum
On Kiev's streets, anti-government protesters see long game ahead
On Losing the Faith
On March 24, 1999, the U.S. bombed Kosovo. Putin has been planning his payback ever since.
On Our Resurrection From the Dead [Weekly Audience]
On PBS, David Brooks Mocks Ted Cruz As 'Our National Aphrodisiac'
On PBS, David Remnick Praises Obama Administration As Scandal-Free, Pro-Science
On Poverty and Unemployment, It's Left Versus Right
On Sale, Florida's Death Row For Women
On Saving or Losing Your Life...Mark 8 pt 10
On Second Thought, George Zimmerman Accepting Celebrity Boxing Challenge Is Pure Genius
On Suffering as A Remedy for Something Worse. A Meditation on a Teaching from St. Augustine
On TCM Wednesday: Ronald Reagan in "Brother Rat And A Baby" and "John Loves Mary"
On The Acceptance Of Evil...
On The Edge
On The Horizon
On The Spaciousness and Silence that Characterizes Deep Prayer
On Time Warps and Missing Feasts – A Critique of the Puzzling Cycle of Christmas Feast
On Twitter, @GabrielMalor Posts Stunning List Of Lefties Wrong On Right Wing Violence
On Ukraine, Obama’s Munich Moment
On Ukraine, One Difference Between Russia and the USA
On Ukraine, Putin holds all the cards and dictates the timetable
On Valentine’s Day Showing Your Love via Edible Arrangements Means Supporting Terrorism
On West Coast, Along With House Prices (Another Affordability Crisis In Housing?)
On World Vision and the Gospel
On Your Side: Law enforcement seizes money without arrest
On first day of Common Core testing, some NY students sit it out
On free speech and blogging: The First Amendment applies to everyone, not just journalists
On immigration Sen Ted Cruz joins failed filibuster as Sen John Cornyn votes to start debate (2013)
On notice: Mitch McConnell is ready to “crush” the Tea Party
On the "Man of the Year"...
On the Cutting Edge: A Banana Republic
On the Feast of St. Stephen (Angelus)
On the Futile Quest to Find Happiness from the World, as Taught to us by Ormie the Pig
On the Good Ship Lollipop. ... Mark Steyn
On the Maidan, the birth of a real Ukrainian civil society
On the March in Caracas - The silence on the subject is awkward
On the Mystery of the Incarnation (Angelus)
On the Obligation of Blessing “Abraham’s Seed”
On the Soviet Church
On the Sunday of Joy [Angelus]
On the Trail With the First Skiers
On the Variability of the Dmanisi Mandibles
On the feast of St. Joseph, Francis speaks to fathers: “Be close to your children”
On the rise in teen suicide since the 1950's
On the set of Atlas Shrugged 3 with Kristoffer Polaha (John Galt)
On the ‘Depravity of Humankind’ Scale, the Repulsive Crime She Is Accused of Deserves Its Own Entry
On third anniversary of Syrian rebellion, Assad is steadily winning the war
On varieties of invasion (Russia and Ukraine)
Once Again, Obamacare Hurts Obama Supporters
Once Again, the Left Blows an Opportunity to End the Debate on Climate Change
Once in a lifetime: Tornado of tumbleweeds spreads grass fire in Colorado. [video]
Once rare, heroin use on the rise (Obama's America)
One Baby’s Birth Which Changed The World
One Bad Idea Leads to Another, and Another, and Another...
One Bear’s Gloomy Forecast: Stocks Down 20% in 2014
One Boy's Immigration Story Signals Hope for Children
One CIA Lawyer Could've Stopped Waterboarding Before It Started, Here's Why He Didn't
One California for Me, Another for Thee
One Cheer for Our Unproductive Congress: Legislative Inactivity is Actually a Blessing
One Christian is killed every 11 minutes: UK Parliament told
One Day After Discrediting Gender Pay Gap, CBS Brings on Obama Ally to Promote It
One Dead, Seven Sickened in Listeria Outbreak Linked to Cheese
One Doctor’s Viral Letter Exposes the Harrowing Reality of Obamacare’s ‘War Against Doctors’
One Glance and You’ll Know Exactly Why MSNBC Deleted This Horribly Offensive Tweet
One Groom, Two Brides at Wedding in Saudi Arabia
One Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church
One Hundred Fifty Reasons I'm Catholic - And You Should Be Too!
One Katy [Texas] Man Really Lives by the Sword
One Man's Plan to Live on an Iceberg Until It Melts
One Mediator Between God and Men
One Million Babies Have Died in South Africa Since Nelson Mandela Legalized Abortion
One More Freedom Fighter
One More Reason to Dislike Him Now he's playing the race card big time.
One Nation Under Drugs
One Person Claps for Obama at The Hague
One Private Meeting Between President, Sebelius in 3.5 Years Leading Up to Obamacare Launch
One Reason It May Be Harder to Find Flight 370: We Messed Up the Currents (barf bag at the ready)
One Surprising Legacy of the Reagan Assassination Attempt
One Terrorist Killed, Five Injured in Jenin Clashes
One Third of Uninsured Won’t Sign Up for Obamacare
One Town Disarmed
One Ugly Church Bites the Dust (Christian Scientist in DC)
One Week Of Unimaginable Destruction By Obama
One Week Until Obamacare Enrollment Deadline
One Year After Newtown Killings, Gun Makers Stronger Than Ever
One Year After Newtown, Public Still Not Interested in Gun Control
One dead in hair weave transaction
One dead, two injured in small plane crash at Aspen airport
One in eight Minnesotans on the road don't have valid licenses
One in five public sector workers will be sacked by 2019.
One in five ‘brain dead’ patients still alive, claims lawsuit
One lump or two? How crystal meth use is so prevalent in North Korea, offering some to guests…
One man dead, two hurt after stabbing attack at mosque ( Australia )
One meter (3 ft) of hail in Eritrea
One million-year-old settlement uncovered in Britain
One month on after the devastating Typhoon, progress in Leyte
One must abandon oneself to God [Catholic Caucus]
One of Obama’s top Secret Service agents allegedly commits suicide amidst cheating investigation
One of Us vs. Two of Them
One of Your Favorite Brad Thor Books Is Going to Be a Movie – Why the Author Is
One of last Ukrainian military bases in Crimea falls; commander's whereabouts unknown (UPDATE)
One of the most important books published on education
One of the options for Poland is to buy F- 35
One of the world's great investment thinkers is convinced fracking is causing earthquakes
One sentence can save us from thoughtcrime if SCOTUS uses the key
One small step for income equality -- a modest proposal [Satire?]
One sows... another reaps
One union leader is so frustrated with obamacare he did something a little unexpected
One woman's opinion
One year after Newtown killings, gun control proponents feel dejected
One year after Newtown, support for stricter gun control has disappeared
One-Hour Oil Production? (article)
One-Ship Ukraine Navy Defies Russia to the End
One-Third Of 'Obamacare-Prospects' Intend To Stay Uninsured
One-Way Mars Colony Project to Simulate Red Planet on Earth
One-party rule has consequences
One-time hostage of Iranian militants urges denial of visa to new Iran envoy involved in siege
Online Memorial Condolence Site Created for Israel PM, War Hero Ariel Sharon
Online feud between Mayor Castro and Lt. Gov Candidate continues on YouTube
Online internet trolls are psychopaths and sadists, psychologists claim
Only 113k Jobs—How Decadence Breeds Decay!
Only 33% of likely voters believe Merkley deserves another term
Only 5% of Alaska’s uninsured signed up for ObamaCare?
Only 5.3 Percent of Unborn Babies Diagnosed With Down Syndrome Escape Abortion
Only Americans Fear Obama
Only Government Can Help?
Only Greg Gutfeld could make Obama’s SOTU speech this tolerable
Only On 2: Mother Of Arson, Attempted Murder Suspect Fatally Shot By Police Speaks Out
Only On 9: Family Outraged Over Suspension Of Westlake High Senior Class President
Only in Minnesota: Lesbian police chief participates in city's 'Hijab Day'
Only one in ten uninsured enrolled in Obamacare: Survey
Only under Holder
Only watching the Super Bowl for the commercials? - vanity
Ont. companies make ice truck, drive it 4 km
Ontario Catholic school student files homophobia complaint with human rights commission
Ontario Catholic teachers association to march in gay WorldPride parade in Toronto
Ontario man, 52, and his mother, 72, dead after carbon monoxide seeped into home from generator
Ontario rights chief defends man’s ‘right’ to be nude in women’s change rooms
Onward Christian...protesters
Oops! Dolphins quarterback's wife Lauren Tannehill leaves rifle in rental car
Oops! Editor of Leftist Rag Admits Obama's Minimum Wage Order Affects 'Just a Handful of People'
Oops! Your ‘morning laugh,’ courtesy of Jesse Jackson; Update: Tweet deleted
Oops-Obama Shares His 'R-S-P-E-C-T' for the 'Women of Soul' [No Dan Quayle Treatment for Clown]
Oops: Europe’s rising and renewable-driven energy prices are causing a coal resurgence
Oops: House Dem mistakes satire blog for news source to hit Obamacare critics
Oops: Insurance Companies Have No Record of Some Obamacare Applicants
Oops: OkCupid CEO once donated to a congressman who opposed gay marriage;
Oops: Thousands of Connecticutans are now criminals in possession of unregistered “assault” weapons
Op-Ed Gets USMC Commandant’s Attention, Sparks Change for Women
Op-Ed: A Long Walk Uphill
Op-Ed: Catholic France, Adieu; Welcome, Islam
Op-Ed: Christmas at the mall has a whole ‘nuther vibe
Op-Ed: Egypt is Threatened by Islamic Terror
Op-Ed: India-Israel Defense Cooperation
Op-Ed: New Mississippi law goes both ways, apparently
Op-Ed: Politics trumps geography in Ukraine
Op-Ed: Skills gap and the U.S. job market
Op-Ed: The EU Auditors Report: A PA-EU Financial Scandal
Op-Ed: The Jewish List of the World's Shortest Books of 2013
Op-Ed: Top Ten MidEast Media Mangles for 2013:
Op-Ed: We Are Under Attack by the LGBTPed Community
Opa-locka Man Gunned Down In Ambush
Open Carry March Planned for Andrews Texas on 15 February
Open Carry March in Andrews Texas Successful
Open Carry March in Little Rock Arkansas, Act 746
Open Carry is Coming to Texas
Open Doors Reveals the 50 Worst Countries to be a Christian
Open Letter Mocks Gwyneth Paltrow's Slight Against Moms Working 9-to-5 Gigs
Open Secrets Shows Koch Campaign Money Dwarfed by Dozens of Other Groups,
Open eyes, hearts to all addicts
Open letter to Jimmy Carter: Don't you have any shame?
Open letter to John Kerry---Greater Men have Tried
Opening Day 2014
Opening Minds to the Spheres Among Us
Opening Seals...Rev 4-6 pt 11
Opening the Gates of Hell
Openly gay NBA player Jason Collins to be guest of Michelle Obama
Openly gay ski jumper: It's not worth protesting Russia's anti-gay law because 'no one cares'
Opera singer Renee Fleming chosen to sing anthem at Super Bowl
Opera singer ‘can’t work’ over uncontrollable flatulence
Operation American Spring
Operation American Spring: General & Colonel Call For a Massive March on Washington
Operation Be Mine: 22 arrested in Lake County [FL] child sex sting
Operation Bridenstine (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
Operation Dead-Mouse Drop
Ophelia DeVore-Mitchell, 91, Dies; Redefined Beauty
Opinion Patrick Buchanan: How The GOP Lost Middle America – OpEd
Opinion: Cesar Chavez ... Who? [Hagiographic Film on Alinsky Disciple]
Opinion: Ignore Western hypocrisy, Putin will do what he wants
Opinion: Obama can't have it both ways on Crimea
Opinion: Plenty of work to be done regarding racism in US
Opinion: What the West owes Ukraine
Opponents of natural-gas exports have it all wrong
Opponents to fight new US military base on Okinawa
Opportunity Rover Starts 2nd Decade by Spectacular Mountain Summit and Mineral Goldmine
Opportunity for Tradeoff in Debt Ceiling Increase Squandered by Tea Party Inflexibility on Vote
Opposing Lawlessness, At Home and Abroad
Opposing Voter ID Laws in the Name of Race Is Insulting to Minorities
Opposition to ObamaCare now 2:1… among the uninsured!
Oprah Winfrey lists her Chicago condo for $7.75M
Oprah and the yelling goat
Oprah developing race riot miniseries starring Octavia Spencer
Oprah's Neighbors Pissed Over FLOTUS Hawaii Vacation
Oprah, Kanye West and the Psychology of Hate
Oprah, Redford, Thompson: Oscar Snubs and Surprises
Orange Co. Sheriff changes concealed carry permitting to de facto “shall issue” in wake of Peruta
Orchard Park bank robbery
Oregon (RAT) Senators Call for Probe of Failed Health Care Website
Oregon Attorney General Refuses to Defend State's Gay Marriage Ban
Oregon Medicaid Plan Sees High Demand
Oregon Medicaid Study Doesn’t Love Big Brother
Oregon Mother: I Can’t Afford Obamacare For Myself, 1-Year-Old Son
Oregon Mother: I Can’t Afford Obamacare For Myself, 1-Year-Old Son (former "cheerleader")
Oregon Obamacare website cost $300 million in tax dollars, 0 enrollees, as in none.
Oregon Republican County Chair on Radio just not (not pretty)[Vanity]
Oregon Rules Bakery Violated Gay Couple’s Civil Rights By Denying Them A Cake For Same-Sex Wedding
Oregon State University pays $101,000 to settle suit over trashed conservative paper
Oregon allows mothers to take placentas home from hospital
Oregon cat that trapped family will undergo therapy
Oregon drops proposed ban on pot-laced munchies
Oregon fiasco: Online health exchange yet to launch [Oracle]
Oregon health exchange tells applicants to go elsewhere if not covered Jan. 1
Oregon health exchange turns up heat on Oracle over programming 'bugs'
Oregon high school teacher fired for pro-life activism
Oregon immigrants, allies head to California border supporting
Oregon signs up just 44 people for Obamacare despite spending $300 million
Oregon violated laws by allowing health plans to be extended, according to legislative lawyers
Oregon’s health exchange still had 157 launch-blocking bugs as late as Thanksgiving
Oreo is coming out with two "new" flavors....(vanity)
Organic food: Pricey, not particularly healthy, won't save you from cancer
Organizing for Action contest rules show inconsistency of progressive principles
Organizing for Action revamps rules after firing fundraiser
Organizing the New Cold War
Original Cheerios to go GMO-free
Original Edward Snowden letter published on A Folha today.
Original song: HONEST REDNECK SWEAT
Original tea partyers returning to GOP fold
Orlando teen shoot cops then commit suicide
Orlando, Fla ... Man Burns Down His Apartment to Kill Bug Infestation
Orthodox Church In Kosovo Turned Into Public Toilet And Garbage Dump
Orthodox Church to be Sanctified in Antarctic
Orthodox churches to hold first “ecumenical” council in 1,200 years—UPDATED
Orthodoxy and the Traditional Mass, 2: connecting with the past
Orwellian Denver Post Edits “Socialist” Out Of Classmate’s Description Of Arapahoe Shooter
Orwellian Gun Quote of the Day: Chicago Police Chief McCarthy
Osalm 23 (King Barrack Version)
Osama Is Still Winning: The worst is yet to come.
Osama bin Laden photos ordered destroyed despite public records request
Oscar-winning actor Maximilian Schell dies at 83
Oscars Expect Sun,but Ready for Rain on Show Day
Oscars ratings up 7 percent over last year's telecast (celebrating the one-percenters)
Oscars' 'In Memoriam' Honors Philip Seymour Hoffman, Snubs Tom Clancy, Cory Monteith
Oscars' Fantasy on the Left Coast
Osteen Books Flop in 10/40 Window
Osteenification and What it Portends
Other Michigan Cities in Pension Debt: Not just a Detroit problem
Other States May Follow California's Lead in Considering Coverage for Immigrants
Other networks eager to air 'Duck Dynasty'
Other voices: Let the wind subsidy blow away
Ottawa accepting another 5,000 parent and grandparent immigration applications
Ottawa monument to commemorate ‘victims of communism’
Otter Mounts Bloody Rampage in Burger Bar
Ouch! Manchester United draw Champions League holders Bayern Munich in quarter-finals
Ouch! Woman left with 272 needles in her head after a PORCUPINE falls from a lamp post onto her
Ouch: Twitter Besieged by Angry ObamaCare Insults to Kick Off the New Year
Our 1st Quarter New Monthly Donor and 300 Club Campaigns are underway![FReepathon]
Our Bored President
Our Clueless President
Our Contemptible Commander in Chief
Our Crazed Sexuality Standards
Our Crazed Sexuality Standards: There’s more to life than sexual identity
Our Criminal Justice System? It’s a Crime
Our Decadent Elites
Our Fierce Urgency of Now
Our Final Invention: How the Human Race Goes and Gets Itself Killed
Our Food Stamp Commander In Chief
Our Founding Fathers Shared Cicero's Vision for a Republic
Our Future Could Be Awesome If Only...
Our Future Hinges on Our View of Freedom
Our Ideological President
Our Iron Lady
Our Irrelevance in Ukraine
Our John Roberts problem is inconceivable
Our Lady of Guadalupe and the Culture of Life (Catholic Caucus)
Our Monsignor spoke courageously today, he is an inspiration
Our Most Important Problems
Our Ms. Burke and the Koch Brothers
Our Smartest President?
Our True Savior is Born
Our Two Most Onerous Taxes: College Tuition And Healthcare Insurance
Our View: Cornyn, Scherr deserve parties' nominations in Senate primaries (LSM Endorsement)
Our View: Good news for the fort. Findings of the Biological Opinion reward fort's efforts
Our View: U.S. Sen. John McCain (D-Arizona?)
Our Weimar Republic
Our World: Kerry forces Israel’s moment of decision
Our outrageous media created the Tea Party (Cover that monitor)
Our policy on third party or personal fundraising on FR: Don't do it!
Our prediction for CD 13 race [Florida Special Election today!]
Our sick gun fetish is destroying us: Tea Party fantasies kill kids
Our so-called economic recovery is just another Obama lie: Here’s why
Ousted Libyan PM flees country after tanker escapes rebel-held port
Ousted Ukraine president ‘wrong’ to invite Russian troops into Crimea
Ousted Ukrainian president Yanukovych seriously ill suffering heart attack: Russian press
Out Of Work? It's Your Fault . . .
Out With Graham, In With Bright (Re-Electing Graham Is Unacceptable)
Out With The Old: Bevin vs McConnell
Out of Place in Time: Was This Hammer Made 100 Million Years Ago?
Out of health-care furor, satisfaction in New England
Out of jobs, out of benefits, out of luck
Out of sight: Communists stage 1st Sochi protest
Out of the Mouths of Children (to start your day off with a smile)
Out of the NFL, Chris Kluwe compares himself to Tim Tebow
Out-of-context Biden comment to working women in Tokyo sparks firestorm back home
Out-of-state groups ride in to stand with Nevada rancher in battle with feds over grazing rights
Out2Enroll: Campaign to Insure LGBT Community Launched
Outbreak of ‘nightmare bacteria’ in Illinois stirs worry
Outgoing NSA director: ‘It’s not our mission’ to spy on everyone in the world
Outrage Grows Over North Carolina High School Dispute
Outrage Over 'Reality' Star's Comment Smacks of Artificiality
Outrage Over Wall St. Pay, but Shrugs for Silicon Valley?
Outrage after student lunches thrown out at Utah school (for parents in arrears on meal payments)
Outrage as Army bans word ‘Christmas’: ‘Treats pornography better than it does Christmas’
Outrage as US comedian mocks Asian Americans
Outrage over rich teen's 'affluenza' defense in 4 deaths
Outrage: Obama’s Drunk-Driving Illegal Alien Uncle Given AMNESTY by Judge
Outrageous 'old-school' hot rods & customs (many pics)
Outrageous!… Democratic Rep: Unlike Bush, Obama Cares About the Troops (Video)
Outrageous: Harry Reid Lied About Americans Being Liars, and Now That He’s Busted, He’s Lying Again
Outrageous: Russian TV Anchor Mocks Iwo Jima Memorial As Homoerotic In War-Statue Spat With CNN
Outside Group’s Poll Shows Tightening Oklahoma Senate Primary
Outside review finds deep flaws in MNsure website
Outsiders, Not Auto Plant, Battle U.A.W. in Tennessee
Over 1 Million Support Boycotting A&E Following ‘Duck Dynasty’ Star’s Suspension
Over 1,200 sign petition opposing Adelaide show ‘Come Heckle Christ’
Over 100 published science journal articles just gibberish
Over 20,000 Sign Petition Against Cath Diocese's Decision to Fire Teacher Pregnant Out of Wedlock
Over 3,000 Cuban doctors defected from Venezuela in 2013
Over 50,000 Books Burned in Christian Library in Lebanon Over Blasphemy Claim
Over 500 million Apple iPhones sold
Over A Quarter of All Households on Food Stamps Headed By Someone With At Least "Some" College
Over and drought: Why the end of Israel's water shortage is a secret
Over and drought: Why the end of Israel's water shortage is a secret [desalination creates surplus]
Over two-thirds of the continental USA covered with snow
Overcoming Lust as a Buddhist
Overcriminalization of America with Jason Lewis
Overnight Defense: Army Cutting Combat Brigades
Overprotective kitten keeps man's arm inside window.
Overqualified and Underpaid: Europe's Educated Unemployed Youth Flee the Continent
Overreach Prevents Obama From Solving Problems
Overselling Of Global Warming May Lead To A Dark Age?
Oversight Committee Will Move to Hold Lerner in Contempt [here we go again]
Oversight committee votes to hold Lois Lerner in contempt of Congress
Oversight lawmaker: Holding Lois Lerner in contempt is ‘where we’re moving’ (A House End Run?)
Oversight report: 6 reasons Lois Lerner waived her Fifth Amendment rights
Overstock CEO: 'I don't own bitcoin, but I'm a fan'
Overstock.com Becomes First Major Retailer to Accept Bitcoins
Overturning gay marriage ban would extend 'justice and equality,' says Episcopal bishop in Saginaw
Overwhelmed by crime, Argentina declares emergency in Buenos Aires
Overwhelming Victory for Ryan-Murray Budget Deal in the House: 332-94
Ow! An Ode to Obamacare
Owner of S.C. Pub Insults Gun Owners Across America With This Outrageous Sign
Owner's anti-gay views cause furor over soon-to-open Sellwood grocery store (OR)
Ownership of U.S. petroleum refineries has changed significantly since 2000
Owning Up to the Obamacare Lies: Admitting, quietly, that conservatives were right all along
Owning assault weapons a right, three GOP candidates say
Oxford invites Michael Savage to debate Snowden affair (Doc S. is banned from England)
Oxy to spinoff California business
Oy vei, oy gevalt, mishigene mentshn [Hasidic hip-hop video - not a joke]
Ozone Hole Won't Heal Until 2070, NASA Finds
O’Donnell Favorably Features Santorum Quote To Bash Christie. Go Home, America. You’re Drunk.
O’Malley preaches support for immigrants at US border
O’Neal Testifies He Talks To Warhol Portrait Of Farrah Fawcett
O’REILLY, PART 2: Obama stammers through incoherent explanation of why Fox is ‘unfair’
O’Reilly: If GOP Doesn’t Compromise on Immigration, ‘Say Hello to President Hillary Clinton’ in 2016
O’Reilly’s interview with Obama sends a liberal climbing the walls: What he had to say
O’s woes will boost GOP in ’16
P&G says Cincinnati HQ security tightened (Envirowackos)
P.J. O'Rourke lays an egg in San Francisco (Freeper Report)
PA Democrats Took Bribes to Oppose Voter ID: Where is Eric Holder?
PA Diplomat in Prague Had Secret Arms Cache
PA Incitement: Jews are ‘Subhuman’ (Palestinian Authority)
PA Leaders Use Mandela’s Death to Slam ‘Occupation’ (Palestinian Authority)
PA Minister: Jihad Should be Directed at Jerusalem, Not Syria (Palestinian Authority)
PA Official: Israel ‘Turning Marijuana into Heroin’ to Poison Us
PA and Hamas Guilty of Rampant Human Rights Abuses
PA apologizes to Czech Republic over weapons in embassy
PA minister claims Western Wall as Palestinian land
PA suit: Man paralyzed by tipped toilet gets $5M
PA to receive $440 million in US funds in 2014, an increase of $14 million from 2013.
PA: Former Police Officer Ordered to Stand Trial for Murder of Gun Shop Owner
PA: Scofflaw Governments May be Held to Account in PA
PA:Gun Shop Owner Goes Down Fighting
PA:Head of Philadelphia Gun turn in "buy back" Deep in Scandal
PA:Judicial Insanity: State Trooper can Carry on Duty, but not off Duty
PA:Robbers Killed by an Armed Citizen, Now The Families Want To Sue
PAID CANVASSERS WANTED!!! (Broward) (ACA Register women to vote)
PAK FA stealth features patent published
PALIN MOCKED IN 2008 FOR WARNING PUTIN MAY INVADE UKRAINE IF OBAMA ELECTED
PALIN THE TRUTHTELLER
PASSOVER / Tax Day : Total Lunar Eclipse = Blood Moon
PASTOR, BLAZE TV PERSONALITY AND FORMER NFL PLAYER KEN HUTCHERSON PASSES AWAY AT AGE 61
PB Clermont Evacuation And Clearing Underway. Ammunition Industry Remains Ominously Silent.
PBS’s Woodruff Lectures Gates, Asks Him If He’s Worried About Hurting Troop Morale
PC Insanity: Female Marines Can’t Do Pullups But Will Be Allowed to Serve on Front Lines Anyway
PC gets a load of Birdshot - The Ballad Of Phil Robertson
PC makers plan rebellion against Windows at 2014 Consumer Electronics Show (CES), analysts say
PCSO Arrest Man deported 10 Times
PDS robotics team get state judges' attention
PEAKFEED: Where Dem U.S. Senate News Looks So Bleak Even MSNBC Can’t Ignore it
PEANUTS MOVIE
PER TWITTER: Rep Steve Stockman (R-TX) files to run in US Senate primary against Sen. John Cornyn
PETA Compares MLK Legacy to Animal Abuse
PETA Reprimands Teen Hunter After She’s Attacked by a Bear
PETA member wants roadside memorial for chickens
PETA seeks to turn Jeffrey Dahmer’s childhood home into vegan eatery: report
PETA to Bigfoot Hunters: You Shouldn't 'Shoot and Kill It' Just Because You Can
PETA wants to turn Jeffrey Dahmer’s Childhood Home into a Vegan Restaurant
PETA's Lettuce-Wearing Ladies To Brave Cold Temps (in Minneapolis) [video]
PETA: Ignore Sarah Palin's Defense, Cancel Duck Dynasty
PETE SESSIONS LOSES KEY ANTI-AMNESTY GROUP'S ENDORSEMENT AFTER BREITBART TEXAS STORY
PETER HITCHENS: We ask the Scots to be 'loyal' - but we're the ones betraying Britain
PETITION: Stop A&E's Religious Bigotry Against "Duck Dynasty" Phil Robertson
PEW RESEARCH: Millennials in Adulthood -- 50% now describe themselves as political independents
PFAW and Right Wing Watch: Guardians of Tyranny and Deception
PG&E Criminally Charged in Fatal San Bruno Pipeline Blast
PHILLIPS: Dave Brat and the conservative battle plan for 2014
PHILOMENA NEVER FOUND HER SON (lies being told about the movie)
PHOEBE HAS TWO BABIES (hummingbird live cam- new cam, very close up)
PHOTO: Colts punter tweets half-naked picture of Andrew Luck
PHOTO: First FAKE ObamaCare "Enrollee," Chad Henderson, Becomes Slurpee Boy
PHOTO: Is Chad Henderson Still A FAKE ObamaCare Enrollee?
PHOTO: Meet the ObamaCare Poster Boy
PHOTO: Russian Foreign Minister Used Middle Finger to Hit Hillary's "Reset Button"
PHOTOS - circa 1927: Submarine Aircraft Carrier
PHOTOS - circa 1970s: “The Flying Pulpit” i.e, Williams X-Jet
PHOTOS: First Lady in Hawai&#699;i, Security Heavy Near Oprah Estate
PHOTOS: Yesterday's Right to Life March in Washington, D.C.
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Boston bomber's widow cozies up to his mother on trip to her former Soviet state
PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is time running out for Jack? Bauer gets SHOT as Kiefer Sutherland films . . .
PIERS MORGAN WAS ON TV?
PIV is always rape, ok?
PJ Media Symposium: Will Ted Cruz Be a Plus or Minus for Republicans in the Midterm Elections?
PJTV: Glenn Reynolds Reveals the Future of U.S. Education to Michelle Fields (Video)
PLA mobilizes 100,000 troops for N Korean border exercise
PLA needs bigger advanced destroyers to strike fear: Xinhua
PLA's J-10C may be able to surpass US and EU counterparts
PLO Angered by Planned NBC Cable Series Set in Jerusalem
PLO Foreign Minister: If Jews Have History in Israel, Then We Don’t
PLO Official: We Supported the Nazis in WWII
PM Erdo&#287;an uses hologram ... for first time in Turkey
PM will put ‘blue map’ to work as polls point to Liberal clean-sweep (Australia goes conservative)
PNC Bank Acknowledges ‘Glitch’ Affecting Unknown Number of Customers
POLICE USING LAWFUL GUN OWNERSHIP AS AN EXCUSE FOR “NO KNOCK” HOME INVASIONS
POLICE: DOG POOP ARGUMENT LED TO KNIFE ATTACK
POLICE: Racist Graffiti on Dorm Door Ruled Hate Crime Hoax
POLL ALERT! Dead Heat! (Greg Brannon Email, U.S. Senate Campaign--NC)
POLL WATCH: PPP (D) Kentucky Senatorial Survey (New McConnell-Grimes poll)
POLL: 52% OF YOUNG ADULTS WANT OBAMA RECALLED, 57% OPPOSE OBAMACARE
POLL: CORNYN WON’T WIN MARCH 4 TEXAS GOP PRIMARY
POLL: FRANKEN AND DAYTON LOSING SUPPORT AMONG MINNESOTA VOTERS
POLL: MAJORITY WANT BENGHAZI SELECT COMMITTEE
POLL: SARAH PALIN HAS HIGHEST FAVORABILITY RATING AMONG GOP PRIMARY VOTERS
POLL: UKIP SET TO WIN EURO ELECTIONS
POLYGAMY NOW, BESTIALITY NEXT AS WE SLIDE FASTER DOWN TO GOMMORAH
POLYGAMY: IT’S COMING
PONDER: video of Maidan in Kyiv, Ukraine
POPE FRANCIS AND THE CHAPUT SHOCKER
POPE FRANCIS, ISLAM AND CHRISTIANITY.
POPE FRANCIS, PENTECOSTALS, AND FRIENDSHIP
POPE STRESSES STRENGTH, COURAGE, HOPE IN NEW YEAR
POPE'S SIMPLE STYLE INFLUENCING CARDINAL FASHION
POPES AND LAW
POPE’S CRACKDOWN ON ORDER ALARMS TRADITIONALISTS
POV: Why Catholic Schools Have the Right to Fire Married Gay Staff
PPP Tries, But Still Can’t Save Landrieu
PPP: GOP Leads Michigan Senate Race, ObamaCare to Blame
PPP: Race Still Looks Headed for Runoff (NC Senate)
PQ-17 - an Arctic convoy disaster.
PR firms cash in on health rollout woes [Good Bad Example!]
PRAYERS NEEDED
PRC Push for Defense Exports Could Backfire
PRESIDENT ASKS CIVILIAN DRAFT TO BAR STRIKES; U.S. PLANES IN GREAT BATTLE (1/12/44)
PROFESSOR: Here's Why Britain's Military Could Beat China
PROGRAM ALERT..NOW (LOIS LERNER Live Feed)
PROPOSED MISSION STATEMENT, AMERICAN SPRING 2014 (MARCH ON WASHINGTON)
PRUDEN: Betrayal that whitewash won’t cover
PSA Response to “The Thing” from a Dr. Seuss Book
PSA: Don’t Fall for this Phone Scam
PTI worker donate blood in Peshawar
PTR Industries aims to ship out 'Made in SC' guns
PUTIN HAS BEEN GOOD FOR RUSSIA
PUTIN PROPAGANDA: NBC’s Bob Costas portrays Russian leader as great peacemaker
PUTIN TRIUMPHS IN 2013 YET TOUGH CHALLENGES LOOM
PUTIN WAR PROPAGANDA EXPOSED: Same Pro-Russian “Actress” Used in FIVE Different Ukrainian Reports
Pa Dems: Raise minimum wage to $12 an hour
Pa. AG shuts down corruption sting when too many fellow Dems caught redhanded
Pa. GOP committee unanimously endorses Corbett-Cawley ticket for governor (BUT........)
Pa. Warns Same-Sex Married Couples To File Taxes Separately
Pa. court reverses conviction of church official in sex abuse case
Pa. gov asks court to reverse decision on voter ID
Pa. pastor defrocked over gay wedding offered job
Pa. town latest to force drivers over and ask for cheek swabs for federal study
Pa. vendor confirms link to Target data probe
Pa. veteran lives out of van, tries to be positive
Pa. woman admits killing man she met on Craigslist, claims she killed others
Pa. woman getting emails from Maryland health insurance shoppers by mistake
Pacific castaway arrives back in civilisation
Pacifica Radio Executive Director Stages Sit-In...
Pack of stray chihuahuas harass Phoenix residents
Packers must sell 7,500 tix by Thursday afternoon to avoid TV blackout
Paco De Lucia, Modern Superstar Of Flamenco, Dies
Pact reached to keep North Dakota's only abortion clinic open
Paging Comrade Obama: Kill The Profit Motive And You Kill Modern Medical Advances And Prosperity
Paglia: Duck Dynasty uproar ‘utterly fascist, utterly Stalinist’
Painting Dixie Blue: Can Democrats retake the South? Yes, and here’s how.
Painting Wendy Davis as a bad mother is political sexism at its worst
Paintings of a Pope
Pajama Boy Visits the Dust Bowl
Pajama Boy Vs. Duck Dynasty
Pajama Boy is the New Julia
Pajama Boy, An Insufferable Man-Child
Pajama Boy: Obama's Smirking Commissar
Pajama Boys Day Off
Pajamaboy could start a war . . .
Pakistan Baby Won’t Face Prison Time
Pakistan Boy Killed Stopping Terrorist Hailed as Hero
Pakistan Continues Buying Surplus F-16s – Adding 13 from Jordan
Pakistan girl gang-raped to avenge brother's elopement
Pakistan likely to buy S20 submarines from China
Pakistan navy deploys Chinese C-602 cruise missile
Pakistan plans military operation in North Waziristan, targeting extremist groups
Pakistan set to get Chinese submarines amid sub crisis in India
Pakistan, Taliban start peace talks in Islamabad
Pakistan: Acquitted of blasphemy, gunned down anyway
Pakistan: Religious decree: ‘Constitution completely in line with Sharia’
Pakistani Islamists Were Plotting Nuclear Bomb Attack on India
Pakistani baby accused of attempted murder
Pakistani polio strain threatens global campaign
Pakistan’s Musharraf wants heart treatment abroad
Pakistan’s dirty bomb threat
Paleo Pat Pines for Powerful Putin
Palestinian Activists Violently Threaten Pro-Israel Students
Palestinian Authority Ambassador to Prague Killed in Explosion
Palestinian Authority Report Predicts: 3rd Intifada in 2014
Palestinian Authority Report: Palestinians Prefer to Buy ‘Blue and White’ (i.e. from Israel)
Palestinian Chairman Honors Arch-Terrorist
Palestinian In Damascus: “We Do Not Want Palestine..We Ask For Israeli Citizenship”
Palestinian Religious Leaders: Jews Must not Pray at Kotel
Palestinian Teen Dies in Exorcism
Palestinian diplomat killed in blast at Prague residence
Palestinian heroes, the "peace process" and the continuing Iran scam
Palestinian leader turns to Putin for Palestinian state, dumps US and Israel as peace partners
Palestinians Celebrate Death of Former PM Sharon
Palestinians in Gaza said to test long-range rocket
Palestinians mark DFLP anniversary with armed procession near Jerusalem
Palestinians plan for airport, seaport and railway
Palestinians reiterate plans to reject any framework accord presented by US
Palestinians see worrisome trend in 'honor' killings rise
Palestinians set new conditions for peace talks to continue
Palin Apologizes For Comments About Pope Francis
Palin Blasts Obama’s ‘Weak Leadership’ on Russia: ‘Wears Mom Jeans and Equivocates’
Palin Campaigns for Handel in Ga. Senate Race (Perdue knocks Handel's lack of college degree)
Palin Endorsement Helps T.W.Shannon Close Deficit In OK Senate Primary
Palin Endorses Ben Sasse for US Senate (NE)
Palin Endorses Karen Handel in Georgia Senate Race
Palin Endorses Three "True Conservative" Women
Palin Mocked in 2008 for Warning Putin May Invade Ukraine if Obama Elected
Palin Resolves to Be 'More Aggressive' Calling Out 'Lapdog' Media
Palin Warns Holder on Gun Bracelets: 'You Don't Want to Go There, Buddy'
Palin and Huckabee Back Different Candidates in Oklahoma GOP Senate Primary
Palin at the Billy Graham Library and Samaritan’s Purse
Palin backs Abbott after Nugent appearance, endorses Sessions' challenger
Palin comes to McCain’s defense in Facebook post
Palin endorses T.W. Shannon in Senate race in Oklahoma
Palin gives Cruz control as CPAC closes
Palin is right. ‘Enough is enough’
Palin joins Jimmy Fallon to mock Obama’s weakness:
Palin leads the GOP field in latest polling data
Palin on Ukraine: I told you so
Palin slams Obama in MLK post
Palin was right. Predicted in 2008 what Putin did last week: No apologies heard from Elite Media
Palin, Cruz Send Condolonces After Passing of 'Fighter for Truth' Noel Sheppard
Palin, McCain, and the Difference between Support and Agreement
Palin, Virginia, & the Road to the White House
Palin-endorsed candidate Katrina Pierson was arrested for shoplifting in ’97
Palin: Nukes are best Putin containment strategy
Palin: Obama Will Hurt American Workers by 'Trying to Ram Through Amnesty'
Palin: Obama known for 'mom jeans'
Palin: SOTU address ‘alarming’
Palin’s Book Tour Going to Liberty U, Billy Graham Library & Monroe, LA
Pallone Says Congress Doing Nothing About Sea-Level Rise, Blames Tea Party
Palm Bay homeowner shoots, kills 2 men, police say
Palmaro's only way to arrange TLM Funeral Mass: ask for city permit and shame pastor ...
Paluch Lecture: What is the Future For Notre Dame?
Panama Canal expansion project: Have American fears come true?
Panama Presses Spain and Italy To Resolve Canal Expansion Cost Dispute
Panda mom makes her baby go back to bed - Video
Pandemonium: Obama Partially Waives Individual Mandate As Obamacare Comes Crashing Down
Pandora Knows How You’ll Vote, and It’s Not Keeping Your Secret
Panel OKs bill on in-state education for illegal immigrants in Tennessee
Panel Says Global Warming Risks Sudden, Deep Changes
Panel Seeks New Testimony by Former IRS Official Over Tea-Party Targeting
Panel: Japan should lift ban on collective defense
Panelist at Podesta Think Tank on Common Core: 'The Children Belong to All of Us'
Panelists at The Francis Factor: Pope’s celebrity should turn eyes to Jesus
Panel’s Warning on Climate Risk: Worst Is Yet to Come
Panetta Revealed Classified Info to Zero Dark Thirty Filmmaker
Pantless Florida woman who stole wine from Publix ID'd
Panty Protest: Kazakhstan Women Outraged by Lace Underwear Ban
Panty raid: Man busted stealing 81 items from Victoria's Secret in Kingsport (TN)
Papa Gaga’s “Pastoral” Code: The modernist trick of undermining faith through “experience”
Papa Please Preach
Papacy / Hierarchy in the Bible
Papal appointment signals impending reform at Italian Episcopal Conference
Papal visit to Holy Land to focus on ecumenism with Orthodox
Papa’s got a brand new bag
Paper reveals Iranian-link in ticket purchase for passengers with stolen passports
Papyrus Referring to Jesus’ Wife Is More Likely Ancient Than Fake, Scientists Say
Papyrus, parchment and paper trails
Parallel Worlds Exist And Will Soon Be Testable, Expert Says
Paramount In Talks For Benghazi Attack Film
Paranoia leads Vladimir Putin to the point of no return
Paranthropus Boisei: Human Ancestors More Rugged than Originally Thought
Pardon the Question, But: What Qualifies Hillary To Be President?
Parent: daughter asked to re-do assignment after writing about Jesus
Parenthetically Speaking (Before We Are Saved From the Wrath To Come)
Parents Accused of Arranging Abortions for 11-Year-Old Facing New Charges
Parents Accused of Daughter's 'Grape Soda Murder'
Parents Demand Miley Cyrus Stop 'Bangerz' Tour Over Salacious Content
Parents Hail Small Victory for Justina Pelletier as Tufts Doctors Take Charge
Parents Invent Device To Track Teen Driving Habits
Parents Like Private Schools
Parents Of Autistic Kids Sue Disney Over New Waiting Line Policy
Parents Outraged After Kids Given PETA Pamphlet Showing Mutilated Cows
Parents Say Suspect In Tatarstan Church Attacks Tortured (By Russian Police)
Parents Share Tales Of Navigating State's Mental Health System For Children (Want school testing)
Parents Threatened for Opting Out of Common Core (Video)
Parents and Teachers Object to Common Core
Parents call police for help, cops show up and kill their 18-year-old son
Parents could be jailed for starving their children of love
Parents criticized online for bringing crying baby to restaurant
Parents empowered while fighting against Common Core in public schools
Parents fined for letting daughter have sex (Bavaria)
Parents fury as pork sausages are banned from the school menu and replaced with halal meat
Parents of Fallen Navy Seal to Speak to NoVA Tea Party
Parents outraged after Arizona school allows boys and girls to use whichever bathroom they choose
Parents protest bid to teach about sexuality
Parents raise their son as a boy AND a girl so he won't 'grow up aggressive'
Parents reject Common Core indoctrination and lawmakers in many states agree
Parents revolt against public schools leave buildings empty
Parents stunned that the union seeking $10,000 severance for teacher who molested their son
Parents stunned that union is seeking a $10K severance for teacher who molested their son
Parents touched by Sandy Hook shooting honor daughter, raise awareness
Parents upset after school takes lunches from students with account deficits
Parents upset over game played at middle school
Parents upset over ‘game' at middle school that asked questions like ‘Do your parents drink?’
Parents warned of alarming new trend of students snorting Smarties that can lead to NASAL maggots
Parents who dress their daughters in pink are holding back the economy, says minister (UK)
Parents' outrage after angry school bus driver 'punches son
Parents, Don’t Let Your Children Grow Up to Be Berkeleyites
Pareto Principle: How To Use It To Dramatically Grow Your Business (80/20 Rule)
Paris Protest Against Hollande Turns Anti-Semitic
Paris wants to remove Bermuda and Jersey from tax haven list
Park Service Knew World War II Veterans Would Be Locked Out
Parliament expected to end EU insurance coverage
Parliament impeaches Yanukovych, even as he defiantly promises not to resign or leave Ukraine
Parole Granted. Imprisoned American Hero Lt Michael Behenna To Be Freed!
Parolee recorded pizza driver before killing him
Parsing the Latest Polling Data
Part 1: A Conversation With World Shooting Champion Julie Golob
Part Two Images [ok, no kidding. blownup images prove ABC is in tank dunking Fuddy for Bammy]
Part of SeaTac’s $15 minimum wage measure struck down
Partial-Birth Abortion Pioneer Ordered to Shut Clinic
Parties Trading Places for 2014: Demographic realignment could cost Democrats their Senate majority.
Parting Company
Party Schools -- Years Of Fun Mostly At Other People's Expense, But Not Much Learning
Party down South.
Party of the rich: In Congress, it's the Democrats [6 richest Congressional districts all voted Dem]
Pascagoula man goes from 338 pounds to 191 to become a Marine
Pass Immigration Reform This Year, Catholic and Evangelical Leaders Ask Congress
Pass the Salt and Put on the Lights! – A Homily for the 5th Sunday of the Year
Passenger - All The Little Lights (Music Video)
Passenger claiming to have bomb tried to divert plane to Sochi
Passenger testifies in trial for man accused of killing Miami Heat dancer [Drunk Homosexual]
Passengers suing Carnival over crippled cruise seek $5,000 a month for life
Passing gas 101: What your flatulence patterns mean for your health
Passing of long time Freeper Krodg
Passings: Joe Frazier of The Chad Mitchell Trio
Pastafarian Town Council Member Sworn in While Wearing a Colander on His Head
Pastor David Yonggi Cho Sentenced to 3 Years for Embezzling $12 Million
Pastor Diagnosed With Cancer: 'No Compassion in the Affordable Care Act'
Pastor Hagee: Blood moons point to 'world-shaking event'
Pastor Mark Musser: Relating Environmental Fascism to Baalism and the End Times
Pastor Zachery Tims' death was caused by a mixture of cocaine and heroin
Pastor accused of molestation released on bond
Pastor defends Obama comments
Pastor dies after confessing infidelity to congregation
Pastor joins crowded GOP race to unseat Lindsey Graham
Pastor's AR-15 assault rifle giveaway creates controversy [ In protest of the NY Safe Act ]
Pastor: Phil Robertson Was Praying for Cancer Victim When A&E Suspended Him
Pastors Enchanted by Hollywood's Courting Lead Christians to Patronize "Noah" Propaganda Film
Pastors threaten to publish license plate numbers of patrons at topless bar
Pastrami Burrito at Burger Shoppe in West Phoenix Is a Protein-Rich Guilty Pleasure
Pat Buchanan Asks: Is Putin the Irrational One?
Pat Buchanan: Is Kerry In denial?
Pat Buchanan: Repeal the Civil Rights Laws
Pat Condell: A society of cowards (UK media gives in to radical Islam)
Pat Quinn Named in Chicago State Lawsuit
Pat Roberts Rolls Out Worst Survey Ever (Kansas)
Pat Roberts dodges residency queries (Kansas Senate)
Pat Roberts, 2014's Richard Lugar?
Pat Robertson begs Ken Ham to shut up
Pat Robertson, marginalized by the MSM, suddenly becomes their voice of reason (i.e. Ken Ham)?
Paternos want Big Ten to show what it knew about Freeh investigation, Penn State sanctions
Patient privacy non-existent; Doctors required to provide all medical records to federal government
Patients Cram In Tests Before Health-Law Start
Patients flock to free clinics despite Obamacare
Patients’ Costs Skyrocket; Specialists’ Incomes Soar (New York Times)
Patriarch Kirill Concerned About Islamists' Activities in Moscow
Patriarch Kirill to Meet with Heads of Orthodox Churches in Istanbul
Patriarch Kirill: Violation of God's Laws is Destroying Human Civilization (Re: Same-Sex Marriage)
Patriarch Tawadros: The So-Called "Arab Spring" was Actually a Winter
Patriarch tells pope of three “true martyrs” executed in Syria
Patriarchate priests had fled with their families from the Crimea
Patrick Buchanan: Are The Senkakus Worth A War? – OpEd
Patrick Buchanan: What Did Our Wars Win? – OpEd
Patrick Buchanan: Will Mobocracy Triumph In Ukraine? – OpEd
Patrick Henry’s Speech to the Virginia House of Burgess, Richmond, Virginia March 23, 1775
Patrick J. Buchanan: Why Congress is held in contempt
Patrick Kennedy’s new book will leave us all in stitches
Patrick won't do any worse than other Bay State also-rans
Patriot Act author: Obama’s intel czar should be prosecuted (Clapper lied to Congress)
Patriot Post: Culture, Science & FaithA&E Fires Phil
Patriot's History of the Modern World, Vol.II...Larry Schweikart
Patriotic picture taken at Cy-Fair High School creates buzz (texas)
Patriotism from Life-Saving to Destructive Force
Patriots fans in Denver for game scoring plenty of legal pot
Pats fans hitting up Denver pot shops before big game
Pattern developing for President Selfie
Pattern: Obama warns of consequences; there are none
Patty Murray and Harry Reid Attack the Victims of Obamacare
Patty Murray backs off military pension cut
Patty Murray emerges as bipartisan figure after budget deal
Patty Murray: 'Technical error' that cuts disabled veterans benefits will be fixed
Paul Krugman asks Canadians if they like their health care, doesn't get the answer he was hoping for
Paul Krugman is Wrong About Jobs and Income Inequality: Inverting Cause and Effect
Paul Krugman's Preposterous Statement Of The Day (re: the Tea Party)
Paul Krugman: The Undeserving Rich (Here it comes!)
Paul McCartney 1965-2011 Comparison
Paul Ryan & the GOP Must Own the Cuts to Veterans Benefits
Paul Ryan And The Left’s Racial Code-Talkers
Paul Ryan Defends Military Pension Cuts as Lawmakers Push Repeal(He keeps digging a deeper hole)
Paul Ryan Doubles Down on Cutting Veteran Pensions (this is Presidential Material dissing Vets?)
Paul Ryan Gave Away the Sequester, Along With Fiscal Discipline
Paul Ryan Grilled by Hugh Hewitt over Budget Deal Cutting Military Pensions
Paul Ryan Is the Odds-On Favorite to Win the Republican Nomination in 2016
Paul Ryan Most 'Open Borders Person in Congress(backstabber alert)'
Paul Ryan Takes a Step Toward House Speakership
Paul Ryan To Meet Black U.S. Lawmakers After "Offensive" Remarks
Paul Ryan Unveils 2015 budget plan: Includes major spending cuts
Paul Ryan and Patty Murray announce budget deal: Here are the basics
Paul Ryan lays out anti-poverty agenda
Paul Ryan makes nice with conservative groups after fractious budget vote
Paul Ryan on CNBC: build jobs in America
Paul Ryan says Marco Rubio should 'read the deal and get back to me'
Paul Ryan tells Tea Party to keep budget disagreements ‘within our conservative family’
Paul Ryan to deliver critique of Democrat’s (sic) pitch
Paul Ryan vs. the Military
Paul Ryan's Budget Exposes Democrats' Bankruptcy Of Ideas
Paul Ryan's Last 24 Hours: Immigration Reform Is Inevitable; (to Hispanic Chamber of Commerce)
Paul Ryan: 'Budget Isn’t a Serious Document; It’s a Campaign Brochure'
Paul Ryan: Fate of Immigration Bill 'Clearly in Doubt'
Paul Ryan: Give Leaders 'Benefit of the Doubt'?
Paul Ryan: Immigration a question of 'when'
Paul Ryan: Immigration legislation unlikely in '14
Paul Ryan: Obama presidency "increasingly lawless"
Paul Ryan: Pope 'Triggering Exact Dialogue We Should Be Having'
Paul Ryan’s Deal Throws away 2014 Advantage
Paul Ryan’s Super Clever Idea for Illegal Immigrants
Paul Ryan’s military pay gambit backfires
Paul Ryan’s ‘Free Lunch’ CPAC Story Never Happened
Paul Vallely Will Be Happy To Lead An Anti-Obama Revolution
Paul Walker Died Within Seconds of Crash, Coroner Rules [going at least 90 mph where limit was 45]
Paul Walker's family blames road bumps for car crash
Paul Walker’s dad begged him to stop ‘daredevil’ ways
Paul takes credit for NSA metadata changes (look who the real leaders are in the Senate!)
Paul, Palin, West and Carson: 32 names crowd GOP presidential straw poll
Paul: Bill Clinton a 'throwback to a sort of troglodyte time'
Paul: Candidates should return 'predatory' Bill Clinton's donations
Paul: GOP too narrow
Paul: We probably can't get rid of 'Obamacare' - [Sep. 21, 2013 9:56 PM EDT ]
Paula Deen Compares Herself to Michael Sam; World Reacts Accordingly
Paula Deen Is Ready to Come Back, Y'all
Paula Deen inks business deal worth $75 to $100 million
Paula Deen shuts down restaurant without telling employees
Paula Deen to open eatery in Pigeon Forge
Pause Is Seen in a Continent’s Peopling
Pay Boost for Congress Given High Priority
Pay No Attention to That Man Behind the Curtain! Catholic History and the Emerald City Protocol
Pay for College Like a Car
Payback: India demolishes US embassy barriers after diplomat’s NY arrest
Paying for Abortions, One Pendant at a Time
Payin’ Putin: As Ukraine crisis simmers, NASA to pay Russia $71M for rocket ride
Payroll Made Simple
Payton: Remembering Mandela's visit to Oakland
Peace Activist Priest Dismissed from Jesuits
Peace Of Cake
Peace activist priest dismissed from Jesuits ("obstinately disobedient")
Peace and Safety - From Nuclear Fears to Utopian Visions
Peace deal reached before haredi protest (Kerry vs. Israel)
Peace in the culture wars --- if the Left wants it
Peace process partner scam spam
Peacock Spider Dances to YMCA
Peak oil? The trend to watch is peak car
Pearl Harbor Story Found at Flea Market
Pearl Harbor and the Day of the Lord
Pearl Harbor attack on December 7, 1941: Major victory for Japan
Pearl Harbor: 16 Days To Die -- Trapped By The Memories -- Few Knew The Secret Of The Sunken
Pearls of Wisdom
Pediatricians Warn Parents Not to Seek Medical Care on Evenings, Weekends
Pediatricians advise pregnant women, children against drinking raw milk
Pedophile Made a Fortune Filing Disability Lawsuits in California
Pedophiles Are Not National News -- When They're Gay Rights Pioneers
Pedophilia the next 'sexual-rights' revolution? (...LGBT argument to 'minor-attracted persons')
Pedophilia, Italy ... & us?
Peduto's pick for Office of Management and Budget owes $83,000 to the IRS [Pittsburgh mayor]
Peeping Tom Apprehended After Topless Shopper Chases Him Through Store
Pellet Gun Proposal Responds To Shooting Tragedies
Pelosi Denies Retirement Rumors [Satire]
Pelosi Disavows Responsibility for Obamacare Failures
Pelosi Laughably Claims Democrats Are The Jobs Party (She's beyond help)
Pelosi Says Dems Focusing on 3 ‘R’s to Win Midterms: Recruiting, Raising Cash, Raising Issues
Pelosi Statement on the GOP’s 50th Vote to Repeal or Undermine the Affordable Care Act
Pelosi Video: You Can’t Measure ObamaCare By the Number of People it Insured
Pelosi acts as if she is powerless in disaster ‘Daily Show’ appearance
Pelosi and Obamacare (vanity)
Pelosi and Schumer: Read the Constitution
Pelosi bill would grant unemployment benefits for weekends, holidays, and paid lunches
Pelosi calls for Obama to halt deportations
Pelosi insists immigration plan include path to citizenship; some House Republicans vow to oppose
Pelosi on Why the ObamaCare Website Rollout Failed: 'I Don't Know'
Pelosi on budget deal: 'Embrace the suck'
Pelosi says she's not done yet
Pelosi to Receive Planned Parenthood Award Honoring Eugenicist
Pelosi to Reporter: It’s Not Obamacare, It’s The Affordable Care Act
Pelosi won’t run on Obamacare: ‘While we’re proud of the Affordable Care Act, we now pivot to jobs’
Pelosi: Being an Illegal Alien is Not a Reason to Deport Someone
Pelosi: Democrats Not Running On Obamacare; We're Running On Job Creation
Pelosi: Dems will insist on citizenship
Pelosi: Extending Unemployment ‘One of Best Ways to Grow the Economy’
Pelosi: GOP 'disrespects' women
Pelosi: GOP Failure to Extend Unemployment Benefits Practically 'Immoral'
Pelosi: GOP friend-of-mine told me his party is “indifferent” to “really hungry children,” you know
Pelosi: Health law is a ‘winner’ for Democrats
Pelosi: If There’s One Things We’ll Never Do, It’s Delay Obamacare’s Individual Mandate
Pelosi: It's Not "Obamacare"
Pelosi: O-Care won’t hurt Dems
Pelosi: Obama won't drag down Dems
Pelosi: Obamacare fallout will be reversed, won't hurt Democrats
Pelosi: Obamacare will be ‘glorious’
Pelosi: Proud of Democrats for Being Proud of ACA
Pelosi: Race playing role in GOP's reluctance to move immigration bill
Pelosi: Republicans Would Pass Immigration Reform for the Irish
Pelosi: Russian law like stepping into 'ancient history'
Pelosi: Tack cost of more unemployment benefits onto deficit
Pelosi: the Founding Fathers Would Totally Support Obamacare (Uh huh, right)(Insert Sarcasm)
Pelosi:Passing Immigration Reform is More Important Than Democrats' Winning in November
Pembina advances Phase III Canadian crude pipeline expansion
Penis pumps draining Medicare of millions
Penn State Aims For The Moon With Its Lunar Lion Lander
Penn State Student Arrested Over WMD
Penn State clings to lead at NCAAs [wrestling on espnU now, espn later]
Penn State hires James Franklin
Penn State holds three-point lead after championship's first session [ncaa Wrestling Championships]
Penn State story surrounding Sandusky scandal is not over, according to filmmakers
Penn State student arrested for constructing 'weapons of mass destruction'
Penn State to hire Eric Barron as new president
Penn State volleyball: Nittany Lions defeat Wisconsin for NCAA championship
Penn State's John Urschel Wins 84th AAU Sullivan Award
Penn State's John Urschel takes home prestigious scholar-athlete award
Penn State's Thon 2014 kicks off Friday: A full guide to the event
Penn State's Thon 2014, The Weekend in Photos
Penn launching LGBT health initiative
Pennsylvania Bill Would Gut Horse Racing Fund
Pennsylvania GOP a party without principles (GOP-E War on the TEA Party)
Pennsylvania Judge Invalidates State's Voter ID Law
Pennsylvania Judge Sentenced For 28 Years For Selling Kids to Prison System
Pennsylvania counties weigh shale gas drilling on public land [lease to raise money]
Pennsylvania is the fastest-growing natural gas-producing state
Pennsylvania man says hunch helped him land sheet of rare 'corrected' 1918 stamps
Pennsylvania newlyweds killed man for thrills, police say
Pennsylvania police department to toss records, keep Tommy gun
Pennsylvania town’s $1,000-a-day fine is for the birds, residents say
Pennsylvania voter ID law struck down
Pennsylvania woman tried to frame hubby with child porn
Pennsylvania’s Scott Wagner: the latest TEA party candidate to beat the GOP-e
Penny Lord Passes Away
Pensacola Navy Commander Homicide Victim
Pensacola Woman Charged With Prostitution After Accidentally Texting Cop
Pension Costs Mean Tighter Budgets For Classrooms, Taxpayers
Pension Expert: Local Pennsylvania Downgrades Lurk
Pension crisis endangers Chicago's future
Pentagon Concerned by China’s New High-Speed Missile
Pentagon Not Ready for Cold War 2
Pentagon Plans to Shrink Army to Pre-World War II Level
Pentagon Proposes Plan to Gut Commissary's Budget
Pentagon Pulling the Plug on the Troubled Littoral Combat Ship
Pentagon Push to Free U.S. POW Gets New Manpower (Bowe Bergdahl)
Pentagon budget slashes benefits
Pentagon confirms report of Russian air defense drills
Pentagon fumes as Afghanistan frees Taliban fighters with 'blood on their hands'
Pentagon plans to shrink US Army to pre-WWII level
Pentagon relaxes rules on religious apparel, facial hair
Pentagon to allow religious beards, tattoos, piercings in some cases
Pentagon to launch blimps to guard against cruise missiles
Pentagon to reconsider medals for UAV pilots and cyber warriors
Pentagon to review all military medals
Pentagon's hands tied on hunting down Benghazi attackers, transcripts show
Pentagon, McDonald's Capitulate To Sharia Law
Pentagon, Under The Betrayer-in-Chief, Imprisons/Betrays Soldiers/Vets & Rewards Terrorists
Pentagon: China Failed to Consult Before Imposing Air Defense Zone
Pentagon: F-35 Software Remains Seriously Flawed
Pentagon: No Unusual Chinese Military Maneuvers Despite Tensions with Japan Beijing launches first
Pentagon: North Korea Develops Unmanned Strike Aircraft From Stolen U.S. Target Drone
Pentagon: U.S. Not Capable of Detecting Foreign Nuke Threats (US unclassified report)
Peonage for the Twenty-First Century
People Not In Labor Force Soar To Record 91.8 Million; Participation Rate Plunges To 1978 Levels
People With Obamacare Will Still Go Broke
People awakened by frost quakes' thunderous booms
People cry for help from underneath rubble after 3 die in Washington landslide
People who drink alcohol outlive those who abstain, study shows
People with health insurance sour on ObamaCare, poll finds
Pep Guardiola Steers Bayern Munich To Bundesliga Title In Record Time
PepsiCo, Coca-Cola Have Large Stakes in Russia, Ukraine
PepsiCo: We Didn’t Sponsor Giffords’ Gabfest. Specifically.
Per Obama, Female Soldiers Should Make Less Money than Males
Perceived bias of AT&T Yahoo Website.
Percentage of Americans Wanting Looser Gun Laws Triples in 2014
Percy Harvin Continues NFL's Nightmare Postseason Of Concussions
Peres Thanks Bus Driver and Passenger for their Alertness
Peres: Abbas is Serious About Peace
Peres: Impossible to Separate Religion and State in Israel
Perfect Storm Of Pointless: MSNBC’s Finney Interviews MSNBC’s Perry About Fox News’ Kelly ...
Perfect timing makes this seemingly normal photo of Obama ring true politically...
Perhaps a Poetic Moment
Perhaps the Most Unsettling Exercise Video of All Time!!!
Peri: Evict 25% of Judea, Samaria Jews From Their Homes
Perils of Commercial Beekeeping
Perpetually Indebted Amtrak Wants to Offer Free Rides
Perry Banned Republican Parents From Seeing Her Perform At Obama Inauguration
Perry Warns Kimmel: ‘I Do Interviews with a Gun’
Perry condemns Nugent's 'subhuman mongrel' remark
Perry, Dewhurst, Straus, and Now George P. Bush Double Down on Cronyism in Texas
Perry: "Time for a Little Rebellion"
Perry: ‘Time for a Little Rebellion’
Person of the Year - Catholic Vote weighs in on the media frenzy
Personal Notes Underscore John Paul II's Marian Devotion
Personal Thoughts On Us
Personal computer HELP request
Personalized Drone Delivery: the new Personal Computer?
Perspective: Beyond Repeal — A Republican Proposal for Health Care Reform
Perspectives on the Feast of the Presentation of Our Lord Jesus, the Light of the World
Peru: Security upped at Machu Picchu over influx of streakers
Pest discovered in shipment of fresh basil from Mexico
Pet Alert: Toxic Holiday Decorations
Pet bobcat loose in Ocean County, report says
Pet crocodile takes over man’s apartment
Pete Seeger and Kindergarten
Pete Seeger dies at 94
Pete Seeger has died
Pete Seeger, Marxist minstrel
Pete Seeger, Songwriter and Champion of Folk Music, Dies at 94
Pete Seeger: A Mean-Spirited and Vengeful Recollection
Pete Sessions and Darrell Issa: Who are these Obamacare navigators?
Pete's Call In to Kevin Slaten Regrading Penn State & Joe Paterno [youtube audio]
Peter Cosgrove: The life and times of Australia's new Governor-General (announced a moment ago)
Peter Greste: Egypt detention is ‘attack on press freedom’
Peter King Says He May Run for President to Save the GOP from Cruz and Paul
Peter King: NSA Should Monitor Congress in Case They’re ‘Talking to an Al Qaeda Leader’
Peter King: Paul 'doesn't deserve' to be a senator
Peter King: Rand Paul 'disgraced' his office (Barf alert!)
Peter King: Rand Paul ‘Unfit to Be a Leader of a Party’
Peter Lucas: 'Golden Boy' lost it all to 'meth'
Peter Lucas: Legislative expulsion? It started with a wayward Hiss
Peter Lucas: Putin more a Groucho Marxist
Peter Lucas: U.S. program lost in space
Peter O'Toole dies at 81
Peter O'Toole, star of Lawrence of Arabia, dies aged 81
Peter O'Toole: The Chronic Actor
Peter O’Toole, RIP (by Mark Steyn)
Peter Tatchell Wants Results of Mandatory Exams on Gay Ideology on School Children's Records
Peter and the Sax Player
Petition Demanding Removal Of Condoleezza Rice From Dropbox Board Pops Up Online, On Twitter
Petition launched to deport Justin Bieber
Petition puts Justin Bieber into Obama's in-basket
Petition to Demand the Resignation of President Obama
Petition to White House Calls on Public Schools to Recognize Muslim Holidays
Petraeus Investigation Still Open To Keep Him Quiet About Benghazi?
Petri will not seek re-election in Congress
Petrodollar Alert: Putin Prepares To Announce "Holy Grail" Gas Deal With China
Petroleum Product Exports Continued to Rise in 2013, This Week in Petroleum
Petulant Judge Returns Guns, Destroys Ammunition
Pew Poll: Majority of Americans support Keystone XL, including Democrats
Pew Study: Christians Are The World’s Most Oppressed Religious Group
Pew Study: Gov’t Restrictions on Religion Increased 87.5% From 2009-2012
Pew Study: Majority of Millennials Oppose Gun Control
Pew Survey: A Decade of Change in American Attitudes about Same-Sex Marriage and LGBT Issues
Pew poll: 61% of Republicans under age 30 support legalizing gay marriage
Pew: Liberal support for Obama at all-time low, worse than George W. Bush and conservatives
Pew: White majority over, next generation more than 50% non-white
Peyton Manning and Richard Sherman, United in Super Bowl Greatness?
Peyton Manning set passing record by 1 yard, but was a 7-yard pass vs. Oakland really a lateral?
Peyton Manning, Broncos rip Patriots to reach Super Bowl
Peyton's calls collect $24,800
Pharmacist fired for refusing to dispense ‘morning-after’ pill sues for religious discrimination
Phelps deathbed reports have foes keeping watch
Phelps’ hate seen by some as aiding gay rights
Phil Everly of Everly Brothers dies at 74, newspaper reports.
Phil Everly of the Everly Brothers dies at 74.
Phil Predicts Six More Weeks of Winter!!!!!
Phil Robertson (Duck Dynasty) makes controversial comments about homosexuality
Phil Robertson Breaks His Silence After Controversial Remarks
Phil Robertson Buys Wife Wedding Ring for Christmas
Phil Robertson Ducks US Senate Run, Despite Poll Suggesting He'd Win
Phil Robertson Gets Fired For Paraphrasing the Apostle Paul
Phil Robertson Publicly Bashed Gays for Years -- A&E Knew All About It
Phil Robertson Returning To Duck Dynasty
Phil Robertson Returning to Duck Dynasty Episodes on January 15th
Phil Robertson breaks his silence: REFUSES to back down from anti-gay comments
Phil Robertson defender Sarah Palin admits to not having read his interview
Phil Robertson fired From Duck Dynasty, Backlash Continues
Phil Robertson has the right to his religion without condemnation
Phil Robertson is my 1st Amendment blood brother
Phil Robertson vs. Alec Baldwin
Phil Robertson's Detractors Advance His Message
Phil Robertson's son defends him on teen brides
Phil Robertson's suspension highlights A&E's bigotry toward Christians says prolife group
Phil Robertson, meet Brigette Bardot
Phil Robertson: American Hero
Phil Robertson: Black People Were ‘Happy’ Before Civil Rights
Phil Robertson’s Son Defends the ‘Duck Dynasty’ Patriarch’s ‘Controversial’ Comments
Phila. Father Pleads Guilty To Falsely Enrolling Daughter in Suburban School (Theft of Services)
Phila. Police Commissioner Says January 7th Street Incident Remains Unclear
Philadelphia Faith-Healer Couple Gets 7 Years in Prison for Infant Son's Death
Philadelphia Judge Issues Ruling That Could Give Anonymous Online Commenters Second Thoughts
Philadelphia police to wear Saints gear to keep order at Eagles game
Philadelphians tired of Facebook placing them 'near Camden'
Philadelphia’s Union ‘Thugs’ Indicted
Philanthropist Willard Hackerman remembered as supporter of Catholic education
Philip Seymour Hoffman dead after apparent drug overdose: cops
Philip Seymour Hoffman dead at age 46
Philip Seymour Hoffman had 'hard-core' drug addiction (Ya think?)
Philippine Gun Ban in Effect for Most of 2013
Philippine Police Used 'Wheel of Torture' to Abuse Suspects w/ One Punishment Named Manny Pacquiao
Philippine ship dodges China blockade to reach South China Sea outpost
Philippines Probing Drug Link to Mexican Cartel
Philippines, Muslim rebels seal historic peace deal
Philips Sonicare Essence hx5300 Brush Heads (NC)
Phillip Morris Introduces Marlboro Marijuana Cigarettes (Satire)
Phillip Seymour Hoffman Dead
Phillips 66 expands area facilities with gaze focused abroad
Philly Catholics join 'Mass Mob' trend to support churches (St. Francis Xavier)
Philly DA Blows the Whistle on Pennsylvania’s State AG
Philly Marks Second Snowiest Winter On Record
Philly and 'Nooga Remind Dangers of Ambush Union Elections
Philly cops to have new policy for interactions with transgender community
Philly men charged in Liberty Bell Ruby robbery (8000 carat ruby)
Philly schools accused of religious beard bias
Philly's first gay Presbyterian pastor to lead Broad Street Ministry
Philosopher Who Gave the New Atheists Their Theoretical Foundations Became Convinced that God Exists
Philosophy Professor Wants To Criminalize Scientific Dissent
Phishing Scam Reported for DC Health Link
Phoenician colony in southeast Spain re-examined
Phoenix reporter says Jay Carney DOESN'T get daily briefing questions in advance
Phone Service Vanity
Phone data cut after Somali militant threat
Phones for outsmarting snoopers get pitched to mass market
Photo of new Solar Power Pant on Ca 0 Nevada Stale Line.
Photo of the Day: The Smell of Winter
Photobomb may have sparked Kim Pham's deadly beating outside California nightclub
Photographer Gives 11-Year-Old the Gift of a Walk Down the Aisle with Her Dying Dad
Photographer Has Blower Confiscated by TSA Because it ‘Could Fly Like a Missile’
Photos Of Sochi Looking Like A Ghost City One Month After The Olympics
Photos of bank robbery released-Miami Chase Bank robbed Monday
Photos show one Italian family’s near-miss after giant boulders smashed one metre from house
Photos: The 'Other' Storm - Israel's Floods
Phyllis Schlafly endorses Osborn in Nebraska
Phyllis Schlafly family in beer trademark dispute
Phyllis Schlafly: Republicans are ‘fools’ to back ‘any kind of amnesty’
Physical punishment tied to aggression, hyperactivity
Physicist: Big Bang Breakthrough 'Confirms Creation'
Physicists scoop information from Schrodinger's cat box [Quantum Mechanics]
Physics Professor Comes Out of Closet Admits LENR is For Real
Pick up truck carved out of ice is taken for a quick spin before it melts
Pickens Co. sheriff refuses to fly flag at half-staff for Mandela
Pickles The Rescue Cat aka ‘Catasaurus Rex’ Finds A Home
Pictured: Obama’s half-brother wearing Hamas scarf that boasts ‘Jerusalem is ours—WE ARE COMING’
Pictured: Shocking moment doting son was killed with single punch. (UK) -
Pictures Of Antarctica
Pictures or Video of You with Your Guns Can Be Used Against You in Court.
Piers Morgan Accuses Sarah Palin of Getting Martin Bashir Fired By MSNBC
Piers Morgan Admits His Gun Control Rants Contributed to CNN Show's Demise
Piers Morgan Brought Positive Change
Piers Morgan Ends CNN Run With Gun Control Plea: 'I Want More of You to Stay Alive'
Piers Morgan Is the American Left
Piers Morgan Missed His Target in America
Piers Morgan Out at CNN? Is Our Long National Nightmare Really Over? (Who should take his job?)
Piers Morgan Suffers Bruised Rib, Cracked Wrist After Being Repeatedly Battered by Cricket Bowler
Piers Morgan and CNN Plan End to His Prime-Time Show
Piers Morgan ends CNN show lecturing Americans about their ‘absurd gun laws’
Piers Morgan's Latest Idea: Ban Gun Sales and Ownership For People Under 25
Piers Morgan: First Amendment 'Shouldn't Protect Vile Bigots' Like Phil Robertson
Piers Morgan: No guns for people under 25
Piers Morgan’s Revealing Rancor
Pig Virus May Send Bacon Prices Soaring
Pig heads in boxes sent to Jewish targets in Rome
Pig virus expected to lead to higher pork prices
Pikes, Pickets, and Scams
Pile of dung dumped outside French National Assembly
Pilgrimage to Lourdes of Korea
Pilot Scoop: CBS Orders Secretary of State Drama From Homeland Co-EP
Pilot Study Finds Ways to Better Screen, Recover Guns from Domestic Violence Offenders
Pilot describes decision to land plane in water
Pilot in Crash Returns to Cockpit After Release
Pilot in another plane was flying 30 minutes ahead of MH370 (had contact w lost plane)
Pilot pleads guilty in death of woman who fell from his hang glider in 2012
Pilot who killed 50 after crashing 737 into runway in near-vertical dive may have had a fake licence
Pilots on Justin Bieber 'pot plane' were ‘forced to wear oxygen masks..
Pimp sues Nike for $100m b/c they didn't warn him re dangers of using shoes to stomp on man's face
Pimp sues Nike for not warning shoes could be dangerous if used to beat people
Pimps Act Much Like Managers in Any Other Business, Study Finds
Pin drop! Obama lawyer stuns Supreme justice
Pink Brick Award [Homo-fascist smear campaign]
Pink underwear, prisons and a Christmas posse
Pinkwashing Norman Rockwell
Pinsonat Says (exempt RAT) Mary Landrieu Is in Serious Trouble in US Senate Race
Pioneer Flourishes in U.S. Shale Fields Where Shell Floundered
Pipe Bomb Explodes On Israeli Bus- Hamas Cheers “Heroic Action”
Pipe bomb handed back to Edmonton passenger by airport guard
Pipeline Opponents’ Hopes Now Rest Largely on Kerry
Pipeline protesters arrested at Center City federal building
Piranhas Steals Fish
Pistol Defense Against Moose Attack
Pistol pulled from Bonnie Parker's bloody skirt set for auction
Pit Bull Attack Leaves One Toddler Dead
Pit Bull Survives Eating Gopher Poison in Beef
Pit bull mauls Texas woman and 2-year-old daughter: cops
Pit bull mauls owner to death
Pit bulls attack 3 before being shot [ San Diego ]
Pitching Obamacare to a tough crowd in Mississippi
Pitfalls of Immigration Reform (GOP Amnesty Summit starts 1/29 at luxury MD resort!)
Pittsburgh Bishop Says ‘No’ to Common Core in Diocesan Schools
Pittsburgh Center Honoring Playwright Finds Itself Short on Visitors and Donors
Pittsburgh [and elsewhere] teens: No jobs for you
Pittsburgh area - Jan sub-zero temps as many as decade combined [snow tires hot item]
Pizza Patrón embracing Mexican roots
Pizza Vending Machines: The Next Big Thing?
Place You bets: How do you think Obama and his comrades will want to use the next ‘serious crisis’?
Plague decoded: Researchers link 2 of the most devastating pandemics in history
Plan To Split California Into Six States Gets OK To Gather Signatures
Plan for 'Sharia-Compliant' Student Loans to Get More Muslims into University [UK]
Plan for Joy in Advent
Plan to Limit Some Drugs in Medicare Is Criticized
Plan to divide California into 6 states advances
Plane 'false alarm' off Gran Canaria
Plane Found? CNN on Suicide Watch; Liberals Tie Global Warming to Story
Plane Wing Falls Off During Air Show (Video)
Plane crashes, woman dies, survivor films and takes selfie
Plane from Ukraine Grounded in Istanbul After Bomb Threat
Plane satellite image uncovered
Plane wreckage recovered off Molokai
Planet likely to warm by 4C by 2100, (hoax denier) scientists warn
Planetary and Republican Opposition: It Only Happens Every 2 Years…Don’t Miss It
Planned Parenthood Affiliate Produces Video Promoting Bondage and Sadomasochism to Teens
Planned Parenthood Arizona Wants to Push Abortion, Sex Ed on Kids
Planned Parenthood Board Member Calls Abortion a “Blessing” (BARF ALERT)
Planned Parenthood Board Member Says Abortion Is ‘A Sacred Gift,’ Claims Christianity Is Dying
Planned Parenthood Cuts Breast Screenings 34% After Exploiting Komen for Millions
Planned Parenthood Did 1 Adoption Referral Per 149 Abortions
Planned Parenthood Employee Accused Of Sexual Battery Against Patient
Planned Parenthood Founder on Abortion: ‘No Matter How Early…It Was Taking Life’
Planned Parenthood Hosts Sex-Themed Spelling Bee to Raise Funds for Abortion
Planned Parenthood Laying off in Iowa, Closing Clinics in Secret
Planned Parenthood Must Pay $2 Million Settlement After Killing Woman in Abortion
Planned Parenthood President: My Childrens’ Lives Began at Delivery, Not Conception
Planned Parenthood Releases 'Twelve Days of Contraception' Christmas Carol
Planned Parenthood Representative Says Christianity is “Going Down”
Planned Parenthood Training School Nurses to Push Sex Ed on Kids as Young as Kindergarten
Planned Parenthood Tweets Valentine Day Message With Condom Replacing Wedding Ring
Planned Parenthood [A look Back - The Wanderer, April 3, 1941]
Planned Parenthood held a “Condom Contest”
Planned Parenthood received $540.6 million in tax dollars, performed 327,166 abortions in 2012
Planned Parenthood reveals big 2014 game plan
Planned Parenthood targets Wisconsin governor's race in 2014 game plan
Planned Parenthood to Spend $15 Million in 2014 Keeping Senate in Democrat Hands
Planned Parenthood to open $2M mega-facility in central Florida, local residents and doctors upset
Planned Parenthood wants to make your children into ‘sexperts’ for the ‘revolution’
Planned Parenthood: Women Want Abortions for Valentine’s Day
Planned changes at D-M go beyond A-10 cuts
Planned execution in Texas draws high-profile protests
Planned food safety rules rile organic farmers (CSPI supported rules)
Planned food safety rules rile organic farmers [Obama wages war against farmers]
Planned parenthood president: ‘when life begins’ not ‘relevant’
Planning could hold key to disappearance of Flight MH370
Plans to build Chick-fil-A in Pasadena delayed after council vote
Plant Explosion in Union County [MS]
Plantation girl's emotional response to Obama hits news wires
Plantation woman accused of fatally shooting domestic partner
Plastic surgeon turns daughters into Barbie dolls (Video included)
Plato Lays Into Obama Administration
Play free game Falling Obama
Playboy Interview: Actor Ben Affleck on Batman, Argo & Politics (Mod Warning: Racy Content at Site)
Players Are Not Cool With Australian Open Heat Policy (only one stoppage in four brutal days)
Playing God: Superhumanity
Playmates on Parade a Metairie neighborhood tradition
Plea deal offered to pastor accused of molesting three children
Please Allow US to RETORT
Please Freep This Poll (The Affordable Care Act, Obamacare, is...)
Please Help - Caleb Jacoby, Jeff Jacoby's son, is missing
Please Help Freep a Poll. Should new Ohio River Bridge in Kentucky be named after Ronald Reagan.
Please Pray for Fragile Boy Undergoing Major Surgery Today
Please Pray for Me… I Am Losing My Insurance (Why is our government doing this to us?)
Please pray for my leg
Please say a pray for healing for my Mom
Please say a prayer for my son (vanity)
Please watch video Ukraine: The Fear
Please, some honesty from the Vatican about the health of religious life
Plow company fined for filling driveway with snow on purpose
Plowgate: De Blasio Punishes the People
Plug & Play Politics
Plundering Sold As Populism
Plus-size, double-chinned Barbie sparking controversial debate
Plymouth Rock Struck by Vandals
Podcast/Podcatcher Address for Peter Boyles
Podesta Will Peddle Green Agenda - disclosure report "hottest read in Washington"
Podesta apologizes for Jonestown crack
Podesta nd Jim Jones [vanity]
Podesta, Left-Wing Mastermind, to Lead NSA Review
Podesta: Climate game changer (& hoax denier)
Podesta: Obama's 'Warmed Up' to Executive Action; Will Use It for 'Climate Change and
Podesta: Obama’s “Warmed Up” to Executive Action; Will Use It for “Climate Change”…
Poem for Peter and Paul
Poetry Corner: Ode to Harry Reid
Poisoned Meatballs Found Again in San Francisco's Twin Peaks
Poker Shark's Laptop Pwned by "Evil Maid" Attack
Pol sent staff video of ‘oral sex’ (party not mentioned)
Poland Calls Home Expat Reserves, Seeks New Anti-Russian Military Block in Eastern Europe
Poland Is Quietly Mobilizing Its Army Reservists
Poland and Baltics feel heat from Crimea
Poland can manage without Russian gas: PM
Poland's fear of 'the Russian Bear'
Polar Explorer vs. Reality TV Crew: Tim Jarvis in the Footsteps of Shackleton
Polar Vortex 2.0 Arrives.So What Will The Explanation Be This Time?,Product Of Global Warming?
Polar Vortex Highlights Natural Gas-fired Generation Vulnerabilities
Polar Vortex II Set To Strike US This Week
Polar bears are modifying their diets to adapt to climate change
Poles discovered an over 8 thousand years old grain storage in Turkey
Police Abuse or S.O.P.?
Police Arrest Illegal Aliens With Ties To Massive Target Credit Card Breach
Police Beat, Detain Activists as Michelle Arrived in Chengdu
Police Beat, Stun Deaf Man After Confusing Sign Language With Threatening Gestures
Police Called After Gun Tattoo Mistaken for Real Gun
Police Captain Confirms Children 'Possessed by Demons'
Police Commissioner Says Bludgeoning of Jaywalker Justified
Police Investigate 2nd Elderly Assault Claim In 2 Weeks (Knockout Game)
Police Investigating Kidnapping of Williamsburg Real Estate Developer (Hasidic)
Police Investigation Into Andy Lopez Shooting Sent To DA
Police Keep Quiet About Cell-Tracking Technology
Police Mistake Leads to Escape of Bozeman Rape Suspect
Police Officer Arrests Firefighter At Accident Scene In California
Police Officer Injured In Miami Gardens Shooting [Trayvon Martin's Hometown]
Police Officer Quits After Forced to Eat 15 Burgers
Police Officer to Disabled Veteran Denied Service: “You’re Not Blind, You Don’t Need a Dog”
Police Probe Threatening ’1 Percent’ Graffiti Left On Atherton Homes [death threats to richest 1%]
Police Raid LAX in Passenger Theft Case
Police Recover Deaf Puppy Stolen During Burglary
Police SHOOT two female pedestrians while chasing UNARMED mentally ill man
Police Shoot 3 Dogs, 1 Fatally, After Attack On Man In Pasadena [CA]
Police Shoot Dog in St. Clair Shores After Complaints About Excessive Barking
Police Shoot Hostage Taker Outside Denver Convenience Store
Police Shoot, Kill Dog; Owner Is Ticketed
Police State extravaganza at Super Bowl XLVIII
Police Storm Kiev Square as Crisis Grows
Police Trickery Prompts Concern From State's High Court
Police and medical staff document America's real-life possession: Official reports claim boy
Police arrest 73 at UMass "Blarney Blowout" party
Police block Mexico hospital, 6 may have radiation [poisoning]
Police charged transgender in Peshawar
Police chief claims his force has to switch to 9mm handguns… because U.S. military switched to .40?
Police chief forced to apologize over comments (Austin jogger)
Police chief on bizarre ordeal of arrested jogger: At least she wasn’t sexually assaulted!
Police chiefs report: Newtown police responded rapidly to Sandy Hook shootings
Police detonate live grenade found at Goodwill store
Police focus turns toward victim’s mother in Lunenburg racist graffiti case
Police forced man to have anal surgery during crazy drug search, now settling for $1.6 million
Police get break, identify sex offender, in 1975 missing girls' cold case [Lyon sisters]
Police hope forensics will lead to Short Hills mall shooting suspects, reward grows to $41K
Police hunt mystery woman who made final phone call to doomed jet captain
Police hunting 'mystery pooper' defecating on park slides
Police identify shooter in Maryland mall shooting
Police investigate assault of transgender teen
Police investigate shooting(Hartford, CT)
Police investigating after Justin Bieber’s limo driver claims he was assaulted by singer’s entourage
Police investigating possible Midtown bias attack on gay journalist (Manhattan NYC)
Police kill far-right leader in west Ukraine
Police may be using military vehicles because of Pentagon cuts
Police not guilty in Kelly Thomas death; DA won't try 3rd officer
Police object to fraction of gun-carry permits under Illinois conceal carry (99.3% approved)
Police object to very few concealed carry applications
Police officer who retired at 29 with $2 million pension because staple injury to his finger ...
Police officer, 34, shoots dead his wife, 2 children and mother-in-law before committing suicide
Police officers set to receive £35,000 each because the guns were 'too big for their hands'
Police refuse to treat armed robber as suspect in case it breaches his human rights (UK)
Police report: Fight didn’t ruin Las Vegas wedding reception; gunshots did
Police respond to knockout threat [YALE]
Police say they thwarted (another) shooting plot at (Trinidad) Colorado school
Police search for masked gunman who killed teen, wounded 3 others
Police seizing cellphones: A civil-rights dispute
Police shoot 4 after answering calls of gunfire
Police shoot dog in St. Clair Shores after complaints about excessive barking
Police state: County censors government employee who dares criticize Obamacare
Police stop 70 year old man for expired tags, shoot him for holding a cane (video)
Police struggle with far-left Berlin protest (Germany)
Police union draws fire over swearing toddler 'thug' video
Police visit Toronto Mayor Rob Ford's office over message about 'potential threat'
Police warn of multiple, random attacks in downtown Denver early New Year's Day (article and video)
Police, FBI investigating Muslim student’s bullying complaint (Haines City, FL)
Police-beating verdict cause for deep cynicism
Police: 17 Attacks Involving Teen Mob (Louisville, KY)
Police: 2 Employees Shot Manager Multiple Times, Dumped Her Body Behind Taco Bell
Police: 3 Arrested For Burnet Kidnapping That Lasted 1 Year (TX)
Police: 3 who attacked couple went to wrong home (sexually assaulted pregnant woman)
Police: Arizona Walmart shooting was self-defense
Police: Attempted jewelry store robbery ends in suspect shooting himself
Police: Austin woman threw 8-month-old at moving vehicle
Police: Bad Handwriting Lands Attempted Bank Robber in Jail
Police: Bat Yam Bus Bomb Was a Terror Attack
Police: Body of missing legislative intern found [Florida Democrat]
Police: Burglary suspects pocket-dialed 911
Police: CBS reporter charged with DUI, battery
Police: Catholic deacon, principal accused of sexually assaulting altar boy
Police: Customers wrestle gun away from drunk man at Rock Hill pizzeria
Police: Drunken mom threatens school officials, police at son’s school
Police: East Point homeowner shoots, kills intruder
Police: Fortune Teller Claimed Cure for 'Curse' for $200,000 Scam
Police: Guard Crushed At Ultra Showing Slight Improvement
Police: Gunman shoved gun in waistband, shot himself in testicles
Police: Homeowner shot burglary suspect in Winter Haven house (Florida)
Police: Homeowners shoot burglar dead[Multiple Family Members Armed]
Police: Iconic Austin Frog defaced by woman who thought it spoke to her
Police: Illegal weapons found in house of Palestinian diplomat who died after blast
Police: Johnson City pharmacist charged with attempted murder after injecting relative with medicine
Police: Lunch lady planned to shoot up school after cookie argument
Police: Man Breaks Into Chelsea H.S., Goes Wild With Fire Extinguisher
Police: Man Holes Up in San Jose Crawl Space
Police: Man assaulted at Tega Cay (SC) Taco Bell for failing to say ‘excuse me’ after belching
Police: Man shoots, kills 2 teens during beating Milwaukee
Police: Man steals brains to sell on eBay
Police: Man tried to pay tab with trillion dollar bill (SC)
Police: Man who attacked women pulled a sword on latest victim
Police: Man with snow rage puts gun to plow driver’s head
Police: Mark Andrew Beaten After Getting iPhone Stolen At MOA Starbucks
Police: Michigan escaped prisoner captured
Police: Mom Of Victim A ‘Strong Suspect’ In Lunenburg Racist Graffiti Incident
Police: Mother Assaulted Girl, 3, For Microwaving Cellphone
Police: Murders down 50 percent from January 2013
Police: Naked Man ‘On Some Kind Of Narcotics’ Was ‘Trying To Eat’ Teen’s Face Off
Police: No beer led to ceramic squirrel stabbing
Police: Santa Clara University Student Intentionally Run Over in Oregon
Police: Several Injured After Shooting In Columbia Mall (Howard County, MD)
Police: Shooting at middle school in New Mexico
Police: Son of Obama spiritual adviser committed suicide
Police: Stray Bullet From Celebratory NYE Gunfire Struck Man In His Head
Police: Taco Bell Customer in Fremont "Belligerent," Arrested After Fatal Motorcycle Accident
Police: Teacher brought marijuana-laced food to after-work potluck
Police: Teenage Girls Use Knife To Force Autistic Boy To Perform Sex Acts [Including Animals]
Police: Teens’ eight-hour crime spree in Charlotte left man dead
Police: Tulsa Homeowner Wounds Man After Daughter Cries For Help
Police: Use of BB, toy guns illegal
Police: Violent Home Invasion One of Worst Attacks in Madison (animals attack pregnant woman)
Police: Wayne Court shooting was act of self-defense
Police: Wendy’s employee drops pot in burger
Police: Westfield house was invaded before homicides
Police: Woman Fires Shot Over Wrong Burger Order
Police: Woman drove through church after 'God told her to'
Police: Woman slashed after texting feud
Police: ‘Knockout game’ type crimes hit Richmond streets
PoliceOne's 2013 Gun Policy & Law Enforcement Survey Results: Executive Summary
Policeman who became worldwide laughing stock after his attack on car.wins £430,000 payout.
Policies That Discourage Full-Time Work
Polio in Syria: An outbreak that threatens the Middle East
Polio worker kidnapped from Chamkani found dead ( Pakistan )
Polis Extends Colorado Cannabis Invite to Obama, Reid [to reinforce their emerging beliefs]
PolitiFact Commits Flip-Flop of the Year [Lie of the Year: If you like your...]
PolitiFact's Forked Tongue
Political Class and Crony Capitalism: Communism under a Different Name
Political Correctness Out of Control
Political Fight Is Brewing on Race-Based Preferences
Political Means Don't Achieve Moral Ends
Political Timidity & Clerical Cowardice
Political administration takes steps against Foreigner in North Waziristan
Political correctness shouldn't trump common sense [Transgendered rights nonsense]
Political foes take aim at McConnell for CPAC rifle moment
Political gridlock shouldn’t be solved with monarchy
Political marriage between Chris Christie and President Obama breaks up over Sandy aid rift
Political parties are losing ground as independent trend grows
Political rally in Longview features Neal McCoy performance (Cornyn rally with Karl Rove)
Politically Correct Bird-O-Matics (i.e., Wind Farms)
Politically Correct Season Carrols
Politically Incorrect Car Ads from Yesteryear
Politically correct is political ignorance
Politically incorrect Swiss vote to limit immigration: The EU Fumes and Contemplates Retaliation
Politically-based faculty discrimination, a test case
Politicians Should Stand Up for Taxpayers - Instead of sending their money to Hollywood
Politicians enjoy winter in South Florida – for raising money [Obama BACK to Florida]
Politicians throw science under the bus
Politicians trade punches during political debate in Turkey as 20,000 rally (VIDEO)
Politico Asks: 'Why Do Republicans Want Us To Work All The Time?'
Politico Buries Crucial Caveats in Happy Talk Obamacare 'Surge' Story
Politico Destroys White House Claim of Secret Obama-Sebelius Meetings
Politico Hack Who Ridiculed Palin in '08 Whines and Moans at Her Ukraine 'I Told You So' Moment
Politico Scandal Coverage: 50+ Todd Akin Stories; 4 Wendy Davis Stories
Politico Swallows NYT Farcical Reporting
Politico profiles Matt Bevin; McConnell adviser wonders why
Politico, 2/18/14: Savage dominates Hannity in key markets
Politico/WaPo Editors To Meet Over [Mike Allen's] Playbook Payola Scandal
Politico: Obamacare May Deliver 'Rude Shock' to Newly Insured
Politico: Reid's Favors to Family Dragging Him Down
Politico: Ted Cruz 'Crushed' Gridiron Speech, Even Impressed Democrats
Politico: Ted Cruz 'Crushed' Gridiron Speech, Even Impressed Democrats (great stuff!!)
Politico: While Obama vacationed, staff signed him up for OCare by visiting D.C. exchange in person
Politico’s puff profile on David Brock misses more than a few basic points (Hillary = birther)
Politics Are Biggest Factor in Views of Obamacare. Party ID most influential predictor of support
Politics and Minimum Wage
Politics matter even on the Senior dating scene
Politics of Hate and Envy
Politics: Congresswoman sleeps in a homeless shelter
Politics: Democrat Rep. Elijah Cummings loses his mind after Lois Lerner pleads the Fifth
Politics: New rap music parody is the worst piece of pro-ObamaCare propaganda yet
Politics: VIDEO: New Glock commercial sure to infuriate liberals everywhere
Politifact: On Second Thought, Obama's 'Keep Your Plan' Pledge is 2013's 'Lie of the Year'
Poll For Freeping - Do You Feel Obamacare Is Working?
Poll Indicates that Government Is Top Problem
Poll Needs a Freepin'
Poll On Ria Novosti (Landslide Vote For Crimean Accession To Russia
Poll Results: Just 11% of Black Youths Say Life Is Better For Them Under Obama…
Poll Shows Ernst Claiming Lead in U.S. Senate Primary (The Sarah Palin factor!)
Poll Shows Mississippi Senator McDaniel Tied with Cochran in U.S. Senate Race
Poll finds 10 percent regret Obama vote [16% say he'll be remembered as "great")
Poll finds Americans have little faith in government
Poll finds little faith in nation’s leaders
Poll gives Udall reason to worry (Colorado)
Poll on Drudgereport for GOP. Virtual tie with Ted Cruz and Rand Paul, Sarah Palin included.
Poll on Nonsensical Gun Ban at USA Today
Poll shows Alaska Democratic Sen. Mark Begich trailing for the first time
Poll shows Broun comfortably at front of GOP Senate field
Poll shows potential primary trouble for Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts
Poll shows swing voters hating everything Obama
Poll. Who is your choice for 2016?
Poll: 26 percent in U.S. do not know Earth goes around sun
Poll: 47% of Uninsureds Unfavorable to ObamaCare;
Poll: 62% of Americans believe abortion is morally wrong
Poll: 68% More Likely to Turn Out If Measure to Legalize Pot Is on Ballot
Poll: 70 percent have no confidence in government
Poll: 71% of Obama voters, 55% Democrats 'regret' voting for his re-election
Poll: 81% of DC Residents Approve of Obama's Job Performance
Poll: 87.5% of Israelis Don't Believe in Current Peace Talks
Poll: 99% Don't Care About Obama/Media Pet 2014 Issues
Poll: Americans have little faith in government
Poll: Americans hopeful for a better year in 2014
Poll: Americans rank Obama, Hillary Clinton most admired
Poll: Christie deficit against Clinton jumps to 21 points
Poll: Christie leads Clinton nationwide
Poll: Clinton has big edge in advance of 2016 elections
Poll: Clinton’s gender is her top 2016 selling point
Poll: Colorado Senate race a dead heat
Poll: Colorado looks shaky for Dems ahead of midterms
Poll: Conservatives don’t like McConnell, but they still say they’re going to vote for him
Poll: Cornyn crushing Stockman in Texas (Cornyn at 50%, but when compared to similar poll in 2011..)
Poll: Crist Leads Gov. Scott And Senator Nelson
Poll: D.C. Only U.S. "State" With Positive Economic Confidence
Poll: Democrats’ advantage on key issues is not translating to a midterm-election edge
Poll: Do you approve of the proposals President Obama presented in his State of the Union speech?
Poll: Do you have a more favorable view of the Affordable Care Act now that the website is working?
Poll: Do you think President Obama was wrong to shake hands with Cuba's Raul Castro?
Poll: Do you think the Affordable Care Act will lead to you cutting back on your work hours?
Poll: Elizabeth Warren is the ‘hottest’ candidate for 2016
Poll: Even in GOP, little appetite for military involvement in Ukraine
Poll: Focus On Jobs, Not Income Gap Or Immigration
Poll: GOP lead in generic ballot still growing despite ObamaCare website improvements
Poll: GOP's Greg Abbott Soars over Wendy Davis in TX Governor Race
Poll: Greg Abbott widening lead in Texas
Poll: Hagan Struggling Against GOPers in Senate Race
Poll: Hillary Clinton winning Catholics, Protestants, and 36% of evangelicals
Poll: Homosexuals are viewed more favorably than evangelical Christians
Poll: If you could abolish income inequality, or poverty, but not both, which one would you choose?
Poll: It's time for a National no carry law - THEN and NOW [Poll to Freep]
Poll: John McCain Now the ‘Most Unpopular Senator’ in the Nation
Poll: John McCain’s low job approval
Poll: John Wayne 7th Most Popular Star; Beats Clooney, Streep, Damon, Penn
Poll: Kay Hagan behind GOP opponents
Poll: Latinos souring on Obamacare
Poll: Less than half aware of March ObamaCare deadline
Poll: Lindsey Graham beats all Challengers in 2014 Senate Race
Poll: Majority Believe Obama's Policies Will Fail
Poll: Majority Believe Obama's White House is Incompetent
Poll: Majority Doesn't Trust Hillary's Benghazi Story
Poll: Majority Less Likely to Support Candidates Who Back Amnesty (the "dream" is dying!)
Poll: Majority want change in US-Cuba policy
Poll: McConnell, Tea Party Challenger Neck and Neck over Grimes
Poll: Michigan Senate race neck-and-neck
Poll: Millennials turning against ObamaCare
Poll: Millennials turning away from Obama
Poll: Milton Wolf Surges In Kansas
Poll: More Republican Hispanics in Texas than US
Poll: More Than Half Suspect Christie Lying About His Knowledge of Bridgegate
Poll: Most Americans Believe Deportation of Illegal Aliens ‘Not Aggressive Enough’
Poll: Most Arizonans back veto (SB 1062)
Poll: Most Believe Govt Corruption is Worse Under Obama
Poll: Most Palestinians believe Israel Poisoned Arafat
Poll: Most South Carolinians approve states' convention
Poll: New Koch attack ads not exactly selling in battleground states
Poll: Obama Hurting Sen. Udall in Colorado
Poll: Obama Rates Lower than Bush After Katrina
Poll: Obama health law fails to gain support
Poll: Obama's disapproval hits 53 percent
Poll: Obama’s disapproval rating hits a new high
Poll: Paul, Huckabee Lead GOP Hopefuls for 2016
Poll: People See Obama As Nice Guy, So-So Prez
Poll: Polar Vortex Dwarfs Christie Controversy in Public Interest
Poll: Post-Bridgegate, Christie’s job approval in New Jersey falls to… 59% !!
Poll: Record low for Obama in Iowa
Poll: Republican Challenger Leads Montana Senate Race by 13
Poll: Republican Land Leads Peters in Michigan Senate Race
Poll: Roberts numbers drop in Kansas
Poll: Sarah Palin tops list of women Americans want to run for president
Poll: Sarah Palin, Not Yet a Contender, Most Liked by GOP for 2016
Poll: Sasse gains ground in #NESen, Bruning seizes lead for #NEGov
Poll: Scott Brown 3 points behind Jeanne Shaheen in New Hampshire
Poll: Scott Walker approval hits 59 percent, leads Democratic opponent by 16 points
Poll: Scott Walker leads Democratic challenger
Poll: Sen. Lindsey Graham holds huge lead but falls short of 50%
Poll: Should Illegal Immigrants Have NJ Drivers’ Licenses?
Poll: Should NJ pass a bill allowing adopted people to obtain birth certificates?
Poll: Should Sheriff Joe Let Tent City Inmates Watch the Super Bowl?
Poll: Socialists to top EU elections, boost for far-right
Poll: Support for ObamaCare down sharply among white women
Poll: Tea Party's Chris McDaniel Neck-and-Neck with 36-Year Incumbent Thad Cochran
Poll: Ted Cruz 3rd 'most influential' world leader, behind pope, Obama
Poll: The least popular senator in America is…
Poll: Thumbs down on Vladimir Putin, Russia
Poll: Tom Cotton Leads Mark Pryor in Arkansas
Poll: Tom Cotton Takes Lead in Arkansas
Poll: Tom Cotton up 7 on Democratic Senator Mark Pryor in Arkansas
Poll: Two Thirds of Israelis Think Obama Will Let Iran Go Nuclear
Poll: Two-thirds of Israeli Jews don't trust Kerry on security
Poll: U.S. thinks Obama not respected abroad
Poll: Undecided 2014 Voters Overwhelmingly Disapprove of Obamacare
Poll: Unemployment now America's #1 problem (post porkulus?)
Poll: Uninsured rate drops as health law rolls out
Poll: Vladimir Putin is stronger than President Obama
Poll: Was Christie Involved in Closing the George Washington Bridge?
Poll: Wealthy, liberals unite to support increased immigration
Poll: Which Washington state gun control initiative do you support? (Freep This Poll)
Poll: Who has the most potential as the 2016 GOP Presidential candidate?
Poll: Will "Bridge-Gate" Hurt Christie's Chances in 2016?
Pollard and an American Jewish Renaissance
Pollard would not reject release in political deal
Pollard-for-prisoners deal said offered by US to save peace talks
Pollinating with Politics: If it’s time to plant the garden it must be Spring, right?
Polling Center: Cornyn and the Cruz Effect (Cornyn favorability #'s from Oct 2013)
Polls: Americans Repeatedly Say "No!" to U.S. Intervention in Ukraine
Polls: Republicans lead in 5 key Senate races
Pollster: Arizona's switch from red to blue state 'inevitable'
Polluted Minds: Greenies think nature is bad for itself
Pollution Rising, Chinese Fear for Soil and Food
Pollution from China Reaches U.S., According to New Study
Polygamist Family Speaks About Sex: 'We're Not Perverted or Twisted'
Polygamous family with five wives and 24 CHILDREN says their new reality show is as liberating as..
Polygamy And American Constitutional Law (Now the Left wants to cry "Halt!"?)
Polygamy and the Left
Pompeii-like volcanic ash kept dinosaur remains fresh
Pompous Pom Piers Morgan survives a lively over from Aussie pace legend Brett Lee in MCG nets
Pondering a Puzzling Liturgical Posture: Standing until all have received Communion
Pondering the Anti-Israel Double Standard
Pontiac GTO 50th Anniversary: Ghost of “The Goat” Still Haunts Detroit – and Stuttgart, Too
Ponzi schemer Rothstein: Wooing politicians, including Crist [and McCain], key to success of fraud
Poodle That Survived Mountain of Trash Gets a New Home
Poof: A Scandal Disappears. The press decides IRS’s targeting of conservatives not newsworthy.
Poof: Public says America's world leadership has tumbled to 40-year low (Video Reort)
Poop in Fort Pierce courthouse elevator gets woman in pile of trouble
Poor Bradfords Wise Sayings 2014 {15 drawings}
Poor Father Says He May Sell His Three Sons
Poor Paul's Almanac
Poor Ukraine: So Close to Putin, So Far From God
Poor Ukrainians Rally For Russia
Poor reporting by Boston Globe "Arrest made in connection with death of Fall River man"
Poorly educated and lied to, Blacks at UCLA call correcting their grammar and punctuation racist
Pop Quiz: Can You Name One U.S. Senator?
Pop-Culture Titans Bow to the Pope?
Pope Benedict Defends Francis on Markets and Ethics
Pope Benedict XV . . . Poor Preaching Responsible For Fall Back Into Paganism
Pope Benedict XVI on Peter
Pope Benedict a Year on: Quiet Life After Making History
Pope Benedict resigned early to avoid clash with World Cup
Pope Benedict ‘defrocked’ nearly 400 priests for child sex abuse in 2 years
Pope Cancels Tentative ‘Noah’ Meeting With Russell Crowe
Pope Epiphany Mass: Follow the light that leads to Christ
Pope Francis 'shocked' by gay adoption. Will Time take back its Person of the Year award?
Pope Francis AGAIN: “Who am I to judge?”
Pope Francis Allows Married Man to Join Priesthood for First Time in Nearly 100 Years
Pope Francis Calls on Faithful to Regain "Sense of the Sacred"
Pope Francis Condemns Racism And Declares That “All Religions Are True” At Historic Third Vatican...
Pope Francis Declares Divorcees Deserve Compassion, Too
Pope Francis Drops F-Bomb During Address in St. Peter’s Square [video]
Pope Francis Meets Life-Sized Chocolate Replica of Himself
Pope Francis Named “Person of the Year” by World’s Biggest Gay Magazine
Pope Francis Responds to Rush Limbaugh: “Marxist Ideology Is Wrong”
Pope Francis Speaks For the Revolution (Beyond bizzare)
Pope Francis Takes The Bus To Spiritual Retreat
Pope Francis Threatens Hell -- Hooray!
Pope Francis and Wrong Ideas
Pope Francis and the Witness of Divine Paradox
Pope Francis and the economists
Pope Francis announces names of new Cardinals
Pope Francis announces pilgrimage to Holy Land
Pope Francis at Mass: bishops, priests ordained to serve
Pope Francis calls abortion an ‘abominable crime’ in strongest remarks to date
Pope Francis calls for flexibility, patience as he opens talks on church teaching
Pope Francis calls for renewed commitment to Vatican II’s Constitution on the Sacred Liturgy
Pope Francis calls upon the nations of the world to welcome immigrants
Pope Francis celebrates mass with 4 homeless men on his 77th birthday
Pope Francis could support civil unions
Pope Francis does it again: Warns against 'little monster' priests
Pope Francis draws crowds 4 times larger than Benedict
Pope Francis encouraged Muslims to find hope in the Qur’an. 11 things to know and share.
Pope Francis faces church divided over doctrine, global poll of Catholics finds
Pope Francis in Corriere della Sera: "Matrimony is between a man and a woman."
Pope Francis is not considering homosexual civil unions
Pope Francis is the Catholic Church’s Obama – God help us
Pope Francis just concluded Vatican III and declared "all religions are true"! (spoof alert)
Pope Francis may visit China this summer, says China and the Vatican are 'close'
Pope Francis nominates (2) New York bishops
Pope Francis on Feb. 14: "Old Mass? Just a kind of fashion!"
Pope Francis on the Devil, modern education “horrors”, mother and father families
Pope Francis on the “Parable” of the Loaves and Fishes: 11 Things to Know and Share
Pope Francis raises abortion, religious liberty in candid meeting with Obama
Pope Francis says the internet is a 'gift from God
Pope Francis should be saving souls, not pocketbooks
Pope Francis surprises nuns in Spain with phone call
Pope Francis to Jews: “Shalom!”
Pope Francis tweet supports, prays for US pro-life march
Pope Francis writes letter to families
Pope Francis – married men could be ordained priests if world's bishops agree on it
Pope Francis' Christmas Homily
Pope Francis' Popularity not Bringing More into Catholic Church
Pope Francis, HEAL THYSELF -- Catholic Church already operates world's largest school system
Pope Francis, Obama discuss religious freedom, life issues
Pope Francis, The Choice (Time person of the year!)
Pope Francis, in Social-Media Message, Calls Internet a 'Gift From God'
Pope Francis, with retired Pope Benedict present, creates new cardinals
Pope Francis, without the politics (free-enterpriser comments)
Pope Francis: "Listen and follow Jesus" for Day of Prayer for Vocations
Pope Francis: "No One Is Saved on Their Own"
Pope Francis: "The strength of the Church does not reside in herself, but is instead ...
Pope Francis: A Friend To Muslims?
Pope Francis: Church could support civil unions
Pope Francis: Going to Mass should be a life-changing event
Pope Francis: Humility necessary for fruitfulness
Pope Francis: Our baptism gives us a new and glorious hope
Pope Francis: Satan exists in the 21st century and how we can fight him
Pope Francis: Silence Reveals the Mystery of God's Plan [Catholic Caucus]
Pope Francis: Urbi et Orbi Message
Pope Francis: accompany, don't condemn, those who have experience failure in marriage
Pope Francis: confession is not condemnation, but mercy
Pope Francis: the door of the Lord is always open [Daily Mass]
Pope Francis: the true priest and his relation to Christ
Pope Francis’ Consistent Pro-Life Leadership Makes Him Person of the Year Worthy
Pope Francis’ Protestant Meditation on Our Lady
Pope Francis’ doctrine chief: Bishops conference presidents are not ‘vice-popes’
Pope Francis’ historic mission to the Middle East
Pope Francis’s Marxist economic analysis reflects the Left’s long march through the Catholic Church
Pope Is No Judge of Character
Pope John Paul II's blood stolen from church in Italy
Pope Michael Doesn’t Know What All The Commotion Is About
Pope Names 19 New Cardinals, Focusing on the Poor
Pope Replaces Conservative U.S. Cardinal on Influential Vatican Committee
Pope Responds to Rush Limbaugh
Pope Rhetoric a Danger to Freedom
Pope Says Abortion Evidence of 'Throwaway Culture'
Pope Softening Tone, Not Stance, O’Malley Says
Pope Tells Notre Dame to 'Defend, Preserve, Advance’ Catholic Identity
Pope abolishes honorary title of monsignor for diocesan priests under the age of 65
Pope accepts resignation of German 'bling bishop'
Pope addresses Marxism accusations, women cardinals
Pope affirms that Mass is more than a mere 'representation'
Pope appoints Canon Law expert to Council for Economy (Catholic Caucus)
Pope approves miracle attributed to American nun
Pope assembles experts to tackle child sex abuse
Pope attacks mega-salaries and wealth gap in peace message
Pope calls for fresh Church approach to children of gay parents (Uh, no he didn't) (Catholic Caucus)
Pope calls for more collegiality, decentralization
Pope calls for prayer for nuns kidnapped in Syria
Pope celebrates Mass with Egyptian Patriarch
Pope drops F-bomb during Vatican blessing
Pope meets with Council of Cardinals, beginning busy week at Vatican
Pope meets with Queen Elizabeth. Sends gift to little Prince George
Pope opens big week with sex, divorce on agenda
Pope presses anti-AIDS chastity strategy in Africa
Pope replaces cardinal at head of Vatican financial authority
Pope reveals he took his late confessor's cross
Pope revolutionizes Vatican by opening finances to scrutiny
Pope says abortion evidence of 'throwaway culture'
Pope says he is not a "Marxist" and it is not time to start "clericalizing" women
Pope says its “absurd to love Christ without the Church, to listen to Christ but not the Church"
Pope says judgments on annulments must be impartial and pastoral
Pope shares Valentine's Day with 10,000 engaged couples
Pope shocked by same-sex adoptions legislation
Pope speaks of media’s sins, warns against clericalizing laity
Pope tells cardinals they are servants, not courtiers
Pope to Italian Steel Workers [Catholic Caucus]
Pope to Mafia: Stop the Violence or Go to Hell
Pope to Meet with Obama
Pope to celebrate Holy Thursday at Rome facility for disabled and the elderly
Pope to hold first official audience with the blind, deaf
Pope to stop condemning same-sex civil partnerships
Pope urges Italy to find houses for all families
Pope warns mobsters they risk going to hell [Will he say same to abortionists, etc.?]
Pope's Address to Members of the International Theological Commission
Pope's Angelus: “Jesus is the Epiphany”, the Lord does not proselytize but loves
Pope's Latin Tweets Surprise with Roaring Success
Pope's Mass: There are more martyrs today than in the times of Early Christians
Pope's Sharp Words Make a Wealthy Donor Hesitate
Pope, Italian leaders pay tribute to Nelson Mandela
Pope, in nod to conservatives, calls abortion "horrific" (in other news, the Pope is Catholic)
Pope, officials of Synod of Bishops discuss results of questionnaire on family
Pope-Emeritus Benedict XVI: Theories Surrounding Resignation are 'Absurd'
Pope: 'Authentic' Islam opposes violence
Pope: 'unjust' unemployment can mean sin, suicide
Pope: (sacrament of) confirmation gives us the strength to defend the faith
Pope: A Bishop doesn't own his diocese, just like a priest doesn't own his parish
Pope: America Should Be ‘Prepared to Accept Human Life From the Mother’s Womb to Old Age'
Pope: Be Christians like Jesus, who loves people, and not "legalistic", "hypocrites" or "corrupt"
Pope: Christian words not put into practice lead to vanity, self-assuredness, pride…
Pope: Christians and the temptation to "sell ourselves" to be "normal" and "like everyone else"
Pope: Church must not turn priests into 'little monsters'
Pope: Internet "is indispensable" for Church but at the same time "not enough."
Pope: Never fear the final judgment, because Christ will always be at our side (Weekly Audience)
Pope: OK to fight with God, hold him to his promise, remember his love
Pope: Professing the faith without good works is just spouting hot air
Pope: We must "test" our thoughts and desires to see if something comes from Christ or the anti...
Pope: When Church lacks prophecy the vacuum is filled by legalism and therefore clericalism
Pope: World Day of the Sick , "we are called to be conformed to Christ, the Good…
Pope: if we don’t "profess" the faith or trust in God, we become "defeated Christians"...
Pope’s box, with wood from Baltimore basilica, puts religious liberty in spotlight, rector says
Popular Communications: free download of November and December 2013 issues
Popular Disneyland Bluegrass Band To Play Last Fiddle At Theme Park
Popular Flood Insurance Law Is Target of Both Political Parties
Popular Piety: The Sacred Heart of Jesus
Popular anti-fracking study discredited by Colorado health department
Popular gun range wins county battle
Popularity of 'Don't Tread on Me' plates in Virginia suggests Tea Party still strong
Population and the Age of the Earth
Population declining in states with relatively high dependence on government
Populist blowhard Ed Schultz secretly flies on his own fleet of private jets
Porcupine doesn't like to share - Video
Porn pioneer Al Goldstein, who went from millionaire to homeless, dies at age 77
Porn production gets lucky in Las Vegas as industry moves ...following California condom law
Porn professor goes berserk on campus
Porn star teenage boy allowed back in school
Pornographer’s daughter speaks out on the abuse of early exposure to porn
Porsha Stewart believes anti-slavery effort Underground Railroad was a real train
Porsha Stewart reveals she thinks Underground Railroad was a real train
Port Authority rife with ugly politics
Portion control -- how the government plans to dictate what's on your dinner table in 2014
Portland Declines Nomination to Compete to Host 2016 Democratic National Convention (Oregon)
Portland Principal Says Peanut Butter & Jelly Sandwiches are Racist
Portland schools cancel speaker who calls homosexuality a 'mental illness'
Portland's Blacks Protest City’s Plans to Make Neighborhood More Desirable (Plantation Paradox)
Portuguese Soccer Great Eusebio Is Dead at 71
Possible Hate Crime Hoax in NY Daily News? (Black fashion student alleges Hasidic Jews beat him)
Possible Implications of Faulty US Technical Intelligence in the Damascus Nerve Agent Attack
Possible Theory on Flight 370 Location.
Possible Thursday tornado outbreak in southern plains
Possible shooting at Littleton CO. high school [Update: 2 shot, shooter dead]
Post Columnist's Newtown Remark Way Out Of Line
Post Office Latest Federal Agency to Ask for Ammunition
Post Office Recalls New Obama Commemorative Postage Stamps
Post a pic of Your Desktop
Post script? Parents, lawmakers fear cursive becoming lost art
Post-9/11 Vets Not In Labor Force More Than Doubles Under Obama
Post-Super Bowl Humor: A Long Islander’s view of the game!
Post-conviction America: Vanity Fair enshrines Snowden
Post-racial America?
Postal Service Cannot Balance Budget, Will Purchase Bullets
Postal Service Faces $100B in Debts and Unfunded Benefits
Postal Service, union wrangle over Staples outlets
Postal service employees use travel cards to gamble, pay bills and go bowling
Postconciliar Revolution And The Thirst For Change
Posting Negative Yelp Reviews Can Get You Sued
Postmortem (Venezuela)
Pot Becomes a National Industry
Pot Fuels Surge in Drugged Driving Deaths
Pot Goes Up In Smoke After Molotov Cocktail Is Thrown Into South LA Medical Marijuana Dispensary
Pot connection? Colorado schools deny spike in applications sparked by marijuana law
Pot grower’s ‘Beast Mode’ strain packs punch [SEAHAWKS]
Pot pavilion (Denver Fair)
Pot petition has enough signatures to make ballot
Pot stocks light up the market
Pot/Kettle: Ex-Obama Spox Says Christie Can't Claim He Didn't Know What Was Going On
Potassium Iodide and Potassium Iodate (Shortened)
Potential Espionage? Lockheed Martin Uses Chinese Manufacturers For U.S.-Built Stealth F-35 Jet
Potential FDA Move on Recycling Grain Could Spike Beer Prices
Pothead gets 25 years for trying to kill Obama
Potholes Ahead for the Class of '18
Poverty Bailouts
Poverty Still Plagues South Africa's Black Majority
Poverty in Italy hits record levels
Poverty nation: How America created a low-wage work swamp
Powder in Georgetown Room Tests Positive for Ricin; ‘No Immediate Threat,’ University Says
Powder push
Power Steering Recall Could Cost GM Over $1.5 Billion
Power Surge for Donors as Terrain Is Reshaped on Campaign Money
Power grid takes on the West Texas drilling boom
Power outages leave thousands in cold, dark [Don't Worry, America--Obama is in toasty Hawaii!]
Power play: Federal ruling forbids states from checking voters’ citizenship
Power struggle: Green energy versus a grid that's not ready
Power to the People's Devices (new USB Power Delivery spec)
Powerball estimated jackpot surges to $400M
Powerful Connor Ad Exposes Lindsey Graham's Love for Hillary (Vanity)
Powerful Islamist Org. Ramps Up War on Free Speech in West
Powerful winds rip off roof to church in Huntington, WV
Powering Down America
Powers Push to Get In on Last Days of Obama Land Rush
Powers of Ten - The Effect of Adding Another Zero
Powers: I’m getting tired of defending ObamaCare, too
Praise the Lord and Pass the Forceps
Pranksters convince drunk driver that he’s been in a coma for ten years
Pratt: 'Gun-Free Zones Are Murder Magnets'
Pravda: Viktor Yanukovych dies from heart attack, unconfirmed reports say
Pray For Our American Heroes and For Our Nation. (2/16/14)[Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (1/10/2014)
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (1/17/2014)
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (1/24/2014)
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (1/3/2014)
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (1/31/2014)
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (12/13/2013)
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (12/20/2013)
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (12/22/2013)
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (12/27/2013)
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (12/6/2013)
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (2/14/2014)
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (2/21/2014) [Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (2/28/2014) [Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (2/7/2014)
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (3/14/2014) [Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (3/16/14)[Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (3/21/2014) [Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (3/23/14)[Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (3/28/2014) [Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (3/7/2014) [Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (4/11/2014) [Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation (4/4/2014) [Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation(1/12/14)[Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation(1/19/14)[Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation(1/26/14)[Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation(1/5/14)[Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation(12/15/13)[Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation(12/8/13)[prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation(2/2/14)[Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation(2/23/14)[Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation(2/9/14)[Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation(3/2/14)[Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation(3/30/14)[Prayer]
Pray For Our American Heroes and Our Nation(3/9/14)[Prayer]
Pray For The Peace Of Jerusalem(2/11/14)[Prayer]
Pray For The Peace of Jerusalem(12/12/13)[Prayer]
Pray For The Peace of Jerusalem(2/15/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/1/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/10/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/11/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/12/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/13/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/14/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/15/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/2/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/22/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/24/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/25/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/28/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/29/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/30/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/31/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/4/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/5/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/6/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/7/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/8/14)[prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (1/9/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (12/14/13)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (12/15/13)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (12/4/13)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (12/5/13)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (12/6/13)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (12/8/13)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (12/9/13)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/1/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/10/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/13/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/2/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/20/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/21/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/22/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/25/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/26/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/27/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/28/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/3/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/4/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/5/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/6/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/7/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (2/8/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/1/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/10/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/11/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/15/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/16/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/18/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/2/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/21/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/23/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/24/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/26/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/27/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/28/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/30/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/31/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/4/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/6/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (3/9/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (4/11/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (4/3/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem (4/5/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(03/21/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(1/17/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(1/18/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(1/19/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(1/20/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(1/21/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(1/23/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(1/26/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(1/27/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(1/3/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(12/10/13)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(12/11/13)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(12/13/13)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(12/7/13)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(2/12/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(2/14/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(2/16/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(2/18/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(2/19/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(2/23/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(2/24/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(2/9/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(3/12/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(3/13/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(3/17/14)[Prayer)
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(3/19/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(3/22/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(3/25/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(3/29/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(3/3/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(3/5/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(3/7/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(4/1/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(4/10/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(4/12/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(4/2/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(4/4/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(4/8/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the Peace of Jerusalem(4/9/14)[Prayer]
Pray For the peace of Jerusalem(2/17/14)[Prayer]
Pray for Our American Heroes and Nation
Pray for our American Heroes
Pray for our American Heroes and Nation
Pray for our American Heroes, Athletes and Nation
Pray for our American Heroes, athletes and Nation
Pray for our American Heroes, our Olympians and our Nation
Pray your way through Lent (a weekly guide to the season of renewal)
Prayer Request
Prayer Request For a Child Named Noah
Prayer Request for My Son and His Pregnant Wife (Update at post #98)
Prayer Request...
Prayer Request: Fr. Ray Ryland (Steubenville OH) Near Death
Prayer Request: Please Pray for My Mom Having Knee Surgery Today
Prayer and Answers For Focal Seizures
Prayer for American Heroes and Nation
Prayer for Canonization - Archbishop Fulton J. Sheen
Prayer for Our American Heroes and Country
Prayer for Our American Heroes and Nation
Prayer for Our Military Heroes and Nation
Prayer for our American Heroes and Nation
Prayer request
Prayer request for my oldest brother
Prayer request for our unborn child
Prayer request vanity
Prayer request: Mom possible stroke, on her way to Hospital now
Prayer: Christmas Novena - December 16 - 24 (Daily Family Activity)
Prayers Requested for FReeper Past Your Eyes
Prayers and support needed from my fellow freepers.
Prayers for my Dad (vanity)
Prayers for my two sisters, please (heart surgery and mastectomy)
Praying to Saints
Preach the Word: Because Its Message Is Timeless and Truly Powerful
Preacher blames city's black violence on slavery
Preaching the Book God Wrote, Part 1
Preaching the Book God Wrote, Part 2
Preaching the Book God Wrote, Part 3
Preaching to the Choir
Predator Drone Used to Arrest American Ranch Family
Predator contacted girl, 14, ..... got her pregnant and bullied her into abortion
Predator drone helps convict North Dakota farmer in first case of its kind
Predestination: Should We Even Talk About It?
Predictably, USA Today's Coverage of Nagin's Conviction Omits His Dem Party ID
Prediction Time
Prediction; The Return of Televised Cigarette Commercials, but this time for Marijuana!
Predictions For 2014: Next Year Could Be Very Good For Sarah Palin, Republicans
Predictions for 2014
Predictions of Things to Come
Preet Bharara won't rule out ethics probe into Gov. Cuomo
Pregnancy Center Wins Another Battle Against New York’s Bid to Shut It Down
Pregnant Women Advised to Drink Bottled Water until Chemical Threat Passes (West Virginia)
Pregnant mom being kept on life support over husband’s objections due to Texas law
Pregnant teenager alleging gang-rape charged with adultery in Sudan
Pregnant woman among 3 shot on Dan Ryan ramp
Pregnant, brain dead Victoria B.C. woman kept alive until baby can be born
Pregnant, brain-dead Texas woman taken off life support
Pregnant, brain-dead woman's husband sues hospital
Prehistoric Boy May Be Native American 'Missing Link' (Aznick Boy)
Prehistoric Paint to Shield European Sun Probe from Solar Inferno
Prelate endorses State Marriage Defense Act
Premarital Sex 'Immoral', No Religion Permits It: Court
Premature newborn was pronounced dead: but then doctors gave him to his mother to hold
Premera dominates in new insurance exchange [WA]
Premillennialism in the Old Testament
Premiums rising faster than eight years before Obamacare COMBINED
Prep Work Continues On Second Ford-class Supercarrier
Prepare For When The New MyRA Becomes "TheirRA"
Prepare Now for When the New MyRA Becomes "TheirRA"
Prepare for drones that ‘perch’ on power lines to recharge, never have to land
Preparing For Civil Disobedience? London Mayor Wants Water Cannons In London By The Summer
Preparing for Economic Instability: Six Ways to Ready Yourself For the Inevitable
Preparing for Rough Midterms, Democratic Groups Already Blaming Each Other
Preparing for war: Putin puts 150,000 troops on standby
Preparing the soul for Lent: grace, trust, and joyous suffering
Prepper Primer for Your Non-prepper Loved Ones
Preppers' Twelve Days of Christmas
Prepping and the Mind
Pres. Obama and the Constitution
Pres. Obama headed to Milwaukee after State of Union address
Pres. Obama to ObamaCare comrades: “The work you’re doing is God’s work.” [BARF]
Pres. Of FMC Clarifies Some Points
Presbyterian Proverbs
Prescription drug abuse kills: action in 4 areas to lower abuse
Presenting The #1 Financial Haven For Dictators & Criminals (It's not what most think)
Preserving the Mary Rose
President & First Lady Scheduled To Visit Coral Reef High School (secret vacation)
President Admits Obamacare Will Block Access to Many Doctors
President Barack Obama Flubs Spelling of "Respect" During Aretha Franklin Women of Soul Tribute
President Barack Obama coming to Nashville
President Barack Obama meets Pope Francis...Pope KICKS HIM....
President Barack Obama shakes Raul Castro's hand at Mandela memorial service
President Barack Obama takes jab at Terri Lynn Land over equal pay
President Barack Obama's Hawaii vacation: Day 11
President Blasts Congress Recess from Some Hawaiian Golf Course
President Chris Christie? A Laughable Idea Even Before the Bridge Flap
President Clinton and President Obama Promised to Protect Disarmed Ukraine
President Complains Media Give too Much Credence to His Opponents
President Enrolls In Obamacare Exchange (Not really - read the fine print!)
President George W. Bush Fights to Take ‘Disorder’ Out of PTSD
President George W. Bush Presented with ADL’s Highest Honor
President Hails 41st Anniversary of Roe vs. Wade
President Laughingstock: Russian mockery has taken a bizarre turn. Hilarious, if it weren't so sad.
President Leaves Hawaii, Michelle Obama Stays On As 'Birthday Present'
President May Revoke Redskins Trademark
President Not-Present: Obama does not attend the meetings of his national security team
President Obama & Vice President Biden Show Us How They Move (President Doofus and Sideshow Joe)
President Obama 'Loves' 'Duck Dynasty' - Fox Nation
President Obama - America Will Not Be Able To Defend Israel
President Obama - No Reforms To Entitlements
President Obama Accuses Republicans Of Wanting To Segregate Homosexuals
President Obama Admits Failing On Immigration In 2013, Maintains Hope For Next Year
President Obama Calls President Putin
President Obama Can Find Change In The States
President Obama Challenges Darrell Issa And Congressional Oversight
President Obama Defends Wealth Redistribution
President Obama Delivers Remarks on Economy 11:15 AM C-Span
President Obama Didn't Go To Church For Christmas
President Obama Doesn’t Know How to Create Jobs, and a Minimum Wage Increase Won’t Help
President Obama Gets No R E S P E C T
President Obama Helps Michelle Avoid Wardrobe Malfunction
President Obama Imposes Sanctions on Individuals Over Ukraine Crisis
President Obama Issues An Official Threat To Climate Heretics
President Obama Lied About Benghazi
President Obama Plans to Visit Pope Francis in March (AF1 European Vacation)
President Obama Refuses To Negotiate On Debt Ceiling - Again!
President Obama Spending Valentine's Day Alone
President Obama Stops By Cafe Beauregard In New Britain [CT] For Lunch
President Obama Surveying Situation in the Crimea
President Obama Threatens Governors, Says They Will Hear From Him
President Obama To Issue An Executive Order
President Obama Will Ask Congress To Help Jordan Out With Major Loan
President Obama Will Sacrifice Bald Eagles To Fight Global Warming
President Obama acknowledges having lived with his uncle
President Obama commutes drug sentence of Deval Patrick’s first cousin
President Obama doesn't always need a proctologist, but when he does...
President Obama has already seen 'Game of Thrones' season four
President Obama is Addicted to Koch ft Harry Reid
President Obama is the Biggest Fraud Ever Perpetrated on US Citizens
President Obama makes legal immigration more fair and equitable [Attempted satire]
President Obama nominates the first ever female 4-star Navy admiral (Michelle Howard)
President Obama planning annual Hawaiian holiday
President Obama plans Feb. 14 visit to Fresno to discuss drought
President Obama records video message for Iranians to commemorate Nowruz
President Obama responds to North Korean invasion [Layers of satire]
President Obama said yesterday:The debate over repealing this law is over. ACA is here to stay
President Obama shows Vineyard fore-sight
President Obama spending a day at the beach with his family
President Obama to Democrats: 'Keep your powder dry'
President Obama to Speak at Central Conn. State Unversity
President Obama to initiate Alaska - Russia peace process [Attempted satire]
President Obama to introduce ‘Cosmos’ debut Sunday
President Obama to jet off this week for 17-day vacation in Hawaii over Christmas and New Year
President Obama to launch major new effort to help young minority men
President Obama turns attention to minority males
President Obama versus Hobby Lobby
President Obama warns youth: Sign up for Obamacare or we will charge you a penalty
President Obama watches "Duck Dynasty"
President Obama will issue an executive decree telling Iran what to do [Spoof]
President Obama will visit East Lansing this week
President Obama's DANGEROUS TRANSPACIFIC PARTNERSHIP TREATY to be FAST TRACKED & VOTED ON NEXT WEEK
President Obama's Final 4 revealed
President Obama's Full NSA Speech
President Obama's Half-Brother Discusses Their Relationship
President Obama's Legacy Of Economic Failure
President Obama's SOTO address shortened, unexpectedly [snark intended.]
President Obama's Singular Focus On Climate Change
President Obama's Top 10 Constitutional Violations Of 2013
President Obama's policies are a disaster in Iran
President Obama's proclamation for 'Religious Freedom Day' recognizes atheists and agnostics
President Obama, Stop D*mning The Achievers For Their Virtues
President Obama, While on Hawaii Vacation, Lambastes GOP Who ‘Went Home for the Holidays’ and . . .
President Obama: 'I Don't Want Them Punished With A Baby'
President Obama: 'In midterms, we get clobbered'
President Obama: 'You can keep your plan if you like it' PolitiFact Lie of the Year
President Obama: Extremist Radical in His Own Words
President Obama: Homosexual sex is a right and fundamental freedom
President Obama: I don't think marijuana is more dangerous than alcohol
President Obama: I'm the Law
President Obama: Mr Inequality
President Obama: Mr. Inequality
President Obama: Quenching America’s Sacred Fire
President Obama: ‘Long-term unemployed are not lazy’ (The only other explanation then, no jobs)
President Obama’s Block(head) of Cheese
President Obama’s Faithful Helpers
President Obama’s Most Amazing Accomplishment
President Obama’s empty boast on Syria (WashPost)
President Obama’s foreign policy is based on fantasy
President Obama’s foreign policy is based on fantasy (Washington Post Editorial...)
President Obama’s magic words and numbers
President Obie
President Orders End to Health Care Debate
President Pantywaist Capitulates Again in Ukraine
President Peres Warns Hamas over Escalation
President Pinocchio
President Putin mocks US sanctions, vows not to retaliate
President Putin's Fiction: 10 False Claims About Ukraine
President Richard Nixon, 2nd Article of Impeachment, Abuse of the IRS (sounds very familiar)
President Says Media “Unfairly Focused on Failure”
President Says O’Reilly Interview “Crossed the Line”
President Theodore Roosevelt on Immigration ( vanity )
President Urges Congressional Allies to Ignore Political Cost of Supporting His Agenda
President Wuss and the State of the Union
President and Moo Obama Announce New Crusade
President applauded for new and better lies
President defends his pants
President ends year at all-time CNN polling low (41% in poll of adults!)
President enjoys golf, followed by beach time with his family
President gets Obamacare blowback in online chat
President ignores ObamaCare horror stories as human, financial costs pile up
President of Nigerian Bishops' Conference once again honors his position
President tweets, sends get well wishes and golfs
President's Brother: As Young Man Obama 'Acted Too Black'
President's Concerns Over Income Inequality Should Start
President, First Lady Salute Troops, Vets, Families [This .gov propaganda on Google's NEWS FEED]
President: Choose Between Cable, Phone or Health Care
Presidential Golf Counter
Presidential Job Approval Center [Man Child at 39% Approval in Gallup]
Presidential Power Grab Leaves Critics Asking If WH Is "Lawless"
Presidential Powers and the Constitution
Presidential Rope-a-Dope
Presidential Sing-Along: Signing Not Required
Presidential candidate: Ukraine’s Kiev-appointed local authorities rely on hired gangs
Presidential trip will slow Miami traffic
President’s Brother Malik Obama Wears Kaffiyeh Declaring that Muslims Will Destroy Israel
President’s Day: University textbook claims Reagan was sexist...
President’s Obamacare photo becomes comical 'Obama Holding a Sign' meme
President’s celebration skips those asking the hard questions
President’s goal for NSA reform — no more Edward Snowdens
Press Coverage of UAW's VW-Chattanooga Loss 'Somehow' Overlooks One
Press Gets It Wrong Again on Mass Shooting
Press Pretends Seasonally Adjusted Figures Are What Happened, Economy Really Lost 2.87 Million Jobs
Press covering Michelle Obama shoved, screamed at, blocked from events in China
Press for a ‘Climate Scientist Who Got It Right’
Press to Obama: Thank You, Sir, May I Have Another?
Pressure Builds on Democratic Attorneys General to Quit Fighting Gay Marriage
Pressure mounts over Arizona bill opposed by gays
Pressure to have fantasy wedding threatening marriage, warns Rowan Williams
Pressuring the Wrong Country
Pretty cool video on a murmuration
Pretty much everything you need to know about Obamacare in a venn diagram
Preventable Husbandry Factors Co-occur in Most Dog Bite-Related Fatalities(title shortened)
Prez can’t be trusted on Iran - Wages war of words on sanctions proponents
Prezzy & vice-Prezzy Move! See BO. See Joe. See BO and Joe Run.
Prez’s foreign policy credibility taking a beating
Price of Ground Beef Climbs to Another Record High
Price of a stamp set to rise AGAIN as postal service struggles to recoup $3 billion loss
Price of stamps goes up this weekend
Priceless Quote from Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on long-term unemployment rate
Pride weekend attacker found guilty
Priebus Battles Gregory: At Least Christie Fires People, Obama ‘Doubles Down’ on Them
Priebus Slams Huckabee: ‘Don’t Offer Up Lobs’ to Dems for Criticism
Priebus Tweet Sparks Outrage: Sarah Palin Not Mentioned as Important Figure in Women’s History Month
Priest Changes Locks in Battle Against Parish House Eviction [Scotland]
Priest Who Survived Labor Camp Recalls Suffering as Gift
Priest conceived in rape: I forgave my father and heard his confession
Priest condemned by Vatican for gay ministry dies
Priest jailed for 'systematic' sexual abuse of boy
Priest pretends to concelebrate fake Mass with a woman, removed from ministry by CDF
Priests for Life wins (temporary) injunction against HHS mandate
Primaries Matter
Primary Challenger Airs First Ad Against ‘Liberal’ Boehner Ally (Idaho alert)
Primary Colors – Part 1 – “A Vote to Remember” (Dwayne Stovall Endorsement)
Primary Day Weather: Bad News for Cornyn (Vanity)
Primary Repairs for a Broken Primary System
Primary immune-mediated thrombocytopenia in cats
Primary race against Graham begins in earnest
Primary school asks parents not to get their kids Grand Theft Auto for Christmas
Prime Minister Harper Morphs into Statesman
Prime Minister Harper's Christmas message
Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra's Statement on charges over the Rice Pledging Scheme
Prince Alwaleed: I have $11 to $12 billion in ‘hidden treasures’ that aren’t publicly traded
Prince Charles Speaks Out for Persecuted Christians
Prince Charles Speaks Up for Persecuted Christians
Prince Charles calls climate-change deniers'headless chicken brigade'(Get ready for next king, UK)
Prince Charles: We Cannot Ignore the Plight of Christians in the Middle East
Prince Harry takes a desk job: Royal action man quits his job as an Apache helicopter pilot...
Prince William flies off to shoot wild boar... before launching a campaign to combat illegal hunting
Prince of Wales hits out at climate change deniers…labeling them the ‘headless chicken brigade’
Prince of Wales joins Saudi sword dancers in traditional dress
Prince, Tom Petty, Steve Winwood, Jeff Lynneand others perform "While My Guitar Gently Weeps"
Princes William, Harry sandbag against UK floods
Princess Madeleine to Deliver Baby in the US
Princeton University Orchestra Debuts ‘Ballad for Trayvon Martin’
Principal at NYC’s worst elementary on time for work — ‘a first in 7 years’
Principal who told kids not to speak Spanish will lose job
Principal: Mom sneaks into son’s school, instigates fist fight among students, punches teacher
Principle and Power
Prior problem behavior accounts for the racial gap in school suspensions
Priorities USA set to join 2016 fray with new leadership
Priorities: Man Runs Into Burning Home and Suffers Smoke Inhalation to Save ... His Xbox
Prison Overcrowding Threatens Public Safety and State Budgets
Prison ‘Lifers’ Being Released At Record Pace
Private American Rockets Blast Open 2014 & Commercial Space Race with Big Bangs on Jan. 6 & 7
Private Antares/Cygnus rocket Glistens and Go for Launch as Polar Vortex Sweeps in Brutal Bone Chill
Private Revelation: Two Stories and Two Basic Types (an atheist confronts a miracle)
Private alternative to Medicaid expansion faces crucial vote in Arkansas
Private pizza: Military meal that lasts three years almost ready
Private's delight... in first 'field promotion' for more than 60 years (British Army)
Private-Public Water Partnership, UN Agenda 21 (draught)Must read soon to your area
Pro Football History: The Ice Bowl
Pro-Abortion Blogger: Killing Puppies is “Horrific” But Killing Babies is “Heroic”
Pro-Abortion HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to Resign
Pro-Choice: Defending the Right NOT to be Gay
Pro-Government Forces Find a Haven at Syrian Town's Christian Monastery
Pro-Israel Students Called ‘Kike,’ ‘Dirty Jew’ at University of Michigan
Pro-Israel poster goes viral in the Arab world
Pro-Kremlin viral video portrays Ukraine invading Russia
Pro-Life Group Turning Abortion Clinic Where Kermit Gosnell Worked Into Food Pantry
Pro-Life High School Group Says Principal Banned Them From Using Life-Sized Fetus Models
Pro-Life Movement Grows Stronger
Pro-Life Movie "Gimme Shelter" Opens in Theatres Tomorrow
Pro-Life Sign-Destroying UC-Santa Barbara Prof Formally Indicted; Press Attention Is Minimal
Pro-Life Victory and "Render Unto Caesar"
Pro-Lifers Who Defended Church From Violent Pro-Abortion Mob are Heroes
Pro-Obama Turley: Obama's "Become The Very Danger The Constitution Was Designed To Avoid" (video)
Pro-Obamacare, GOP Establishment Forces Line Up Against Nebraska's Ben Sasse
Pro-Palestinian Activists Targeted Major Hollywood Actress Over Her Deal to Represent Israeli
Pro-Russia Protesters Storm Donetsk Offices
Pro-Russia Troops Install Minefields, Border Markers in Crimea;
Pro-Russia militants seize more ground in east Ukraine, risk of 'gas war' looms
Pro-Russian Separatism Rises In Crimea As Ukraine's Crisis Unfolds
Pro-Russian Ukrainian Jews Express Support For Military Incursion in Crimea
Pro-Russian demonstrators burn books, storm buildings in eastern Ukraine
Pro-Russian rally in Crimea decries Kiev ‘bandits’
Pro-Russians storm Ukrainian navy base in Crimea
Pro-SAFE Act Leader Arrested for Taking Loaded Gun to Elementary School
Pro-abort Girl Scout CEO receives award at Mass from Cardinal Dolan
Pro-abortion Spanish nun criticizes Spain’s new abortion restrictions
Pro-abortion blog says aborting disabled children is ‘doing God’s work
Pro-abortion lobby day in VA, Thurs., Feb 13 (BARF ALERT)
Pro-abortion “Comedian” Laura Levites says pro-life teen should be murdered
Pro-animal groups appeal to pope over dove attack
Pro-gun group endorses Republican Jason Conger in Oregon Senate race
Pro-gun journalist Emily Miller to leave Washington Times (VIDEO)
Pro-hetero or anti-gay?
Pro-life couple buys building with abortion clinic, kicks out clinic
Pro-life groups to protest Girl Scouts with #Cookiecott Tweetfest on Thursday
Pro-life lawmakers hopeful after 41 years of legal abortion
Pro-life leaders shocked by removal of Cardinal Burke from important Vatican post
Pro-life leaders urge caution, while Pope, Cardinal Dolan praise controversial Nelson Mandela
Pro-life measures move forward in Arizona, Florida, Missouri, and West Virginia
ProLifeBlogs.com is Top Website of 2013
Proactive v Reactive: A Comparison of MS and OK Open Carry Planning
Probable Cause
Probably the most spot on metaphor for voting liberal ever created
Probe Finds White House Wanted to Make Sequestration as ‘Painful as Possible’ for Rural Schools
Probe Uncovers More Reid 'Slush Fund' Payments to Granddaughter
Probe into mystery call to captain of doomed jet: (shortened title)
Probe launched into fireman handcuffed during call (Louisiana)
Probe: Did the CIA spy on the U.S. Senate?
Probing America: Top German Prosecutor Considers NSA Investigation
Problems With Income Inequality
Problems continue to plague Mass. health marketplace (Zero sign ups)
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences: Darker Arctic Contributing to Global Warming
Processed food NOT fat is the real cause of heart disease, claims heart surgeon
Producer Testifies He Believes Ryan O’Neal Stole Warhol Portrait Of Farrah Fawcett
Producer inflation accelerates in March
Producers Panic as Ethanol Mandate Loses Support
Product of the Year 2014: 3D Printers and Ham in a Can
Production of the F-16 will likely continue through 2020
Professor Describes al-Qaeda As Freedom Fighters
Professor Responds with Sarcasm to Left-Wing Boycott
Professor Wants Climate Change “Deniers” Thrown in Jail
Professor admits faking AIDS vaccine to get $19M in grants
Professor blames ‘southern white radicals’ for Obamacare debacle
Professor: Abortion Costs More Than Rent
Professoriate’s Self-Proclaimed Neutrality
Professors Look at Laughter in MIRTH Study
Professors Who Fail to Support Putin Line on Crimea Fired
Professors as Petty Tyrants: Education today doesn’t inspire confidence in the modern university.
Professors question enforceability of 3-D printer legislation
Profile: Ukraine's key protest figures
Profiles in Cowardice
Profitable Global Warming Enterprise and Man-Made Drought
Profiting From Contempt
Programs help immigrants understand kitchens in US
Progress Against Hepatitis C, a Sneaky Virus
Progress Texas Photoshops Paraplegic Attorney General to be Standing Up in Ad
Progress can evaporate without vigilance, Brown warns (CBC Congresswoman)
Progress in the War on Poverty
Progress on the Laffer Curve*
Progressive Insanity and the Global Warming Cult
Progressive Liberals and Censorship
Progressive Mike Huckabee Is Toast And The RINOs Are Full Of Crap (epic rant!)
Progressive Mission Creep In Your Diet
Progressive Racism: The Hidden Motive Driving Modern Politics
Progressive wing waves Elizabeth Warren banner
Progressives Deconstructed
Progressives Turn on Their Prodigies: Ezra Klein and Nate Silver fall from Liberal Grace
Progressives and The Second Amendment
Progressives charge FedEx, UPS with ‘ruining Christmas,’
Progressives in power looking for payback (Obama, Hillary, Cuomo, De Blasio, et al)
Progressives’ Rules Of Outrage
Progressivism Kills
Progs Absolutely Drooling in Anticipation of Threatened Obama Diktats...
Progs start to realize the disaster ahead, but still are in denial
Prohibition on Homosexuality Was Never Repealed By Christ
Project Veritas Unmasks Fresh Dem Voter Fraud in Texas
Project Veritas' O'Keefe: Gov. Cuomo Wants to Run Group Out of NY
Prominent Attorney Alan Dershowitz Says He’d ‘Like to Help Out’ Parents of Justina Pelletier in...
Prominent Dallas civil lawyer killed in shootout with police
Prominent Labour Pols Accused of Pedophilia Advocacy
Prominent Medicaid cost-savings claim takes a hit
Prominent Shia member of Yemeni reconciliation talks killed
Prominent figures attending Nelson Mandela’s memorial and funeral service
Promoting Plan B
Promoting the California Central Valley as a retirement destination in lieu of Florida.
Prompted by criminal charges, Little Canada man announces run for council
Proof That Demand for the Tesla Motors, Inc. Model S Is Healthier Than You Think
Proof that conservatives don't hate government (like libs say) and NOBODY trusts liberals to run it
Proof that the Plame case was a hoax
Propaganda and the Conspiracy Against Our Constitution
Propane Spot Price: Mt Belvieu Tx is $1.50; Midwest is $5
Propane Vs. Kerosene Backup Heating ?
Propane shortage becomes an emergency
Property Rights Bill Introduced After Va. Woman Threatened with Fines for Kids' Birthday Party
Property Rights Bill Provides Protection for Virginia Landowners
Prophecy Questions Futurists Cannot Really Answer
Prophecy: Key to the Future [Literal Latter days? Will Joseph Smith's Second Coming occur in 2014?]
Prophet Bob Jones Passes Away
Prophets, sex & archeology
Proposal to divide California into 6 states moves step closer to voter consideration
Proposal to restore cross to county seal stirs controversy
Proposal would ask fish houses to pitch in for immigrant bus
Proposal would bar California judges from Scout participation
Proposed Bill Would Allow Oklahomans To Carry Handguns Without License
Proposed Change in GOP Nomination Process May Be Smarter Than Some Politicians
Proposed Law Would Force Parents to Disclose Gun Ownership to School District
Proposed high-speed rail would link Texas and Mexico
Proposed medical marijuana rules force choice: Your pot or your gun (Illinois)
Prosecute Illegal Gun Owners
Prosecutor sacked for bringing case against Christie cronies reveals ordeal..
Prosecutor: No crime in highway patrolman's sexual encounter with pre-teen
Prosecutor: There Were Fast & Furious Guns at Scene of Brian Terry's Murder
Prosecutors Give MSM Anchor A Sweet Deal On Gun Charge; Throw The Book At Regular Guy For Similar
Prosecutors considering drug charges against police attorney [Jim Robinson]
Prosecutors seek death penalty for Boston Marathon bombing suspect
Prosecutors won't charge janitor, say he killed teens in self defense
Prosecutors: 2 charged with murdering man who 'disrespected' their gang
Prosecutors: Chicago Cop Shoved Elderly Gas Station Customer [Breaking 89-Year-Old Man's Hip]
Prospects for the new year in Vatican news
Prostituting Science
Protect Privacy or Accept Government Control
Protecting and Defending Texas – Vote Dwayne Stovall for U.S. Senate
Protest Planned Against Last-Minute Bloomberg Push for Mandatory Flu Vaccines
Protest march for Crimea to stay united with Ukraine
Protest targets DCF in case of slain child
Protest to Vatican over intent to declare Stepinac saint
Protestant Caucus
Protestant Caucus: Wretched - Beware of the false conversion
Protestants & Contraception
Protesters Greet UC President Janet Napolitano On Visit To Berkeley Campus
Protesters converge on Albuquerque streets over police shooting
Protesters enter the former president of Ukraine house, here's what they found...
Protesters in Kiev Topple Lenin Statue as Rallies Grow
Protesters in Ukraine and Venezuela Seek the Rule of Law
Protesters storm governors' offices in Ukraine
Protesters vow to annul Thai vote, step up rallies
Protesters, Police Clash in Kiev, 6 Deaths Confirmed
Protesting Obamacare 60's Style
Protests break out in Brazil
Protests in Venezuela May Shake Balance of Power
Protests rage in Venezuela, one month on
Proud Gray-Haired Geezer
Prout Principal Will Not Resign After Controversial Assembly
Prouty: I believe in a PR renaissance and the ‘smart money’ does too
Proverb 9, a Woman of Wisdom vs A Woman of Folly
Proverb A Day, Proverb (number here) [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 1 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 10 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 11 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 12 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 13 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 14 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 15 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 16 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 17 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 18 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 19 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 2 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 20 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 21 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 22 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 23 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 24 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 25 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 26 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 27 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 28 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 29 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 3 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 30 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 31 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 4 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 45 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 5 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 6 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 7 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 8 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverb A Day, Proverb 9 [Prayer and Meditation]
Proverbs Chapter 10, Where Solomon Originally Began His Proverbs
Providence Journal Has Difficulty Describing What State Senator 'Apologized' For
Proving Mental Stability. Gun Control and Obamacare
Proving grounds celebrates 60 years Anniversary draws praise from Army's top officials
Prudence: Mother of All Virtues
Psalms 1 and 2 A Year End Meditation
Psychiatrist courts controversy, says homosexuality is unnatural
Psychiatrist who treated Adam Lanza surrendered license and is now living in New Zealand.
Psychoanalysis, Islam, and Joseph Massad
Psychologist teaches mainstream Americans how to beat liberals at their own game
Psychologist: Colleges foster environments ‘actively hostile’ toward men
Public Opinion on Civil Rights 50 Years After the Civil Rights Act of 1964
Public School Students Suing Over Tenure
Public Schools Are Preparing America’s Children For Life In A Police State
Public Sector Cuts Part-Time Shifts to Bypass Insurance Law
Public Service Union Posts Names of Employees Who Opted Out of Union
Public advocate caught in homeless fib upon taking office
Public advocate caught in lie over Times homeless story (little girl was a prop)
Public lacks confidence in government, poll finds
Public sector slashes part-timers’ hours ahead of Obamacare mandates (Pelosi knew)
Public service announcement: get ready to starve in Venezuela
Public to pay for BR City Court judge’s 5-star trip to Morocco
Public university sex week at the University of Tennessee
Public workers caught running red lights 11,500 times
Public-Private Compensation Gaps Still With Us
Public-Sector Pensions are Eating Taxpayers Alive
Public’s Views on Human Evolution [We're winning hearts & minds. Evolutionists are losing.]
Pueblo Woman Attacked By Dogs After Getting Off Bus ( Pit Bulls : Colorado )
Puerto Rico approves measures to manage debt load
Puerto Rico creditors meet on growing fears of default
Puerto Rico judge's son convicted of murder
Puerto Rico: The Next Detroit? (Downgraded and out of options)
Puffing John Kerry
Pull the plug on naked Twitter teens
Pumps move to the Permian under market pressure
Punched In The Nose (SCF response to McConnell, Boehner attacks on Conservatives)
Punched in the Nose (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
Pundit in Awe of Obama
Punish Putin?
Punk Rocker Describes His Return to Catholicism
Punk Rockers Knock Christmas
Puny mouse threatens to delay Colorado flood recovery
Pupils as young as six act out drug and rape scenes from Grand Theft Auto
Pupils support teacher who shot student in leg (pellet gun, Wolverhampton UK)
Puppeteer John Henson, son of 'Muppets' creator Jim Henson, dies at 48
Puppy Bowl X
Puppy love: Dangerous dog is tamed after falling in love - with a goose
Puppy love: Soldier brings his furry friend home for the holidays
Purdue University removes ‘God’ from plaque
Pure Class: MSNBC Panel Mocks Romney Family Over Black Adopted Child
Pure Gold: Obama Slams Bush for Expanding Executive Power, Ignoring Congress
Purima, The making of a King's Bride
Purity or Strategy: The Debate We Need To Have: Would you rather put up with a RINO, or a Democrat?
Purple Heart for a yellow dog?
Purported Communication from Flight 370
Purrfessional Resumé
Pursuing Economic “Fairness” Without Understanding Economics
Push of a Button: This Is How Fast the Entire Banking System Can Be Locked Down
Push to restore veterans' benefits may lack support
Pushing Back Against PARCC/Achieve Inc. Lobbyists
Pushing back against PARCC/Achieve Inc. lobbyists
Pushing back on Russia, Biden vows more sanctions
Pushing polyamorous genetic-related babies
Pussy Riot Breaks Up: Group Splits from Arrested Members Maria and Nadezhda Over Ideological Issues
Pussy Riot Detained, Released, Then Chased in Sochi
Pussy Riot members attacked by Cossacks while staging protest in Sochi
Put America’s First Principle Back Into Practice
Put Christie under oath
Put Some Clothes On
Put a Title to This Political Cartoon
Put the Sex Back in Sex Ed
Putin Adviser Publishes Plan for Domination of Europe
Putin Adviser Urges Dumping US Bonds In Reaction to Sanctions
Putin Calls Obama, White House Says
Putin Carterizes Obama, Totally: The Democrats are vulnerable again on handling the world.
Putin Cites Historic Precedent for Crimea Vote
Putin Continues To Carring Up Russian Troops To The Border With Ukraine
Putin Crosses Obama's Pink Line (article)
Putin Declares War
Putin Digs Into the Main Course, Served Up by the Ignominious Failure in the WH
Putin Dismisses U.S. Proposal on Ukraine (decision led Mr. Kerry to put off a Russian invitation)
Putin Doesn't Threaten Our National Security, Obama Does
Putin Has Been Good For Russia
Putin Is Basking in an ‘Astonishing Leadership Vacuum’
Putin Knows Obama Walks Softly And Carries No Stick
Putin Named International Person of Year by Times
Putin On Ukraine: What He Said, What He Meant (Decoding Putin Alert)
Putin Orders Urgent Drill To Test Combat Readiness In Western Russia
Putin Paints Russia as Defender of Traditional Values, Blasts West
Putin Preaches Godliness to America
Putin Questions Need for Missile Defense Shield When Iran’s ‘Nuclear Program Is Going Away’
Putin Redraws Russian Borders; Obama Unveils Bracket Picks
Putin Rejects Socialism
Putin Rules the World While Children Run America
Putin Says Further Violations by Ukraine Will Compel Russia to Cut Off Gas
Putin Says Missile Defense Systems Threaten Strategic Balance
Putin Says Stalin No Worse Than 'Cunning' Oliver Cromwell
Putin Schools Obama Who Rages at Israel
Putin Sends Troops to Ukraine: Because in Russia All Our Former Peoples Are Belong To Us
Putin Signs Decree Recognizing Crimea As Independent And Sovereign State
Putin Slams Ukrainian Govt, Says Invasion 'Last Resort'
Putin Smashes Washington’s Cocoon
Putin Tests the Ski Slopes in Sochi
Putin Throws Down the Gauntlet and Obama Shrinks Away
Putin Wants Crimea's Oil and Gas Rights (Yep, It's all about the Oil)
Putin alleges Tea Partiers in Ukraine, wins over US media
Putin ally suggests U.S. sanctions on his bank have backfired
Putin bites at the west where his predecessors growled
Putin conducts 'Russia Marches On'
Putin cooks-up Obama’s chicken Kiev moment: Diplomacy's prez's preferred weapon...
Putin defends Russian conservative values
Putin did to Obama what Bush did to Putin
Putin dissolves state news agency, tightens grip on Russia media
Putin foe Khodorkovsky says Russia is lying about Ukraine
Putin for Nobel Prize?
Putin forces us to reconsider poor Neville Chamberlain
Putin gets permission to use Russian military in Ukraine
Putin headache: Kurultaj almost unanimously voted in favor of national self-determination
Putin intends to open account in US sanctioned Bank Rossiya
Putin invites Obama to consider international action to stabilize Ukraine
Putin is Using Obama's Talking Points: Extra-legal cynicism comes home to roost.
Putin is a Riot
Putin is asked by Yanukovych to use Russian Armed Forces in Ukraine - OFFICIAL RUSSIA AT UN
Putin looks to Asia as West threatens to isolate Russia
Putin maps the boundaries of greater Russia [From 2008]
Putin mocks the West and threatens to turn off gas supplies
Putin offers ombudsman as mediator to Ukraine
Putin orders military to boost Arctic presence
Putin points out to criminal actions of ultranationalists in Ukraine in conversation with Obama
Putin prepares for war: President in front row for shock and awe display of military might
Putin promises no discrimination at Games
Putin rebuffs Obama as Ukraine crisis escalates
Putin requests senators’ approval to send troops to Crimea
Putin says Sochi Games wrongfoot critics of Russia
Putin says U.S. guided by 'the rule of the gun' in foreign policy
Putin says no need for further Russian retaliation to U.S. sanctions
Putin set to invade Ukraine with Russian military forces until 'normalization' restored
Putin signs order to recognize Crimea as a sovereign independent state
Putin sparks fury amid claims Russia could build a second nuclear reactor in Iran in return for oil
Putin speech(full) on the Crimea vote
Putin submits Treaty on Crimea’s accession, new constitutional amendment to State Duma
Putin submits federal constitutional law on Crimea’s integration into Russia to State Duma
Putin submits proposals on denouncing some Russia-Ukraine agreements on Black Sea Fleet
Putin the Great vs. Obama the Weak
Putin the Humanitarian - He cares so much he wants all of Ukraine.
Putin to Obama: CrimeaRiver
Putin to Obama:Who's Your Daddy?
Putin to US: It's not nice to read other people's letters
Putin to address to Federal Assembly over Crimea’s accession to Russia on March 18
Putin to get salary through bank Rossiya that fell under US sanctions
Putin to make statement on Crimea’s, Sevastopol’s application for joining Russia
Putin toughens punishment for encouraging underage drinking
Putin uses Olympics cash to start Soviet-style fitness program
Putin vs Obama: The Contrast
Putin vs. Hitler; is there a parallel between Sudetenland and Crimea?
Putin vs. Obama: Pictorial Comparisons (Hilarious)
Putin vs. Pro-West Ukrainians (Revolt in Kiev Against Reabsorption by Russia, Lenin Statue Toppled)
Putin's Achilles' Heel [Europe and the U.S. have leverage against Russia, if they'll use it.]
Putin's Answer TO Obamacare: PutinCare (Humor)
Putin's Brave New Russia
Putin's Challenge to the West
Putin's Conservative State Capitalism
Putin's Electoral Support Grows – Poll
Putin's Hypocricy - In his own words
Putin's Kiss
Putin's Kiss on Netflix ... must watch
Putin's Mind, Not his Shoes
Putin's Orwellian theft of Crimea
Putin's Real Great Game: Energy Imperialism (Ukraine)
Putin's Russia caught in US and Chinese double-pincer
Putin's Slow and Steady Reconquista of Latin America
Putin's War in Crimea Could Soon Spread to Eastern Ukraine and nobody can stop him
Putin's Western Allies: Why Europe's Far Right Is on the Kremlin's Side
Putin's big lie against Ukraine
Putin's propaganda finds willing listeners
Putin's statement on Crimea's application to join Russia. Live (LIVE)
Putin's tiny army: Russian child soldiers trained in battle tactics, weapons and hand-to-hand combat
Putin's tough stance burnishes his image
Putin, Not Obama, is the Messiah
Putin, Obama discuss different aspects of situation in Ukraine
Putin: Gay people will be safe at Olympics if they ‘leave kids alone’
Putin: Gays Must ‘Leave Children In Peace’
Putin: Gays must 'leave children in peace'
Putin: I envy Obama, because he can 'spy' and get away with it
Putin: No Need to Use Military Force in Ukraine for Now
Putin: Russia Reserves Right for Force in Ukraine
Putin: Russia will not go to war with Ukraine, our relations are fraternal (VIDEO)
Putin: The Mask Comes Off, But Will Anybody Care?
Putin:Happy New Year to All You Decadent, Dictatorial Americans
Putin’s Approval Rating Rises to 80% – Poll
Putin’s Man in Crimea Is Ukraine’s Worst Nightmare
Putin’s Ukraine Gambit (Without Ukraine, there’s no Russian empire.)
Putin’s electoral rating getting closer to historical maximum again
Putin’s expensive victory
Putin’s global ambitions could destabilize Europe
Putin’s long game? Meet the Eurasian Union
Putin’s quiet Latin America play
Putin’s sanctions on Americans unite Democrats, GOP
Putting America back to work
Putting Obama on the 2014 Midterm Elections Ballot
Putting Social Security on Solid Footing: It will require a fundamental change to the system.
Putting a Price on D.C.'s Worst Commute (HOT Lanes)
Putting the Chill on Discipline: Institutionalized Racism
Putting the Texas Primary Results in Perspective and How Conservatism Emerged the Big Winner
Putting the middle class in an even deeper hole
Puttin’ on the Ritz; Wendy Davis Used Campaign Funds to Pay for Luxury Apartments, Records Show
Pvt. Manning seeks formal name change to Chelsea
PwC Sees More Shale-Driven Growth in Transportation & Logistics
Python strangles security guard
Q Poll: Obama PA Approval Lowest Ever
Q&A With the MEDC: Verifying Jobs Resulting From Special Government Favors
Q&A: After a hospital stay, can I buy insurance to cover my bills?
Q&A: Oil field leftovers don’t go to waste
Q&A: The world comes calling for U.S. experience
Q3 Real GDP Rises To 3.6% While Personal Consumption Expenditures Drop To 1.4%
QSSI to stay on as HealthCare.gov’s general contractor
QUESTIONS: Comet 209P/LINEAR
QUIT CLAIM DEED to the city of Detroit
Qaeda-linked fighters control parts of two Iraq cities
Qatar invests unprecedented $135 million in largest funding for Sudan archaeology project
Qin armor unearthed at Terracotta site
Quackback: Cracker Barrel Reinstates 'Duck Dynasty' Products
Quake - 6.5, Puerto Rico
Quake Rattles Southland
Quake s. CA
Qualcomm Is Working on Eight-Core 64-Bit System-on-Chip.
Quantum physics in 1-D: New experiment supports long-predicted 'Luttinger liquid' model
Queen Christmas Message Does Not Mention the Plight of Christians
Queen Latifah on marrying 33 couples at Grammys: ‘Call me Queen Commish’
Queen Latifah’s Grammy Mass Wedding
Queen Mary Set For ‘ScotsFestival’ In Long Beach
Queen Michelle and Countess Oprah on Fantasy Island
Queen down to her last million due to courtiers’ overspending, report finds (Elizabeth II)
Queen hands over the reigns to Prince Charles - historic step closer to a new king
Queen orders Kate Middleton to wear longer skirts
Queens man breaks leg in Harlem attack, claims to be victim of the 'knockout game'
Quest to Grow Human Organs Inside Pigs in Japan
Question
Question For Avid Movie Fans
Question for Radio/Television Engineers
Question of the Day: Would You Name Your Child After a Gun or Gunmaker?
Question of the Year: How are Lady M Obama and MOTUS exactly alike?
Question of the year: Is anyone really insured?
Question on Social Justice?
Question to Freeper Listeners of Talk Radio
Question to Obama: Will a Carbon Tax Stop the Next Big Freeze?
Question: Beef Sausage Patties
Question: Best way to get music from my home server to my stereo system?
Question: BitCoin transactions taxable?
Question: Thomas Sowell essay on equality and justice
Question: What happen to the Global Warming Alarmists that got stuck in the ice?
Question: Which beer companies are STILL PARTICIPATING in St. Patrick's Day?
Question;What Would Executive Branch Do If GOP Governors Rewrite Voting Laws "On Their Own"?
Question? Do you think freerepublic will go away.
Questioned for smoking
Questioning the Orthodox Solution on Divorce and Remarriage
Questions Upton Committee MUST Ask GM About Recall Delay
Questions and Answers on the Trinity [Catholic and Open]
Questions arise over Obama's pick for Justice post
Quick Review of Hobby Lobby Oral Argument (Kennedy and Breyer Leaning Favorably for Plaintiff?)
Quick quiz: who said these things?
Quiet campaigning for House GOP leadership underway
Quincy (Mass.) Considers Lifting Ban On Selling Food At Gas Stations
Quinn teams up with the Onion in insurance pitch to 'young invincibles'
Quinn tells lawmakers to make 'hard choice' on keeping tax hike (another broken promise)
Quinn, Rose fans flock to fundraiser (Update on Cancellation)
Quinn: A $10/hour minimum wage is a principle as old as the Bible
Quinnipiac 2016 National GOP Poll
Quinnipiac Poll VA: Virginia Blue For Warner, Clinton, Quinnipiac University Poll Finds;..
Quinnipiac poll puts Obama approval at 42/50, ObamaCare at 41/55
Quinnipiac: NYC Mayor de Blasio's Approval Ratings Plunge
Quiznos Moves Toward Bankruptcy Filing
Quiznos Preparing to File for Bankruptcy Protection
Quiznos files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection
Quiznos files for bankruptcy (tough week for fast food chains)
Quote of the Day: WCCO’s Pat Kessler on MNsure
Quotes of the day ("weed" control)
Quotes: Head Coach Bill O'Brien [Texans, NFL]
R.C. Sproul’s Commentary on John—Free eBook
R.I. Dem. responds to question about Second Amendment: 'Go f-k yourself’
R.I. state police take over House Speaker Fox’s office
R.I.P. Tim Wilson
RACHEL MADDOW IS CRAZY, TOO
RADIATION LEAK Forces Closure at New Mexico Waste Burial Site
RADIO LEGEND BOB GRANT DEAD
RAF BOMBERS SMASH BRUNSWICK, DROP 2,240 TONS IN 23 MINUTES; FRENCH IN 5TH ARMY TAKE TOWN (1/16/44)
RAF REOPENS BATTLE OF BERLIN; RED ARMY CAPTURES NOVGOROD, PINCHES OFF LENINGRAD CORRIDOR (1/21/44)
RAF RIPS AUGSBURG FACTORIES; 642 NAZI PLANES IS WEEK’S TOLL; RUSSIANS PUSH ON (2/27/44)
RAHN: Why do we still use paper money?
RAID FILMED: Ankeny Police ‘Traumatize’ Family
RAILROADS FUNCTION SMOOTHLY WITH OFFICIALS IN ARMY UNIFORM; RED ARMY SURGES WEST (12/29/43)
RAISE THE MINIMUM WAGE TO $14 AN HOUR USING THIS ONE WEIRD TRICK!
RAND PAUL ON TED CRUZ: "I'M NOT REAL EXCITED ABOUT HIM MISCHARACTERIZING MY VIEWS"
RAND PAUL: SECURE THE BORDER FIRST
RAND study: By our estimate, 3.9 million people signed up for ObamaCare, not 7.1 million
RAND: By our estimate, 3.9 million people signed up for OCare, not 7.1 million like the WH says
RAND: Only One-Third Of Obamacare Exchange Sign-Ups Were From The Previously Uninsured
RAW VIDEO: Truck Goes Over Bridge at I-694 and 35E (MN)
RC Sproul's Commentary on John. FREE ON KINDLE TODAY
REAL climate change comes from liberals (not global warming or some polar vortex)...
REALITY CHECK: BURKE’S STAR WILL SHINE ON
REALLY, CATHOLICS ARE COMPLAINING ABOUT THE POPE'S INTERVIEW?
REBEL AGAINST MICHELLE: Students Fed Up With Michelle O’s School Lunch Overhaul
RECORD AIR BLOW LEVELS CASSINO, THEN TANKS AND TROOPS SMASH IN (3/16/44)
RED ALERT: Romney To Gather Aides In Utah
RED ARMY CAPTURES KHERSON; MOSCOW RECOGNIZES BADOGLIO (3/14/44)
RED ARMY IS CLOSING ON VITEBSK; CANADIANS GAIN IN ORTONA FIGHT (12/26/43)
RED ARMY RECAPTURES ZHITOMIR, STANDS 95 MILES FROM DNIESTER; U.S. BOMBERS BLAST PARIS AREA (1/1/44)
RED ARMY SURROUNDS KIROVOGRAD; DRIVE INTO POLAND GAINS 14 MILES (1/8/44)
RED ARMY SWINGS BEHIND NARVA, GAINS ON 22-MILE LINE IN ESTONIA (3/2/44)
RED ARMY TAKES 2 PRIPET BASES; AIR FLEETS HIT REICH AND COAST (1/15/44)
REGAL R&R: Obamas live like royalty on lavish Hawaiian holiday
RELEASE THE STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE
RELEASE: Thad Cochran’s Real Record on Life and Guns
RELENTLESS WINTER CONTINUES: Storms Trigger Cabin Fever (Barf Alert)
REP. GOHMERT: Boehner Will Be Gone as Speaker by January
REP. JAMES LANKFORD INTRODUCES BILL FOR STATES TO OPT OUT OF OBAMACARE WITH 'HEALTH CARE COMPACT'
REPORT: Barack and Michelle 'Sleeping in Separate Bedrooms'- 'Smart $ has the Marriage Doomed'
REPORT: GOP CONSULTANT CLASS CONTINUES TO GET FABULOUSLY RICH
REPORT: KANSAS HOSPITAL LAYS OFF EMPLOYEES DUE TO OBAMACARE
REPORT: SARAH PALIN TO LAUNCH 'ROGUE TV' ONLINE VIDEO CHANNEL
REPORT: TOP BOEHNER ALLIES DEPARTING CONGRESS
REPORT: US DROPS TO 46TH IN PRESS FREEDOM
REPORT: Ukrainian Warship Defects To Russia
REPORT: Yale Professor Died Of Meth-Induced Heart Attack
REPUBLICAN CONGRESSMAN LABELS TEXAS AS 'DISCRIMINATORY'
REPUBLICAN TEATIME: The Tea Party isn't dead—and it's far bigger than just primary challengers.
REQUIRED VIEWING “BULLITT” THE GRANDDADDY OF CAR CHASE SCENES
REVEALED: George Soros Doubled His Bet That The Stock Market Is Going Down
RI STATE SENATOR TO GUN RIGHTS SUPPORTER: 'GO [edit] YOURSELF'
RI lawmakers back legalizing marijuana
RI looks to Russia for submarines with multi-role missile systems (Indonesia)
RI state senator tells Second-Amendment proponent to “go [edit]” himself
RI: Second Amendment Rights Reprieved
RI:Exeter recall election opponents far outspent gun-rights supporters
RICHLAND COUNTY, SC: Woman stabs man over wedding color scheme Christmas Day
RIGHT-WING MOBS? SAY IT ISN'T SO, CONSERVATIVES!
RINO Backs Democrat in Key Senate Race (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
RINO exposed: Sen. Cornyn Blasts ‘Porkulus’ Anniversary Despite Absence On Procedural Vote
RINO-Corporatist/Political Profiteer Karl Rove Escalating (Failed) War with TEA Party...
RIP John Dobson
RIP Remembered Freeper
RIP Russell Johnson (the professor on Gilligan's Island)
RIP Twisted Wrench - Memorial Services
RIP, Windows XP. Dell Inspiron 7000, Anyone?
RLC Endorses Col. Rob Maness for U.S. Senate in Louisiana
RNC Chairman Calls on Conservative Commentators to Boycott MSNBC over Race Tweet
RNC Chairman: 'Obamacare Designed to Screw Young People Over'
RNC Chairman: Obama ‘Taunting the GOP While Vladimir Putin Is Running Laps Around Him’
RNC Members Rally to Huckabee After Media Frenzy
RNC ads hit Democrats on Obamacare, add Virginia, NH to target list
RNC building list of voters who lost insurance due to Obamacare
RNC chair: ‘Of course’ I’m supporting McConnell
RNC chairman predicts ‘avalanche’ of damaging info on Hillary: ‘scandal surrounds her’
RNC chairman: Christie can still run for president
RNC chairman: Primary changes will rebuild GOP
RNC issue a statement honoring Kwanzaa
RNC starts negative ads in 40 media markets
RNC targeting Clinton ahead of 2016 (Priebus hires failed Romney campaign manager Matt Rhoades)
RNC: Harry Reid 'Rented' US Senate to Billionaire Environmentalist's Cause
RNC’s Priebus sees EBONY’s gaffe as teachable moment
ROBERTSON MADE ME FEEL UNSAFE IN MY OWN HOME
ROE V. HISTORY How the U.S. Supreme Court Falsified the Record of Legislation Protecting Life
ROME BEACHHEAD IS REINFORCED, ALLIED CHIEFS PREDICT VICTORY (2/13/44)
RONALD REAGAN: a Portrait in Courage
ROOSEVELT MOVES TO TAKE OVER THE RAILROADS AS 3 BROTHERHOODS REJECT MEDIATION BY HIM (12/24/43)
ROOSEVELT PRESENTS $99,769,000,000 WAR BUDGET; ASKS MORE REVENUE, PLANS RETURN TO PEACE (1/14/44)
ROOSEVELT, STALIN, CHURCHILL AGREE ON PLANS FOR WAR ON GERMANY IN TALKS AT TEHERAN (12/4/43)
ROSENBERG: 'The Chances Of A Recession In The Next Year Or Two Are Close To Zero'
ROUTE 66 Theme Song, by Nelson Riddle, a Jazzy Classic, Inspired by an American Car.
RPT-INSIGHT-Beheadings and spies help al Qaeda gain ground in Syria
RSC Fires Executive Director for Leaking 'Member-Level' Talks to Outside Groups
RSK-MiG 'working on lightweight fighter'
RT Anchor Quits On Air in Protest of Network’s Propaganda
RT LIVE NOW: Crimea Sniper Police Briefing
RT's YouTube channel 'suspended', tech glitch likely to blame
RTW States Growing Twice as Fast as Forced Unionization States
RULES FOR THE DESTRUCTION OF IMPORTED MEDICINE TO BE RELEASED SOON
RUSH: GOP Willing To Lose Some Elections In Order To Get Rid Of The Tea Party
RUSSIA CAPTURES US DRONE OVER CRIMEA
RUSSIA REJECTS POLISH PROPOSAL TO NEGOTIATE BOUNDARY DISPUTE (1/17/44)
RUSSIAN PSYCH-OP FAIL! ...very funny!
RUSSIAN SKS 1951 TULA
RUSSIAN SPY SHIP DOCKED IN HAVANA
RUSSIANS 10 MILES FROM RUMANIA; CASSINO GERMANS STILL HOLD OUT (3/18/44)
RUSSIANS 10 MILES INSIDE POLAND; FIFTH ARMY OPENS PUSH IN ITALY (1/7/44)
RUSSIANS 11 MILES PAST THE PRUT; RING 15 DIVISIONS; DRIVE FOR LWOW (4/4/44)
RUSSIANS AT THE PRUT, RUMANIAN BORDER; HOUR OF ACTION NEARING, SAYS CHURCHILL (3/27/44)
RUSSIANS BREACH LINE, ROUT 22 DIVISIONS; BIGGEST U.S. AIR ARMADA SMASHES REICH (12/31/43)
RUSSIANS CLOSING IN ON ODESSA; ALLIES SEIZE MOUNTAIN IN ITALY; JAPANESE LOSE 82 MORE PLANES (4/2/44)
RUSSIANS CROSS POLISH BORDER; U.S. PACIFIC FLIERS HIT 4 WARSHIPS (1/4/44)
RUSSIANS CUT LAST KEY RAIL LINE, FIGHT IN OUTSKIRTS OF CERNAUTI (3/30/44)
RUSSIANS DRIVE TOWARD KHERSON, CONTINUE OTHER UKRAINE GAINS (3/12/44)
RUSSIANS ENTER RUMANIA PROPER, DENY ANY TERRITORIAL AIMS THERE (4/3/44)
RUSSIANS GAIN ON 112-MILE FRONT, NEAR MAIN UKRAINE ESCAPE LINE (3/6/44)
RUSSIANS IN KIROVOGRAD, PUSH ON; NEARING RUMANIA, GAIN IN POLAND (1/9/44)
RUSSIANS PLUNGE AHEAD 14 MILES; NEAR POLAND, LATVIA, BUG RIVER (1/2/44)
RUSSIANS PUSH ON WEST OF KIEV FOR 3D DAY WITH GUERRILLA AID (12/14/43)
RUSSIANS REACH BUKOVINA BORDER; REICH CITIES AND LONDON BOMBED (3/25/44)
RUSSIANS REACH CZECH FRONTIER, ADVANCE 40 MILES INTO RUMANIA (4/9/44)
RUSSIANS REACH RUMANIAN LINE, WIPE OUT TEN GERMAN DIVISIONS (3/19/44)
RUSSIANS RECAPTURE CHERKASSY BUT LOSE A TOWN WEST OF KIEV; 8TH ARMY BEATS OFF TANK DRIVES (12/15/43)
RUSSIANS RIP INTO 50-MILE FRONT, GAIN UP TO 19 MILES BELOW NEVEL (12/20/43)
RUSSIANS SHUT A TRAP IN UKRAINE, REPORT 10,000 SLAIN, 4,000 SEIZED (3/15/44)
RUSSIANS SQUEEZE FOE IN TRAP; REPEL ATTACK AT POLISH BORDER; BIG AIR BLOW RIPS FRENCH COAST (1/5/44)
RUSSIANS SWEEP INTO BESSARABIA; NAZIS HIT BACK ON CASSINO’S RIM (3/20/44)
RUSSIANS SWEEP INTO BUKOVINA; U.S. PLANES RIP FRENCH AIRFIELDS (3/28/44)
RUSSIANS TRAP 10 DIVISIONS IN UKRAINE; MARINES WIN NAMUR; OUR DEAD UNDER 150 (2/4/44)
RUSSIANS TRAP 5 MORE DIVISIONS; FOE HITS BACK ON 2 LINES IN ITALY (2/7/44)
RUSSIANS TURN TIDE IN KIEV AREA; BATTLESHIPS USED AGAINST NAURU (12/13/43)
RUSSIANS WIN NIKOPOL, ORE TOWN, AND CLEAR LOWER DNIEPER’S BANK (2/9/44)
RUSSIANS WIN PORT OF NIKOLAYEV; U.S. FLIERS AGAIN BOMB AIRFIELDS (3/29/44)
RUSSIANS WIN PROSKUROV JUNCTION, SEEK TO CLOSE TRAP TO THE SOUTH (3/26/44)
RUSSIANS WIN UKRAINE RAIL HUB (1/6/44)
RYNO Motorcycles
Rabbi Lau: We’ll Act to Reverse Danish Slaughter Ban (Israel’s chief Ashkenazi rabbi)
Rabbis Issue United Call to Establish Synagogue on Temple Mount (Jerusalem)
Rabbis Tell MKs: Don't Enable Kerry Plan - Resign
Rabbis Threaten Kerry with ‘Divine Wrath’
Race For Governor Of Colorado Heating Up
Race Issue Is Hot Topic at Hearing on Missouri’s Plan for Failing School Districts
Race and the Priesthood [Lds Church attempts to explain its past racist prophets and policies]
Race for Obama library gets serious
Race played role in Detroit mob attack on Steven Utash, prosecutor says
Race to claim High Arctic's oil resources may be a fool's mission
Race, Priesthood and Infallibility [Lds tries to explain away past doctrine as mere 'theories']
Race-obsessed WashPost Sports Columnist: Winter Games 'Whiter Than Downton Abbey'
Rachael Ray To Joe Biden: 'You Have The Most Glowing, Perfect Skin Of Any Person I've Ever Seen'
Rachel Canning, 'Spoiled' New Jersey Teen, Goes Home to Parents
Rachel Maddow’s Fear: G.O.P. Equals J.O.B.
Rachel’s Show: Maddow is part of the new matriarchy running NBC News behind the scenes
Rachel’s Tomb Hit By 200 Terror Attacks in 2013 (Israel)
Racial Preferences Under Siege: Asian Americans are now agitating to retain Proposition 209
Racial mobs blamed for collapse of London night clubs
Racing champion Jeff Gordon "Test Drive 2"
Racing to Save the Stray Dogs of Sochi
Racism Not a Problem Anymore? Don't Be Ridiculous, It's Still a Big Issue
Racism at the root of Detroit's issues, Michigan Roundtable attendees say
Racism outlives Mandela in rural South Africa
Racism! Squirrel!
Racist Al Gore Tells World Economic Forum They Have To Find Ways To Keep Africa’s Population Down
Racist Elephants
Racist dorm door writing was hoax, Grand Valley State U police say
Racist, graphic graffiti shakes up Mount Airy (Philadelphia)
Rad! Alf & Kareem Abdul Jabbar Star in Delta's '80s-Themed Safety Video
Radar Data Suggests The Missing Malaysia Plane Was Flown Deliberately Toward India's Andaman Islands
Radar Hits of 'Significant Size' Registered in Indian Ocean: Flight Crew
Radar Shows Plane Deliberately Flew Toward Indian Ocean: Reports
Radar integration begins on Indian Navy Ship for LR-SAM tests
Radiation alerts hit U.S. cities
Radiation from Fukushima Will Be 10 Times Bigger than All of the Radiation from Nuclear Tests
Radiation leak forces closure at New Mexico waste burial site
Radical Cleric: It’s OK to Blow Yourself Up ‘For Allah’
Radical Episcopals Advance Gay Agenda In Africa
Radical Femen Leader Plans US Feminist Outpost
Radical Feminists’ War on Churches
Radical Left SYRIZA Surges in Greek Polls Thanks to Euro Nannycrats
Radical Obama Arms Negotiator Negotiates Away Nuclear Deterrent Vs. Russia
Radio Disney's pro-fracking elementary school tour sparks outrage
Radio Host Michael Savage Designated As American Spokesman for Vladimir Putin Fan Club
Radio Libs Tout Famed Author's Disdain for Conservatives as 'Stupid' -
Radio Replies Second Volume - British Israelism
Radio Replies Second Volume - Buchmanism or the "Oxford Group Movement"
Radio Replies Second Volume - Christadelphians
Radio Replies Second Volume - Christian Science
Radio Replies Second Volume - Conversion of Cardinal Newman
Radio Replies Second Volume - From Protestantism to Catholicism
Radio Replies Second Volume - Gibbon the Historian
Radio Replies Second Volume - Liberal Catholics
Radio Replies Second Volume - Salvation Army
Radio Replies Second Volume - Secession of Father Chiniquy
Radio Replies Second Volume - Spiritualism
Radio Replies Second Volume - The Peculiar Case of Lord Halifax
Radio Replies Second Volume - Why Gladstone Refrained
Radio Replies Second Volume - Witnesses of Jehovah
Radio Reports Another Shooting at Littleton, CO HS (Site of Columbine Shooting, Year After Newton)
Radio Shack sales tumble 20 pct; to close up to 1,100 stores
Radio Silence on Leland Yee
Radio Vatican: Unpredictable Pope Challenges Journalists
Radio host Mike Francesa stands by Daniel Murphy paternity leave comments after heavy criticism
RadioShack Closing 1,100 Stores as Troubles Grow
RadioShack To Close Up To 1,100 Stores; Same-Sales Drop 19 Pct
RadioShack to close about 500 stores: WSJ
Radioactive Package Found on Bay street Corner
Radioshack Celebrates One Year Anniversary Of Closing 500 Stores By Closing 500 More
Rafael scores pod mega-deal
Rafik Hariri murder trial begins at The Hague (four men being tried in absentia)
Rage Explosion: Left Hosts Twitter Hatefest for Deceased Republican…‘@#!$ Shirley Temple'
Rage as De Blasio keeps schools open in storm
Rahm Emanuel: Mayor America (Paid Advertising No Doubt)
Rahm Repeatedly Insults Chuck Todd: Something Wrong With 'Your Brain'
Raiderette sues team, saying Raiders didn’t pay cheerleaders minimum wage
Raiderettes (Pro football cheerleaders) suing franchise for wage theft, unfair employment practices
Raiders cheerleader sues, says pay is less than $5 an hour
Raiding Corporate Coffers....Again
Railroads confront crude safety
Railroads to offer health care to same-sex spouses
Rain Finally Back in the Forecast for California
Raining on the Nelson Mandela Parade
Raining on their parade: Fight over rights of gays to march openly on St. Patrick's Day dampens mood
Rainwater Harvesting: Reasons to Consider
Raise the minimum wage, we slow hiring: Businesses
Raised in a Christian Cult
Rally Race Rabbit
Rally for Cornyn (Sunday with Karl Rove)
Rally not your average campaign stop (Cornyn and Rove to campaign together on Sunday)
Ralph Nader: Obama the ’executioner’
Ralph Peters: "Putin Is Not Crazy Or Delusional..."
Ralph Waite, Patriarch of The Waltons, Dies at 85
Ralph Waite, Star of ‘The Waltons,’ Dies at 85
Rami Levy Supermarket Owner: ‘Settlements’ No Obstacle to Peace
Rampant Returns Plague E-Retailers
Ran Away
Ranch Riot!! Bundy Ranch Protesters Tasered by Federal Agents and Attacked by K9's.
Ranchers Fed up with Destruction Immigrants Leave Behind (South Texas Illegals)
Ranchers, farmers fear eco-terrorists after EPA releases private info
Rancho Cotate’s Kimberly Rowley is part of the team
Rancid Iranian Coot (80) Sets New World Record- Hasn't Touched a Bath in 60 Years!
Rand Paul Asks George P. Bush How to Reach Hispanic Voters
Rand Paul Bails on Bringing Change to Washington
Rand Paul Blasts Bill Clinton on Lewinsky
Rand Paul Calls Ted Cruz on Bashing Their Party
Rand Paul Has a Major Problem. His Name Is Ron Paul.
Rand Paul Is the 2016 Republican Frontrunner
Rand Paul Is the GOP's Early Presidential Front-Runner
Rand Paul Is the King of CPAC
Rand Paul RIPS Ted Cruz: Sometimes People Think They're The Next Ronald Reagan (video)
Rand Paul Suing President Obama
Rand Paul Touches the Stove
Rand Paul Versus Barack Obama
Rand Paul and Ted Cruz Currently Top-Two In CPAC Straw Poll
Rand Paul blames America- Partly To Blame For Pearl Harbor, World War II
Rand Paul builds 50-state network, courts mainstream support for presidential bid
Rand Paul calls on Ted Nugent to apologize for Obama jab
Rand Paul fights for felon voting rights
Rand Paul gets standing ovation at Berkeley:‘Your right to privacy is under assault’
Rand Paul in ’09: Cheney pushed Iraq war to benefit Halliburton
Rand Paul is not the guy for 2016 but Ted Cruz might be
Rand Paul on Bush: You can't invite the whole world to come
Rand Paul says Republicans cannot be ‘party of deportation’
Rand Paul says his son was accidentally enrolled in Medicaid
Rand Paul seeks Kentucky law to run for president, Senate at same time
Rand Paul slams Ted Cruz in op-ed (Hypocrite alert!)
Rand Paul to Berkeley: GOP is like bad Domino's Pizza
Rand Paul to GOP: Change your tune, or Texas goes Democratic
Rand Paul to Lead Class-Action Lawsuit Against Obama over NSA Spying
Rand Paul vs. Ted Cruz: Whose Foreign Policy Views Are More Like Ronald Reagan’s?
Rand Paul warns Texas could turn blue (Tepid audience response to Amnesty comments)
Rand Paul warns his former home state, Texas, could turn blue
Rand Paul warns of blue Texas: GOP needs people ‘with tattoos’
Rand Paul wins 2014 CPAC straw poll, Ted Cruz finishes a distant second
Rand Paul works to widen GOP's appeal to minorities
Rand Paul's Berkeley talk: A U.S. dystopia?
Rand Paul's Heading Deep Into Democratic Terrain: Wants to lure young and black voters to the GOP.
Rand Paul's Vision for a More Inclusive Republican Party
Rand Paul, George P. Bush talk Hispanic outreach
Rand Paul, Republican presidential hopeful, finds support in Berkeley, of all places
Rand Paul, Ron Paul, Ted Cruz and Ronald Reagan
Rand Paul, Warning About Spying, Faults Obama
Rand Paul, visiting Dallas, says he’s considering White House bid
Rand Paul: 'If There Was A War On Women, I Think They Won' (vanity)
Rand Paul: 'Overwhelm the Government' with Class-Action Suit Against Obama's NSA
Rand Paul: A Modern-Day Horatius in the Fight to Protect
Rand Paul: America Partly To Blame For Pearl Harbor, World War II
Rand Paul: Democrats should ‘disown’ Bill Clinton for being a ‘sexual predator’
Rand Paul: GOP Must Get the ‘Door Ajar’ for Minorities, Not be ‘Party of Deportation’
Rand Paul: GOP Must ‘Agree to Disagree’ on Social Issues in Order to Expand Party
Rand Paul: GOP must get ‘beyond deportation’
Rand Paul: GOP shouldn’t ‘tweak’ Russia over Ukraine
Rand Paul: I don’t think we should impose new Iran sanctions while negotiations are ongoing
Rand Paul: McConnell is no Arlen Specter
Rand Paul: My wife says 'no' to presidential bid
Rand Paul: Obama should explain to Pope Francis why he’s infringing on faith when they meet
Rand Paul: Republicans Need to Soften on Social Issues
Rand Paul: Republicans must agree to disagree on social issues in order to grow the party
Rand Paul: Texas will turn Democratic in 10 years if Republicans don't change
Rand Paul: The most intriguing man in today’s Republican Party
Rand Paul: We Need Guns In The Cockpit
Rand Paul: Without change, GOP will "not win again in my lifetime"
Rand Paul’s Bill Clinton-bashing is political. But he has a point (Paul's getting to them!)
Rand Paul’s Crimea Flip Flops Disqualify Him For the Presidency
Rand Paul’s Extreme GOP Makeover
Rand Paul’s Hostile Takeover of the Republican Party Is Getting More Hostile
Rand Paul’s tepid McConnell endorsement: ‘He asked me when there was nobody else in the race’
Rand and the Rons
Randolph-Macon professor to challenge Eric Cantor
Random Rants - March 2014
Random Thought - How to tell if it is a Religion or a Cult ~ Vanity
Random Thoughts: February 2014
Randy Alcorn: Our Tacit Acceptance of Illegal Immigration Only Invites More
Randy Moss: "I Could Still Put Up 15 Or 16 Touchdowns"
Range War in Nevada Heats Up
Rangel Is Expected to Seek 23rd Term in Congress
Rangel predicts 'rough' reelection fight ("it’s like shooting crap")
Ranger that called the fake soldier out gets arrested immediately after the confrontation
RangerUp ENLISTED Viewing Party/Drinking Game
Rangers fans turn memorial statue into garbage can on opening day
Rank and file to decide on ‘last’ Boeing offer, union leader says
Ranking the Top 5 Senators Vulnerable in 2014 Primaries
Rankings put Cornyn as more conservative than Stockman
Ransom's Predictions for 2014
Rap disrespect of black icons raises concerns
Rap lyrics help convict Columbia (SC) man of murder
Rap video calls for murder of Dutch MP Geert Wilders
Rape awareness should grow, Anne Arundel County exec tells young women
Rapid City man says female Hardee's boss made sex a condition of employment
Rapid changes in Ukraine: What they mean
Rapid prototyping lab, 3-D models help MU orthopaedic surgeons perform complex procedures
Rapidly Forming Oil Supports Flood Timeframe
Rapper Doe B. Among 2 Killed in Ala. Shooting
Rare Bilderberg Paper Trail Left Behind by Elite Rhodes Scholar
Rare Case of Female-to-Female HIV Transmission Reported
Rare Deep Space Light Distortions May Hold Clues to the Universe's Formation and the Big Bang
Rare Earthquake Rattles Florida Keys and Cuba
Rare Film From 1932 U.S.Military attacks demonstrating American War Veterans
Rare Iguanas Stuffed in Socks Seized at Heathrow Airport
Rare Redwood Faces Chopping Block in Cotati (Albino Redwood)
Rare chance to see The Pipes and Drums of The Black Watch play in heartland
Rare clay sarcophagus found in Israel alongside Seti I scarab seal ring
Rare color footage From World War 11
Rare footage From World War 11 (color)
Rare redwood faces chopping block in Cotati (Feds chopping it down)
Rashad Charjuan Owens Photos: Pictures of the SXSW DUI Suspect
Rasmussen Poll Shows Bevin Outperforming McConnell Against Democratic Challenger
Rasmussen Poll: NC Dem Hagan Trails Two GOP Rivals for Senate
Rasmussen: 62% Feel State of the Union 'Mostly Just for Show'
Rasmussen: America has 65 Million Reasons for Optimism
Rasmussen: Boy Scouts' Favorability Continues to Slide
Rasmussen: Cassidy Is Now Beating Landrieu (Louisiana Senate)
Rasmussen: Rating President Obama on The Issues (He's dropping hard)
Rat-Infested Ghost Ship Lyubov Orlova Barrels Toward Land
Rating the Airliner Story
Ratings Agency S&P Affirms Germany's Top Creditworthiness
Ratings may sink Ronan Farrow's show on MSNBC
Ratings: Season Finale of HBO's 'Girls' Flops
Rationed Food and Purposeful Starvation
Rats force closure of Occupy Frankfurt camp (old news but watch for more rats next elections)
Ratted out: Scientific journal bows to Monsanto over anti-GMO study
Raul Castro Reaches Out to Obama, But Don’t Call It a Thaw (handshake PLANNED, AFTER mo-s negot)
Ravaged corpse found at Sampson 'compound'
Ravenel: Lindsey Graham’s contempt for liberty can’t go unchallenged
Raw Milk Could Be Legal in Maryland… Again
Raw Milk Could Become Available Under Proposed Legislation
Raw: Interview With Cancer Patient Losing Insurance
Ray Comfort Releases Christian Noah Movie: Watch 'Noah and the Last Day' on YouTube for Free
Ray Hutchison, legislator and husband of Kay Bailey Hutchison, dead at 81
Ray Kurzweil: This is your future
Ray Nagin convicted, guilty of 20 charges
Ray Nagin former New Orleans mayor verdict has been reached in corruption trial (GUILTY!)
Raymond "Shrimp Boy" Chow Appears to be Posting to Facebook
Raymond Chandler's arresting new formula for crime fiction
Raytheon benefits from surge in US arms exports
Razing Arizona: Conservatives Succeed at Failing Again
Raúl Castro issues stern warning to entrepreneurs
Re branding Old Media
Re-Branding the GOP: From the party of big business to the party of the little guy
Re-Education Camp (Mark's reply to his own editor)
Re-Watching Woody Allen: The newly-chilling themes that you can see throughout his movies
Re-living History
Re-state of the Union
Re. Government 'Service'...
Reacting to sanctions, Russians ban Reid, Boehner and four other lawmakers (LOL!!!!!)
Reaction Inside DOJ to Debo Adegbile Defeat: ‘Sacred Mission’ Continues
Reaction to Obama Budget: Yawns, Spending Increases Won't Fly
Reactionary Humor-
Reactor blowout sidelines Orlando's waste-to-energy hopes
Read Parent's Facebook Response to 'Ridiculous' Common Core Math Homework
Read an excerpt from book Glenn Beck will be discussing with Google’s Eric Schmidt & Jared Cohen
Read it and blink: 70 percent of adults report 'digital eye strain'
Read the Complete List of Obamacare Delays
Reader Has the Solution to the Washington Redskins Name Dilemma
Readers weigh in on Cuomo's "extreme conservatives" comments (Your letters)
Reading the Obama Interview
Reading the pee leaves: Urine can say a lot about overall health, experts say
Readout of President Obama's Call with President Putin
Readout of President Obama’s Call with President Putin
Readout of the President’s Call with President Putin; Statement by the Press Secretary on Ukraine
Ready ... aim ... point ... talk - Gun at meeting reportedly rattles foreign delegates
Ready For Hillary? Yes and No.
Ready To Build The Keystone Pipeline? Not So Fast Says The White House
Ready for Hillary Makes Millions With Cool Parties, Cheap Tickets
Ready to Smirk: How Comcast bought the Democratic Party
Reagan Biographer Craig Shirley: GOP Resembles a Crime Family
Reagan Was Right on South Africa
Reagan Was Right, ACU Wrong: Atheism Is Enemy of America
Reagan and Obama: The difference between a hero and a zero
Reagan on Religious Tolerance
Reagan's Roadmap to Victory
Reagan's Warning To America
Reaganite's SUNDAY FUNNIES
Reaganite's SUNDAY FUNNIES...
Reaganomics Vs. Obamanomics: Two Wholly Different Outcomes
Real Americans Are Ready To Snap
Real Change In DC Requires Campaign Finance Reform
Real Charity
Real Education Reform: Deprogram Liberals
Real Life Example of Welfare Reform
Real Life Obamacare Small Business Example
Real Live Battlefield: Video Game ‘Map’ Mirrors Ukraine Tank Depot, Pits Russia vs. USA
Real Men Wear Meggings
Real Party of the Rich Guys: Top Dem donors have outspent top GOP donors by $486 mill in last 25 yrs
Real Prevention Measures for School Shootings
Real WW2 combat footage - Kamikaze Attack, USS Laffey (DD-724)
Real Women Vote Democrat, or Do They?
Real alphabet for English?
Real estate agents grapple with Illinois' new gun law
Real news from inside the Ukraine protests (Warning= graphic and real)
Real people with real problems refute Reid's claim ObamaCare 'horror stories' untrue
Real satisfaction: Rolling Stones choose Israel over BDS boycott
Real-World Preparedness: Learning from the Ukraine Crisis
Real-life Lassie: Border Collie leads rescuer to injured owner
Real-life grinch: Woman caught on camera stealing a Christmas tree
Realistic statue of man in underwear freaks out women's college
Reality Bites Gays
Reality Check
Reality Check: Michigan Public Schools Getting More Money For Fewer Students
Reality Is Crashing Down On GOP Leaders' Amnesty Plan
Reality Shows Uncomfortable With Reality
Reality Wages War on Womyn’s Wages–Republicans Don’t
Reality check: Cardinal Burke’s star will shine on
Realizing the lies of ObamaCare
Reason Magazine: Hey, Let’s Reduce Heroin Overdoses by Legalizing Heroin
Reasonable fears
Reasons for Conservative Optimism in 2014
Reason’s Remy: Working 1 to 5 Because of Obamacare
Reassure the Poles? Send Biden!
Rebel Conservatives Lead Way in G.O.P. Fund-Raising
Rebels Linked to al Qaeda Retreat in Syria
Rebooting 'Cosmos': Neil DeGrasse Tyson Explains Why Iconic TV Series Returns in 2014
Rebuilding America
Recalled Report Raises Question of Politicization of Intelligence (Obamacare SNAFU)
Recalled rice sickens 50 Houston area students (TX)
Recalling Euthanasia’s Legacy of Death
Recalling the Days When Democrats Cut Taxes
Recapping Yesterday's Victory Against Bigoted MSNBC
Receiving Louisville Tea Party Nod, Matt Bevin Says Mitch McConnell 'Afraid' to Debate
Recent medical advances and Down syndrome: Two perspectives
Recent order of Two Oerlikon Millennium 35mm naval guns could be for Ukrainian Corvette
Recently Home Soldier Disguises Himself As A Football Player To Surprise His Son On The Field
Recess appointments appear in jeopardy
Recipients Of State Benefits Complain About Delays (Up To an Hour on the Phone)
Reckless homicide charge filed after shooting death of Noblesville teen [Aubrey Peters]
Recommended Saturday Reading for Normal, Non-Weird Americans
Recommissioned NEOWISE Discovers Near-Earth Asteroid
Record 20% of Households on Food Stamps in 2013
Record Breaking Polar Air Will Invade Kentucky, Ohio and West Virginia
Record High in U.S. Say Big Government Greatest Threat
Record Number of People Attend SHOT Show, Pump $73 Million Into Vegas Economy
Record Profits for Warner Bros. Doesn't Stop State From Giving Company Huge Subsidy
Record Snow and Ice Grip U.S. But Still Global Warmers Persist!
Record U.S. Gun Production as Obama ‘Demonized’ on Issue
Record cold doesn't disprove global warming
Record number of Americans give up citizenship
Record number of couples committing financial infidelity
Record outdoor radiation level that ‘can kill in 20 min’ detected at Fukushima
Recording Traffic Stop Lands Davie Woman In Jail [S. FLA}
Recording youtube clips to DVD
Records Prove Muslim Brotherhood Delegates Skipped Airport Inspections
Records Show Christie Administration Canceled Meetings After Jersey City Mayor Didn't Endorse
Records: Man in theater shooting also was texting
Recount for 6th Senate District race set for Jan. 27(VA)
Recount for Virginia's attorney general election has been scheduled
Recount turns control of Va. Senate to Democrats
Recovering Our Musical Memory: Ten Mass Settings [Catholic Caucus]
Recreational Marijuana: Cause and effect in the Oilfield?
Red America, blue America and reality TV
Red Army masses on Ukraine border: 80,000 troops and missile launchers spark invasion fear
Red Eye Panel On White Santa: Andy Levy Says “Make Him Or Her Purple”
Red Eye Radio over night 1-5 AM
Red Eye's Frightened Correspondent
Red Lobster In Hot Water
Red McCombs bashes Texas hire [Charlie Strong]
Red Michigan? Gov. Snyder leads big (by 12)
Red herrings - A review of American Betrayal: The Secret Assault on Our Nation's Character by...
Red states see higher divorce rate, research shows
Red versus Blue States: A Divide Worth Having
Red, blue states move in opposite directions in era of single-party control [Will D.C. follow?]
Red-throated Diver bird kills off second phase of wind farm
RedState Follows TruthRevolt's Lead, Blocks Users of Firefox
Reddit bans comments from global warming skeptics
Reddit’s science forum banned climate deniers. Why don’t all newspapers do the same?
Redeemed in the End: 'Son of God' fails to do justice to Jesus’ significance. Read the Bible.
Redefining Christianity
Redefining Marriage: Proponents of same-sex marriage insist they’re “on the right side of history.”
Redford must expose Gore’s climate fears as nonsense in Friday’s meeting
Redneck Road Rage / Instant Karma [video]
Redskins Name Debate Reaches...United Nations
Redskins Quarterback Says He Would Try to Help Potential Gay Teammate Find Jesus
Redskins give Jay Gruden five-year deal to become head coach
Redskins owner Snyder to create foundation for Native Americans
Redskins owner makes name-change announcement
Redskins: National Poll Proves 'Very Few People' Want Name Change
Reduce Income Inequality; Shutdown Washington ...for 152 Days
Reductio ad Hillaryum
Reed: NY residents should comply with SAFE Act (GOP Congressman)
Reefer gladness: Mile High City’s pitch to the high-end weed smoker
Referendumb para San Diego to join Mejico?
Refiners rush to ship gasoil, diesel to freezing U.S.
Reflections in the midst of extreme poverty and filth... trip in India [Warning: Graphic]
Reflections on 2013; What's Important, What's Not? What's Ahead?
Reflections on America's fall, from CPAC 2014
Reflections on Pope Francis’ message for World Day of Peace
Reflections on the Mt. Vernon Assembly
Reform of Wasteful Gun "buy backs" a Trend: Mississippi Proposes Legislation
Reform of the Reform - Not Impossible
Reform of the annulment process should not mean dumping it, let alone abandoning Christ’s...
Reform or lose us as member, Britain’s finance minister tells EU
Reforming Federal Corporate Tax and Individual Income Tax: A Step in the Right Direction
Refrigerator Hack: 750, 000 Spam Emails Sent by Smart Gadgets
Refrigerator experience - quick blurb
Refusing a sobriety test during the holidays not an option
Refuting Robert Reich
Regarding "Ukraine" vs "the Ukraine"
Regardless of exercise, too much sedentary time is linked to major disability after 60
Regardless of what Dear Leader says, DON”T EAT THE PEAS!
Regardless of what the apparatchiks in the media report; unemployment and misery index are sky-high
Reggie Love on life after White House: ‘Like a drug to be out of there’
Regime Plans Another Obamacare Delay
Register to win a Beretta 92A1 and welcome Beretta to Tennessee
Regular Religious Services are Conducted in Only Half of Moscow's 958 Orthodox Churches
Regulation Nation: Gov't regs estimated to pound private sector with $1.8T in costs
Regulators Vote to Back Volcker Rule
Regulators hike restrictions for oil trains
Regulators release public portions of resolution plans for smaller banks
Reich: Working class down - but not for long
Reid Announces Departure Of Senate Sergeant At Arms Terry Gainer(Hmmm?)
Reid Announces Nearly $4 Million School Improvement Grant for Nevada
Reid Blasts Kochs Again: '2 Very Wealthy Individuals Who Intend to Buy Their Very Own Congress'
Reid Chief of Staff Was a Comcast VP
Reid Commemorates Cesar Chavez Day
Reid Denies Making Videotaped Claim that Obamacare Horror Stories Are 'Lies'
Reid On Need for ObamaCare Extension: People 'Not Educated' About Internet
Reid Reasor Statement (Cornyn opponent)
Reid Remarks On Ukraine Aid Bill And The Anniversary Of The Affordable Care Act
Reid Spokesman Explains Secrecy in Debt Limit Vote (Cornyn, McConnell asked for secrecy)
Reid Statement On March Employment Report
Reid Statement on House Efforts to Gut SNPLMA
Reid Statement on Nevada’s February Employment Report
Reid Wants 8 More Years as Senate Leader
Reid again attacks Koch brothers (& climate change deniers)
Reid again eyes Senate rulebook [How low can Reid go?]
Reid already making excuses for why his party will lose the Senate this year
Reid backs down in unemployment fight - will consider Republican amendments
Reid blames Ukraine standoff on Kochs
Reid calls on Senate Republicans to reject 'Tea Party overlords'
Reid hospitalized as 'precaution' after feeling ill Friday
Reid hospitalized for observation
Reid says GOP may have helped Russia annex Crimea
Reid says his granddaughter is being harassed [“negative attention on the internet”...]
Reid sets up votes on nominees
Reid the Elder Dismisses Gifts Controversy at Presser...(Now up to $31,000)
Reid to Reimburse Campaign $31K Paid to Kin for Gifts
Reid to refund campaign $16K for 'holiday gifts' [liquidate g-daughter's business inventory]
Reid to reimburse more campaign funds for gifts
Reid, Boxer, and other Dems who voted for Obamacare, have exempted their own staff from Obamacare
Reid, Fiorentino to honor LeBron, Giffords, Shapiro, Jones [Wasserman-Schultz Manipulation]
Reid, Schumer Encouraged by Boehner’s Immigration Push
Reid,Sandoval praise $5.5B clean energy investment
Reid: Boehner will 'cave in' on immigration
Reid: Boehner will cave in on immigration reform next year
Reid: GOP Senators Should Wear Koch Insignias
Reid: ObamaCare will help Dems hold the Senate majority in 2014
Reid: Obamacare Doesn’t Cost Jobs, It Turns Workers Into ‘Free Agents’
Reid: Obamacare Has ‘Dropped Way Down In Significance’
Reid: People who use the 1st Amendment to criticize our policies are “un-American,” or something
Reid: We Only Extended Obamacare Because People Don't Know How to Use the Internet
Reid: ‘Shameful’ that Senate cannot pass gun legislation
Reince Priebus Predicts 2014 ‘Tsunami Election’ for GOP
Reince Priebus: RNC homing in on Hillary Clinton for 2016 (Failed Romney Campaign Mgr in charge...)
Reince's Solutions Miss Mark (GOPe taken down to size)
Reindeer Herd Closes Norway Highway
Reindeer Herd Crossing the Frozen Mackenzie River (3,000 critters)
Reining In the IRS -- The House GOP unveils its plan.
Reining In the IRS: The House Plan takes dead aim at the IRS’s persistent abuse of its authority
Rejecting God Because of Hell Is Illogical
Rejoice! You have been liberated by the Red Army!
Rekha Basu: Iowa GOP setting the standard for intolerance (racist flowchart follies barf alert)
Relapse of 'cured' HIV patients spurs AIDS science on
Relating to Christ Through His Humanity
Relationships and Amnesia
Relax, everybody, the Democrats just mispoke
Released Terrorists Reveal No Regret, Fun in Jail PMW exposes released prisoners and their
Releasing Murderers for Peace
Relentless jail-cell farting leads to assault, racial slur
Relic hunters: Islamists in Syria earn their daily bread selling Christian trophies
Religion Means Nothing if You're Still a Jerk
Religion and Political Correctness
Religious Freedom At Stake In Hobby Lobby Case
Religious Group’s Training Event Teaches Clergy to Promote Abortion
Religious Liberty Is a Just Cause—Except When It's Used to Justify Intolerance
Religious Liberty versus Secular Tyranny
Religious Profiling at UNC
Religious Right in Arizona Cheers Bill Allowing Businesses to Refuse to Serve Gays
Religious Statues Vandalized At 2 Churches In Vineland
Religious fervor or NSFW overshare? Chris Matthews goes full Tingles on Obama
Religious liberty should be liberal value, too: Fight over gay-marriage pits equality vs. pluralism
Religious rights, gay rights, and professional sports in the legal spotlight
Religious tide turns against 'Noah'
Remains Of Missing Korean War Vet Return To LA After 63 Years
Remains of 55 bodies found near former Florida reform school
Remains of pilot MIA for 45 years laid to rest at Arlington
Remake of Abbott and Costello's "Who's On First" with Jimmy Fallon, Billy Crystal, Jerry Seinfeld...
Remarks by the NATO Secretary General, Anders Fogh Rasmussen
Remember 'human faces' of immigration, LA archbishop says
Remember Obama Mocking Romney Over Russia Concerns?
Remember Obama Saying People With Pre-Existing Conditions Shouldn't Pay More? Yeah, Well...
Remember Pastor Saeed as he marks his second Christmas imprisoned in Iran
Remember Pearl Harbor
Remember The Energy Crisis?
Remember When Obama Touted the Now-Recalled Chevy Cobalt?
Remember When People Thought Obama Just Wanted to Tax the Rich? Yeah...
Remember When Ronald Reagan Was in Congress?… Yeah, You’re Not Alone
Remember When the White House Was Just 'Vulgar and Abusive'?
Remember the 1970s, When Congress Actually Stood Up to the Intelligence Community?
Remember the Panama Canal?
Remember the Raisin
Remember when Nancy Pelosi promised ObamaCare would create 4 million jobs?
Remember when young people used to date? Whatever happened to that?
Remember when?
Remember, Man, You Are Stardust
Remembering "The Genesis Flood" - 50th anniversary remembrance
Remembering Elvis Presley on his 78th birthday
Remembering Four Heroes of the Holocaust
Remembering Harold Simmons
Remembering HillaryCare, Benghazi and "What Difference at This Point Does it Make?"
Remembering Holocaust survivor Leo Bretholz: See you soon again, dear friend
Remembering Joe Paterno’s 1983 Board of Trustees Speech
Remembering Lawrence Walsh...Call him impeccable—or despicable?
Remembering Mandela, without Rose-Colored Glasses - The South African reality differs from the...
Remembering Our Armed Forces during the Holidays
Remembering Roger Hilsman (The Last of the New Frontiersmen)
Remembering a great Irishman on St. Patrick's Day
Remembering the Early Church
Remembering the Phillips Curve
Remind me to keep myself and everyone I love far, far away from Old Spice body spray
Reminder - Maj. Gen. Vallely To Speak at Sutter Buttes Tea Party Meeting Tonight (Mon. 3/17/14)
Reminder: Don't kick snow into a cat's face
Reminder: Texas Primary is tomorrow 3/4/14! Anybody but Cornyn!!!
Remington Announces New R-51 Pistol
Remington Arms to open factory in Alabama; Cuomo aide says no jobs leaving NY
Remington Arms to open new facility in Huntsville
Remnants of Sailendra dynasty allegedly found
Remote camera catches mountain lion kittens feeding on deer [w/pix]
Remote sensing satellite lost in Chinese rocket failure
Rename the bridge in NJ to Benghazi Bridge and the media will quit covering it...
Renault Kwid concept has eye-in-the-sky traffic monitor (a mini-drone)
Renegade employee transports minor for abortion in Catholic children’s services vehicle
Renegade vice-president denies South Sudan coup after fighting claims 400 lives
Renewable Energy in Decline
Renewed Indian Demand Driving Gold Prices Higher?
Renovation of Basilica of the Nativity in Bethlehem Will Cost 20 Million [dollars]
Rep Bruce Braley [D-Iowa] Apologizes to Grassley for ‘Farmer’ Slight
Rep Ellison: 'Get Rid of Them Crazy Military-Style Assault Weapons'
Rep Keith Ellison on Obamacare-Related Job Losses: Americans Work Too Much Anyway
Rep. Alan Grayson loses $18M in stock scheme
Rep. Alan Grayson's wife files for divorce in Orange County
Rep. Alvin Holmes says white Republican lawmakers would abort mixed-race grandchildren (audio)
Rep. Bachmann: Gay Activists Are The Real Bullies
Rep. Barbara Lee rips Bill O’Reilly ‘code words’ (Ban "welfare queens,"& "food stamp president")
Rep. Cole: Boehner Not Planning to Delay Immigration Vote
Rep. Cory Gardner to challenge Colo. Sen. Mark Udall
Rep. Cummings: 'No Doubt' Ted Cruz Intends to Run for President
Rep. Darrell Issa's agenda in 2014: IRS, Benghazi and Fast and Furious
Rep. Elijah Cummings could go to prison for 5 years
Rep. Ellison: 'We Demand' Obama Raise Minimum Wage by Executive Order
Rep. Fattah's son sues the IRS
Rep. Gardner: Udall ObamaCare controversy raises concerns about abuse of power
Rep. Gohmert drops health coverage, blames Obamacare
Rep. Henry Waxman [liberal champion] to retire from Congress
Rep. Henry Waxman: The reason I’m leaving Congress
Rep. Hunter: If Necessary, Nuke Iran
Rep. Issa Reveals Emails Between Rep. Cummings' Staff and Targets of IRS Investigation
Rep. Jackson Lee: ‘We’ll Give President Obama a Number of Executive Orders
Rep. Jackson Lee: ‘We’ll Give President Obama a Number of Executive Orders’
Rep. James Lankford Introduces Bill for States to Opt Out of Obamacare with 'Health Care Compact'
Rep. Jim Bridenstine Warns Inflation Is Coming
Rep. Jim Jordan Will Push for Clinton to Testify Again on Benghazi
Rep. Jim McDermott, a Democrat, not surprised that Obamacare vulnerable to fraud
Rep. Jim McDermott: Democrats can run on Obamacare this year
Rep. Jim Moran won't seek reelection
Rep. John Conyers honors Farrakhan after denouncing his anti-Semitism
Rep. John Dingell (88) calls it quits (after 58 years)
Rep. Justin Amash slammed for abortion vote in GOP challenger's first $75K TV ad
Rep. Kathy Tyler testimony for abortions called into question
Rep. Keith Ellison on the CBO report: Hey, Americans work way more than people in other countries
Rep. Kinzinger criticizes talk radio's portrayal of immigration reform
Rep. Lee Terry Makes Awkward Joke at GM Hearing
Rep. Lipinski recognizes Catholic Schools Week with resolution
Rep. Louie Gohmert launches conservative PAC
Rep. Lowey Calls Paul Ryan 'Naughty Boy,' He Calls Her 'Mom'
Rep. McCarthy pulls Breitbart column (like anybody cares!)
Rep. Nancy Pelosi in Kona
Rep. Paul Broun Would Back Obama Impeachment
Rep. Peter King of New York Supported a Soviet Backed Terrorist Group
Rep. Peter King: Tone Deaf Meets Stupid
Rep. Petri (R-WI) Voted Twice in Favor of “Obama’s War on Coal”
Rep. Phil Gingrey to Sebelius: Prove You Met with President About Obamacare
Rep. Rakestraw Braddock's (Article V) Balanced Budget Bill Passes Georgia General Assembly
Rep. Rangel files appeal over House censure
Rep. Royce Seeks Administration Briefing on Russian Medicaid Fraud
Rep. Sam Farr: GOP continues to turn back on job-seekers
Rep. Scalise Calls for Obama to Fire Podesta 'Immediately' for 'Jonestown' Comparison
Rep. Sensenbrenner pushes bill to update Voting Rights Act (RINO)
Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee: Change the Word 'Welfare' to 'Transitional Living Fund'
Rep. Steve Stockman: Give my campaign $10, and you’ll get an Obama barf bag
Rep. Steve Stockman: ‘I’m considering filing Articles of Impeachment’ on Obama
Rep. Steve Stockman: ‘You must be conservative’ when the media can’t find you
Rep. Stockman to primary Sen. Cornyn
Rep. Stockman: Use 'Liberal Tears' to Lubricate Guns (liberals are freaking over this tweet!)
Rep. Stockman: ‘Radical left’ on the warpath
Rep. Ted Poe: 'Cold War II' Is Coming
Rep. Trey Gowdy Calls Nancy Pelosi 'Mind-Numbingly Stupid'
Rep. Trey Gowdy: How does Lois Lerner Still Have the Right to Remain Silent?
Rep. Trey Gowdy: New York Times Doing PR Work For Hillary, White House On Benghazi
Rep. Trey Radel to Return to Congress After Cocaine Bust
Reparations event slated March 6 in Compton
Reparations: A Moral Obligation
Repeal the Debt Ceiling
Repeating 1939: The Islamization of the West
Repentance: The Nouns
Replace Obamacare, Stat: We can’t wait for a new president.
Replace the Gas Tax — with Tolls: A more sensible, efficient way to make sure road users pay.
Replace the Speaker (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
Reply To Michael Eric Dyson: No, Loving Jesus Is Not Homoerotic
Report Finds More Flaws in Digitizing Patient Files
Report From Short Course on Cold Fusion at MIT
Report May Ease Way to Approval of Keystone Pipeline
Report Reveals Little New Info on Boston Bombing
Report calls L.A. a city in decline, warns of crisis in leadership
Report confirms government effort to alter coal job loss estimates(Obama fired company for refusing)
Report details 'industrial' killing of 11,000 in Assad jails
Report from NARAL Pro-Choice America Details State-by-State Status of Women’s Reproductive Rights
Report in Iran: Saudi Intelligence Head Met Mossad Chief
Report on Richie Incognito-Jonathan Martin saga: History of ‘persistent bullying, harassment..
Report says blacks, Latinos losing economic ground (welcome to the Obama economy!)
Report slams D.C. fire crew, dispatchers over botched response
Report: $4M ransom paid to al-Qaeda-linked group for release of 13 nuns
Report: $663,000 cost to save US family off Mexico coast (and could go higher)
Report: 'Fast and Furious' gun turns up at Mexico shootout scene
Report: 'Meet The Press' May Get Axed
Report: 'Noah' Fixated on 'Overpopulation and Environmental Degradation'
Report: 125,000 illegals in California qualified to be covered by Medicaid (Joe Wilson was right!)
Report: 125,000 immigrants given deferred action eligible for Medi-Cal
Report: 18 die as second bomb attack in 2 months strikes Russian city
Report: 20% of Obamacare 'Enrollees' to See Cancellation Notices Soon
Report: 20,000 Russian Troops Massed on Ukraine Border
Report: 40 House Republicans ready to vote against Boehner for Speaker next year?
Report: 40-50 House conservatives plotting to oust Boehner as Speaker
Report: 50,000-60,000 paper Obamacare applications still haven’t been processed
Report: 57% of Cigarettes Sold in New York Are Smuggled
Report: 70 Journalists Killed on the Job in 2013
Report: 95 percent of global warming models are wrong
Report: ATF Agents 'Lost Track of Dozens of Government Guns' by Misplacing Them
Report: Abortions Drop 32 Percent From All-Time High as Roe Turns 41
Report: As WH Pushes Deal, Iran Still Cheating on Nukes
Report: Asiana Crash Victim, Chinese Student Ye Meng Yuan, Run Over Twice (By Rescue Vehicles)
Report: Bay Area jobs surge creating 'superstar' economy of haves, have nots
Report: Bid to indict Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell delayed
Report: Black Teens Hit Hard in Economic Downturn
Report: California Craft Beer Boom Could Be Harmful to Wine Industry
Report: Chechen rebel leader Doku Umarov is dead
Report: Chinese ship hears pulse signal in south Indian Ocean
Report: Chris Christie calls Andrew Cuomo over traffic flap (Christie channels Tony Soprano)
Report: Chris Christie in Puerto Rico
Report: Clay Aiken Considering Run For Congress
Report: Condensate could be first crack in oil export ban
Report: Crime rate in Philadelphia goes up when Eagles lose
Report: Cyclist Killed On Mulholland ID’d As Former Napster Exec
Report: DC’s green-approved buildings using more energy
Report: Deadly drone strike in Yemen failed to comply with Obama’s rules to protect civilians
Report: Dems Request Millions to Kickstart 'Gun Violence Research' That's Already There
Report: Detroit is owed $82M for parking tickets
Report: Dish, DirecTV Discuss Possible Merger
Report: Doku Umarov, 'Russia's Bin Laden,' Dead
Report: EPA coal plant rule tainted by secretiveness, collusion with green groups
Report: EPA tested deadly pollutants on humans to push Obama admin’s agenda
Report: EPA’s Global Warming Agenda Will Cost The Economy $2.23 Trillion
Report: ESPN Rejects Catholic Hospital Ad Because 'Jesus,' 'God' 'Problematic'
Report: Eliot Spitzer Dating Bill De Blasio Spokeswoman Lis Smith
Report: Ezra Klein to Leave WaPo After Jeff Bezos Kills $10M Dream Project
Report: Farmers’ Almanac more accurate than government climate scientists
Report: Freeze Cost California Citrus About $441M
Report: GOP Plans to Have Fewer Debates, Better Moderators in 2016 Election
Report: GOP ‘Playing Hardball’ with Tea Party Candidates, Conservative Donors
Report: Garrett out if Cowboys don’t make playoffs
Report: General Mattis Forced Out of CENTCOM For Questioning Obama
Report: George Zimmerman original artwork going for nearly 100K on eBay
Report: Germany to sell Israel 2 destroyers for 1 billion euros
Report: Girl Falls Asleep Up To 30 Times A Day After Getting Flu Shot
Report: Government-backed solar power costs 161 percent more than coal power
Report: Greek Ship Sent to Investigate Possible Plane Wreckage in Straights of Malacca
Report: Gun show may be canceled over George Zimmerman appearance
Report: Hagel plans to reduce size of Army to pre-WWII levels
Report: Hamas Planned Church Bombings on Christmas (in Egypt)
Report: Hamas and the Palestinian Authority in talks to form unity government
Report: Healthcare.gov couldn't verify Barack Obama's identity
Report: Hezbollah Terrorists Roam the World on Foreign Passports
Report: Hillary Clinton tied to Terrorism
Report: House Dems Will Try To Force Amnesty Vote With Discharge Petition
Report: House GOP to back legal status in immigration principles (Cantor pimps Dream Act)
Report: IRS Harasses Sarah Palin’s Father
Report: Immigrants improve in fighting deportation. Illegals increasingly winning deportation cases
Report: In Recent Meeting, Putin Surprised Netanyahu With Expression of Support
Report: JPMorgan set to give Dimon pay hike despite legal woes
Report: Jason Collins to sign with Nets, become NBA’s first openly gay athlete
Report: Kerry Offers Pollard's Release to Israel
Report: Kerry is Behind European Boycotts
Report: Kim Jong-Un Killed Uncle by Feeding Him to Starving Dogs
Report: LAFD Models New Policies For Active Shooter Situations After Military Protocol
Report: Large Majority of 'New' Obamacare Enrollees Were Previously Insured
Report: Lawsuit alleges Rockets players harassed gay catering worker
Report: Los Angeles in 'Crisis' — 10 Steps to Fix it
Report: Major Political Parties Lose More Ground Among Calif. Voters
Report: Man falsified police report in alleged anti-gay attack
Report: Mark Udall’s son arrested
Report: Medical Marijuana May Soon Be Allowed In New York State
Report: Mexican Teen Stabbed Best Friend 65 Times for Posting Naked Selfies on Facebook
Report: Mike Shanahan leaning toward starting Kirk Cousins
Report: Miley Cyrus blew off Make-A-Wish kid
Report: Minimum wage hike backers rarely pay interns (for thee, not for me!)
Report: Multiple sex partners, broken homes lead to more abortions
Report: Mursi’s Wife outs Hillary Clinton Relationship
Report: NASCAR considering radical Chase changes
Report: NFL Explored Options to Relocate Super Bowl if AZ Gov. Didn't Veto 'Religious Freedom' Bill
Report: NSA intercepts computer deliveries to plant spyware
Report: NSA working on code-cracking supercomputer
Report: Nearly half of Americans live paycheck to paycheck
Report: Networks ignored Bashir outrage
Report: New York Investigators Obtain Fraudulent Ballots 97 Percent of Time
Report: New Yorkers Forced to Choose Between Groceries and Obamacare
Report: Obama Admin Released Tens of Thousands of Illegal Immigrant Criminals
Report: Obama Spent $770 Million in Taxpayer Funds to Rebuild and Renovate Mosques Overseas
Report: Obama To Attend Dem Fundraiser In Texas Same Day As Fort Hood Memorial
Report: Obama to Hand Over Christian Holy Sites to Palestinian Thugs
Report: Obamas, Bidens Spent $295,437 on Just One Vacation Weekend
Report: Only 5-10% of Obamacare 'Enrollees' Have Paid First Month's Premium
Report: Only half of new ObamaCare enrollees in 17 states have paid first month of premiums
Report: Pennsylvania Dem took bribe to oppose voter ID law, but never got charged
Report: Pentagon to Buy Fewer F-35s in 2015
Report: Phil Robertson to return to "Duck Dynasty"
Report: Poland Calls Up Army Reserves: “The World Stands On the Brink of Conflict”
Report: Power Plant Attack: “Most Significant Incident of Domestic Terrorism" (shortened)
Report: President to enroll in ObamaCare
Report: Prime Minister to Demand Pollard's Release
Report: Putin threatens to use Ukrainian women, children, as human shields
Report: Quarter Of GPS Devices Used To Track LA County Felons Don’t Work
Report: Record 87 Surgical Abortion Clinic Closures in 2013
Report: Russian Orthodox move to seize other churches in Crimea
Report: Sandra Fluke Mulls Run for Henry Waxman's Seat
Report: Satya Nadella to be named Microsoft CEO; Gates out, too
Report: Scientists predict a century of global cooling
Report: Senate Candidate From Texas Urges Border Residents To Shoot 'Wetbacks' On Sight
Report: Sheryl Sandberg Considering Senate Run
Report: Shooting at Fort Hood; Multiple Injuries
Report: Southern Invasion Of Arctic-Dwelling Snowy Owls Spreads To 25 States
Report: Spies use smartphone apps to track people
Report: Sriracha shipments to resume this month
Report: Star Benghazi Reporter Attkisson Exits CBS Due to 'Liberal Bias'
Report: Suspect in Glade Spring, VA murders had nearly 50 firearms
Report: Texas holds $140B in petroleum wealth, led by Houston
Report: Texas, Nebraska recognized for business expansion
Report: The social benefits of fossil fuels outweigh the costs 50 to 1
Report: Turkey cuts off a key Twitter workaround by blocking Google DNS
Report: U.S. Air Force general drank too much, fraternized with foreign women in Moscow
Report: U.S. Attorney to probe bridge scandal (Christie Scandal)
Report: U.S. Electric Grid ‘Inherently Vulnerable’ to Sabotage
Report: U.S. Rep. John Dingell considering retirement
Report: U.S. nuclear general drank too much, misbehaved in Russia
Report: US Abortion Rate Lowest Since 1973
Report: US Energy Secretary Favors Reducing Oil Shipped By Rail
Report: US Knew About Tsarnaev Brothers Long Before Bombing
Report: US official downplays 'Qaida plot to bomb embassy'
Report: Unions Funding GOP Super PAC That Targets Tea Party
Report: Up to 600,000 Christians Have Fled Homes in Syria
Report: Video shows Vance McAllister kissing staffer
Report: W.H. delayed Obamacare, EPA rules till after 2012 election
Report: Wendy Davis' life story more complicated than compelling narrative (CNN/Pravda reports)
Report: White House Expects Netanyahu to Condemn Yaalon Comments
Report: Woodbridge judge who voted improperly resigns from bench
Report: Yakima police officer didn’t realize gun was a toy until after fatal shooting
Reporter Gets Manhandled, Robbed, Chased-Off at Gunpoint by Russians on MAINLAND Ukriane (video)
Reporter detained by Capitol Hill police for trying to ask EPA chief a question
Reporter detained by Capitol Hill police for trying to ask EPA chief a question [Question unreveald]
Reporter to Carney: How Does Less People Working Due to Obamacare Not Hurt The Economy?
Reporter to Carney: Will Americans Sign Up for Obamacare Because ‘Barack Obreezy’ Says So
Reporter: WH Press Secretary Gets Questions from Reporters Before Press Briefing
Reporters threatened their careers would end if they raised this subject...
Reporting From Sochi - Day 7 [Saturday Olympic Humor]
Reports of Russian Activity in Crimea Prompts Stern Warning from Obama [Troops Enter Crimea!]
Reports of Sexual Assaults In Military On Rise
Reports of erroneous WA health exchange debits
Reports of explosions and fire outside Time Building in New York
Reports: Attorney General Eric Holder Hospitalized
Reports: Drone on island was flown by North Korea, South says
Reports: Eric Holder is Stepping Down
Reports: Senate’s Iranian sanctions bill approaching a veto-proof majority?
Reports: Wal-Mart To Lay Off 2300 Sam's Club Employees
Representative Paul Ryan at Iowa Republican Dinner
Representative Sinicki criticized for Facebook posts during Governor's speech
Republic of Crimea considered accepted into Russian Federation (Crimea Part Of Russia Alert)
Republican (RINO) Neel Kashkari announces run for California governor
Republican Author of Patriot Act Seeks Prosecution of Obama's Intelligence Director
Republican Congressman Labels Texas as 'Discriminatory' (Sensenbrenner)
Republican Considers Switch to Okla. Senate Special
Republican County chair arrested for beating up poll worker
Republican Cruz puts Clinton odds of White House win at 40 percent
Republican Dale Schultz won't seek re-election in Senate
Republican Del. Villanueva sponsors gay-rights bill
Republican Ideas on Immigration Could Legalize Up to 6.5 Million, Study Says
Republican Ideas on Immigration Could Legalize Up to 6.5 Million, Study Says [New Liberal Voters]
Republican Incensed by DOJ Stonewalling
Republican Jewish Coalition Blasts Kerry for Blaming Israel
Republican Jolly wins crucial Florida bellwether special election
Republican Liberty Caucus Endorses Matt Bevin in Kentucky US Senate Race
Republican Liberty Caucus endorses Milton Wolf for US Senate in Kansas
Republican Matt Bevin Receives Endorsement from Northern Kentucky Mayor
Republican Matt Bevin: Boehner Attack On Conservative Groups Showed 'Smugness and Arrogance'
Republican Party Launches Website to Keep Track of Mary Burke's Changing Resume
Republican Party Needs to Master the Message by Thomas Sowell
Republican Party: I Am Not A Slave
Republican Sen. Ted Cruz, congressional Democrats to commemorate Mandela in South Africa
Republican Sen. Thad Cochran under fire from Tea Party opponents for fundraising with lobbyist
Republican Senate Candidate Matt Bevin Outlines Key Differences With Mitch McConnell
Republican Senate Primary Tied in NC; Tillis' Numbers Drop (Tillis is the Establishment guy!)
Republican Senators who voted for and against the budget
Republican State Gives Free Houses to Moochers, Cuts Homelessness by 74 Percent
Republican Suzanne Miles wins House seat from Democrats in another 7th District squeaker
Republican Teatime: The Tea Party Isn't Dead—And It's Far Bigger Than Just Primary Challengers.
Republican UI Bill Not What It Seems(3.8 million long-term jobless workers)
Republican attacks mean Hillary Clinton is struggling to finish memoir
Republican campaign for (NC) U.S. Senate remains undefined
Republican candidates for governor highlight divisions within California GOP
Republican candidates shift their messages on Obama healthcare law
Republican candidates show opposition for incumbent (Cornyn, Stockman no-shows at forum)
Republican congressman promises House will stop Obama’s abuse of power
Republican draws fire for campaigning with Ted Nugent
Republican establishment bites back
Republican firing squad: Shooting conservatives, not defeating liberals
Republican leaders care more about loss of power than loss of liberty
Republican leadership negotiates away stop to IRS targeting of Tea Party
Republican leads in California Secretary of State race
Republican men need more sensitivity on women's issues, Boehner says
Republican pollster: Terri Lynn Land (R) / Gary Peters (D) 44/36 in Michigan Senate race.
Republican proposes hiring official watchdog for ObamaCare
Republican takeover of the U. S. Senate this November
Republican: Obama should be hanged
Republicans 'must act' on immigration reform, McCain says
Republicans Against Democrats
Republicans Are Overwhelmed By A Sea of Democratic Cash
Republicans Assembling List of Voters Who Lost Insurance due to ObamaCare
Republicans Begin Laying Ground Work to Walk Away From Obamacare Opposition
Republicans Can Take The Senate, If They Don’t Screw It Up
Republicans Craft Tax Hike for Harvard and Yale
Republicans Declare Harry Reid 'Unhinged,' After He Says They May Have Helped Russia Annex Crimea
Republicans Discover Evidence of Jobs Crisis
Republicans Eyeing a Michigan Comeback
Republicans Fear Obama Will Let Russia Seize Internet Power
Republicans Getting Spanked By Democrats In Ground Game Fight
Republicans Help Georgia Democratic Senate Candidate Michelle Nunn
Republicans Hold Statewide Convention in Bay Area
Republicans In Total Panic as Christie Falls 8 Points Behind Hillary Clinton (Are you worried?)
Republicans Make Mitch McConnell Lead, Right When He Least Wants To
Republicans Move Convention to June
Republicans Need a Champion in 2016 (Guess which two he suggests?)
Republicans Now Trying To Impeach Missouri Governor
Republicans Optimistic After Supreme Court Hobby Lobby Arguments
Republicans Poised For Major State-Level Gains in November
Republicans Quietly Talk About Skipping Next Budget
Republicans Really Could Win It All This Year
Republicans Revive War on Obamacare (Bury Obamacare!)
Republicans Say Hick’s Bipartisan Talk Isn’t Matched by Action ( Colorado )
Republicans Try to Beat Democrats at Their Own Game on the Problem of Economic Inequality
Republicans Will Totally Kick Butt On The Debt Ceiling
Republicans are realizing that Jeb Bush is their only option in 2016
Republicans deal with a tea party hangover (Irony so thick...)
Republicans debate mini-bailouts for hospitals
Republicans gain momentum in close fight for U.S. Senate
Republicans growing more skeptical about evolution (per Pew poll)
Republicans have a new favorite for 2016 (the Establishment does, we don't)
Republicans look to Texas in effort to appeal to Hispanic voters
Republicans moving to overhaul 2016 primary process
Republicans never can jump high enough on immigration amnesty
Republicans open investigations into ObamaCare’s disaster sites
Republicans plan 30-hour talkathon to protest 'nuclear option' use in Senate
Republicans plan push to curb governor's powers following Obamacare dispute
Republicans plan to tie Dem challenger Recchia to Mayor de Blasio in bid to keep S.I. seat(edit)
Republicans propose new bill to extend and reform federal jobless pay (Collins & Heller)
Republicans ready to move 2016 convention up two months
Republicans renew ObamaCare criticism after latest mandate delay
Republicans renew fight against ObamaCare as Sebelius resigns
Republicans see chance to seize Illinois governor's seat
Republicans see one remedy for Obama: impeachment
Republicans set to be Hookers for Chamber of Commerce money
Republicans should fire McConnell and Boehner
Republicans throw weight behind March for Life: RNC delays annual meeting so members can attend
Republicans to Officially Present Alternative to Obamacare
Republicans warn against 2016 strategy that goes overboard on attacking Clintons' political past
Republicans warn against 2016 strategy that goes overboard...(SecyState&Bengazi:fair game)
Republicans who voted for the debt ceiling increase
Republicans, Stop It Now!
Republicans: GOP leaders ‘deceived’ us
Republicans: Obama violating Constitution, but little can be done about it
Republicans: Officials Hid Flaws With Small-Business Health Site
Repubs Want Select Benghazi Committee Dems want investigation ended
Reputation Versus Regulation
Reputed Chicago Mobster Claims Abuse in NC Prison
Request NSA records about Benghazi.
Request for prayers
Requires persons in parental relation with a child of elementary school age to attend parent...
Rescue Efforts for Trapped Antarctic Voyage Disrupt Serious Science
Rescue Puppy Saves Family from Gas Leak
Rescue boat can't reach ship in Antarctica
Rescue for Antarctic ice-bound ship under threat (Chinese ice breaker may also be stuck)
Rescue of icebound Antarctic ship faces setback [ice too thick for icebreaker]
Rescued dog gets prosthetic leg from Orlando company
Rescued kitten + ferrets = An unlikely love story [w/pix, video]
Rescued sailboat family returns safely to California aboard Navy ship
Rescued! UAF firefighters save dog stuck on Fairbanks river ice
Research Claims Your Cat Thinks You’re Just Another (Big!) Cat
Research Report Predicts Automated Microstores to Grow to Over 35,000 Locations
Research team challenges the limits of famous quantum principle
Research: People Who Believe Hell Are Less Happy
Researchers Discover Natural 3D Counterpart to Graphene.
Researchers Find No Significant Health Benefits From Vitamin D Supplements
Researchers Say Neanderthals Were Attentive, Loving Parents
Researchers aim to revolutionize 3D printing, global manufacturing
Researchers find marinading meat in beer before grilling can reduce cancer-causing chemicals
Researchers find men use anger as manipulation tool with other men (article)
Researchers find source of new lineage of immune cells
Researchers scour Internet for evidence of time travel
Researchers suggest Vikings used crystals with sun compass to steer at night
Researchers: Natural gas vehicles will see rapid rise globally through 2023
Resenting the Rich: Is All Inequality Created Equal?
Reset: U.S. Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul Announces Resignation
Resident brandishes shotgun, scares off home invaders
Residents brace for winter storm expected to wallop Northeast (Live Thread, weather reports
Residents of South Korean Border Town Taken To Shelter
Residents question checkpoint in Brownsville
Resisting Immigration Reform [identity politics]
Resisting undue corporate, political and other special interests.
Resolution to Hold Lois Lerner in Contempt of Congress (C-Span Live Feed)
Respect the office of President? Why?
Respected Leaders Present Info Linking Muslim Brotherhood to American Conservative Union
Respecting Juries
Response to Archdiocese Defense of Common Core
Response to Senator Cruz on the debt limit
Response to the SOTU address: Efforts to cap CO2 emissions are adverse to human health and welfare
Response to ‘On Eagle’s Wings’ Over the Years Humbling for Composer
Responsible gun owners should welcome sensible gun laws
Rest In Peace, Nelson Mandela, But You Left South Africa A Hellhole
Rest in peace, Mario Palmaro
Restaurant Carry (with permit) Coming to South Carolina
Restaurant Owner With Down Syndrome Captures The American Dream
Restaurant Workers Rescue Dog From Dumpster in Lancaster
Restaurant employee shoots armed would-be robbers
Restaurant owner sells business to pay brain tumour surgery bill for his teenage waitress
Restaurant's healthcare surcharge draws strong responses (3% healthcare fee)
Restaurants Would Have to Handle Customers with Food Allergies Under Md. Proposal
Reston Man Pleads Guilt on Felony Trade Charges
Restoring Faith in American Exceptionalism: Only 32% of Millennials agree America is Greatest
Resued Dogs Help Troubled Florida Veterans Cope
Results — Not Dollars Spent — Matter For Parents Choosing Schools For Their Students
Resurgent Afghanistan drug trade threatening US goals, Pentagon warns
Resurgent Holder pushes agenda
Resurrection Miracles Performed by St. Patrick, Apostle of Ireland
Retail Apocalypse? Major Chains Closing Hundreds Of Stores
Retail Sales May Lead Fed to Think Twice
Retail rage arrest in Cape Coral
Retailer Loehmann’s going out of business
Retailers welcome the new male consumer. He’s hooked on designer sneakers, fashion and grooming...
Retailers' present to Wall Street? A lump of coal (worst season since 2008)
Retailers’ sales fall in final week ahead of Christmas
Retention Election: Given His Poll Numbers ...... is Alexander Running Against Himself?
Rethinking Capital Punishment: Are U.S. standards far below biblical guidelines?
Retired 777 Pilot Calls the Show (Rush Limbaugh)
Retired Air Force Colonel With Three Graduate Degrees Is Homeless And Sleeps In A Van
Retired Air Force general stands by theory Malaysian Airlines flight could have landed in Pakistan
Retired Defense Secretary Robert Gates enjoys Skagit home before taking Boy Scouts top job
Retired USAF general says Malaysia 370 may have landed in Pakistan
Retired and broke: Social Security and the struggle to make it last
Retired officer arrested in Wesley Chapel theater shooting
Retired teachers file first lawsuit against Illinois pension reform law
Retirement Watch: Boehner Buys FL Condo
Retirement sets off leadership shuffle on House resources panel
Retirement unlikely for some blue-collar Americans
Retirement watch: Boehner buys condo in Florida
Retirement: A third have less than $1,000 put away
Retiring WashPost Editor Throws a Fit About How Conservatives Ruined Washington
Retread State of the Union draws lowest ratings in 13 years
Retreat: Obama Admin May Extend Plans Canceled by Obamacare for 3 Years
Retro Coolness: Watch a Rare Interview with Sean Connery Talking James Bond, Circa 1964
Return of the '70s
Return of the Anti-Chinese League: Dems want California to resurrect an ugly institution.
Return to Makin Island - Semper Fidelis
Reuters says Obama’s nominee to head the IRS has “little tax experience”
Rev. Al Sharpton Speaks Out Against George Zimmerman and DMX Boxing Match
Rev. Jeremiah Wright at MLK Event: Tea Party Is 2.0 Upgrade of Lynch Party
Rev. Jeremiah Wright's daughter found guilty of money laundering
Rev. Sharpton, NYPD & Major Retailers Reach Deal In ‘Shop-And-Frisk’ Incidents
Revealed! The 50 best tech products of 2013
Revealed: Dispirited Obama “Shocked” He Couldn’t Get Gun Control Passed After Newtown Massacre
Revealed: Government has 472 CCTV pictures for every car in Britain
Revealed: How Obama considered SCRAPPING healthcare.gov website just 16 days after its launch
Revealed: Islamist plot dubbed 'Trojan Horse' to replace teachers with radicals
Revealed: Obama´s friend andcivil rights firebrand Rev. AlSharpton was a paid FBI informant
Revealed: The forgotten treaty which could drag the US and UK into WAR with Russia if Putin's troops
Revealed: how green ideology turned a deluge into a flood
Revelations of Obamacare
Reverend Bob Larson performing exorcisms via Skype from Scottsdale
Reverse Engineering Reveals Ideal Propulsion Design
Review board to LIRR: Pay union raises (Long Island RR of disability scam infamy)
Review: 'True Detective's' slow and steady pace a winning formula
Review: Noah: A Dark but Engrossing Human Drama
Review: The Dying Gaul
Review: Wolf of Wall Street
Review: “Why Every Black Woman Should Marry a Jewish Man”
Reviews of Los Angeles Opera's current production of Benjamin Britten's Billy Budd
Revolt Against the Testing Tyrants
Revolutionary Scuba Mask Creates Breathable Oxygen Underwater On Its Own
Revolving Door Crony Capitalism Spins Washington
Revolving Doors: The Uncertainty of Catholic Life
Reward Is Being Offered For Information In Arson Case
Reward Raised to $20,000 for Texas Mexican Mafia Gang Member
Reward increased for information leading to arrests in Lakewood Church theft
Reza Aslan: Biblical story of Noah “barely four verses long”
Rhode Island (House) Speaker's work, home raided in probe
Rhode Island Democrat pushes draconian “assault weapon” ban
Rhode Island lawmakers propose "murderer registry"
Rhode Island speaker to step down after FBI raids
Rice acknowledges some of her Benghazi info was incorrect but has no regrets
Rice says Russian move on Ukraine would be mistake
Rice: No time to think about Benghazi 'false controversy'
Rich People Leaving California for Mysterious Reason
Rich man who pled guilty to raping his young daughter gets probation
Richard Branson insists he will be aboard first Virgin Galactic space flight
Richard Branson sides with Apple CEO against Climate Change Deniers
Richard Branson’s airlines have emitted 7.1 million metric tons of CO2
Richard Cabela, Co-Founder Of Cabela's And Prominent NRA Supporter, Dies At 77
Richard Cash criticizes Lindsey Graham on anniversary of Supreme Court abortion ruling
Richard Cash: Graham Is Democrats “Favorite Republican”
Richard Coogan, Star of 'Captain Video and His Video Rangers,' Dies at 99
Richard Geere, Duck Dynasty and Liberal Hypocracy...
Richard Hayman, longtime SLSO pops conductor, dies at 93
Richard John Neuhaus
Richard John Neuhaus, U.S. Jews, and the American Babylon
Richard Petty's Wife Dies at Age 72
Richard Petty: Danica Patrick wins 'if everybody else stayed home'
Richard Pryor: The First BLACK President ( 1977)
Richard Riordan and Eli Broad: It isn’t a sin to be rich
Richard Sherman Says NFL’s Proposed N-Word Ban ‘Almost Racist’
Richard Sherman Yells at Erin Andrews in NFC Championship Postgame Rant
Richard Sherman fined $7,875 for on-field celebration
Richard Sherman: ‘I’m Really Disappointed In Being Called A Thug’
Richard Viguerie: ‘Our true opponents are Mitch McConnell, John Boehner’
Richie Incognito, Jonathan Martin both support Michael Sam
Richie Incognito: White Scapegoat For NFL Culture of Bullying
Richland Medical Marijuana Patient Denied Concealed Pistol License [WA]
Rick Perry 2016?
Rick Perry At CPAC - Red States vs. Blue States
Rick Perry Is the Anti-Sarah Palin (Another day, another hit piece)
Rick Perry Making Case to Be Taken Seriously in '16
Rick Perry Proves Himself NOT Reliably Conservative by Endorsing Musty Mitch
Rick Perry thinks Mexico may have just solved America’s immigration problem
Rick Perry: You can’t dress up the failures of Obamacare
Rick Perry: “I was troubled today by the tone of the president…”
Rick Ross Defends Controversial Trayvon Martin Lyric
Rick Santelli: Tea Party Are Those Who 'Carry the Water'
Rick Santorum at CPAC: Republicans Need to Be More Like Pope Francis
Rick Santorum ties Obamacare, Nelson Mandela
Rick Santorum warns fellow Republicans: ‘We live in a bubble’
Rick Santorum, in movie exec mode, considers his options for 2016
Rick Scott Welcomes Obama to Florida With Attack on Health-Care Law
Rick Snyder will abide by Marriage Ruling [takes no position on same sex marriage]
Rick Warren: If the contraceptive mandate passes, it will ruin a core U.S. ideology
Ricki Lake to produce documentary exposing the dangers of contraception
Ricky, Bo, Mo, Joe, Val and Ahmad. A Good Time Was Had.
Riders slam Cuomo’s plan to raid $40M from MTA funds (NY)
Rifle Caliber Choices for a Long-Term SHTF Situation.
Rifle Registration: Upward Of 30,000 Gun Owners And Counting (CT)
Rifle used by Detroit Mom to defend family is illegal “Assault Weapon” in NY (Hi-Point)
Right Wing Bolshevism Part 1
Right Wing Bolshevism Part 2
Right Wing News Endorses Matt Bevin for Senate in Kentucky
Right Wing News Endorses Mia Love For Congress In Utah’s 4th Congressional District
Right now, somewhere in an American book store, REAL progress is being made!
Right on Track (Convention of States)
Right rushes to hit McConnell (good ad!)
Right says Republicans must get specific to roll back liberal tide
Right to Return: Deported After Protest by His Family, Mexican Immigrant to Attempt U.S. Re-entry
Right wing sends Sarah Palin birthday wishes
Right-Wing Documentaries Left in the Dark at Film Festivals
Right-Wing Extremists!
Right-Wing Thugs Are Hijacking Ukraine’s Liberal Uprising
Right-to-Work States See Larger Gains
Right-wing MKs apologize to US ambassador for 'closed meeting' leaks
Righteous and Unrighteous Power
Rights Groups Warn of Ethnic Cleansing of Muslims in Central African Republic
Rigor Mortis
Riot Cop Violently Blindsides Girl On Street
Riot of Indian meditators causes concerns for Fairfield area residents
Riot police in Tucson allegedly use beanbag guns, tear gas on crowd after Wildcats loss
Riot police in Ukraine move in against protest camp
Riotous and Uncontrollable Black Teens Cause MASSIVE CHAOS
Ripe Harvest: Church Planters Target I-29 Corridor
Ripping Off the “Progressive” Mask
Rise in 'Slider' Thieves Stealing Purses From Cars
Rise of The Unaccomplished
Rise of the exorcists in Catholic Church
Rising GOP star announces Senate bid
Rising riches: 1 in 5 in US reaches affluence
Risk of 'gas war' grows as Ukraine halts payments to Russia
Risk of [Seattle] slide "unforeseen"? Warnings go back decades.
Risking Lives to Promote Climate Change Hype
Risqué environmental underwear raises eyebrows in Czech Republic
Rival Theories on Malaysia Flight’s Disappearance
Rival abortionist calls Planned Parenthood “the Walmart of abortion clinics”
Rival groups clash in Ukraine's Crimea, 20 injured
Rivalries Within North Korean Elite Led to Purge, South’s Spy Chief Says
Riverdale man moving after racially-charged messages are vandalized on his car (Bronx NYC)
Road Bike Incredible Stunts And Amazing Tricks.
Road Bike Party 2 - Martyn Ashton
Road rage on Interstate 80/94 blamed for shooting (Indiana)
Roadmap to Democracy in Iran and Syria
Roadside adventures with small-town cops in Electra, Texas
Roadside violation: Drivers, passengers say police searched inside underpants
Roane residents detain alleged robbers
Roanoke City Police investigate Orange Avenue shooting
Rob Bell Has Left The Church For A “Quasi-Intentional Spiritual Community”?
Rob Ford asks for Pride flag — just raised at City Hall to support gay .... — be taken down
Rob Lowe: 'I Want The Government Out Of Almost Everything'
Rob Maness Is Right About Mitch McConnell
Robber Who Killed 2 in South Florida Set for Execution
Robber with fake gun shot by victim with CCW permit
Robbers flee into traffic stop
Robbers turn liquor store into curbside service for pals
Robbery charges filed against trio accused of stealing from dying woman
Robert Duvall Blasts 'The Butler': 'Atrocities in South Committed By Democrats'
Robert Duvall in The Apostle - "Nobody Moves that Book"
Robert E. Lee: American Patriot and Southern Hero
Robert Gates "Duty..." does not indicate that he knew of the danger of Obama. (Vanity)
Robert Gates Book Portrays Obama as a Different Kind of President
Robert Gates and the Taint of the Insider Tell-All
Robert Gates interview and Panel – on Hannity – 1-14-2014
Robert Gates' New Memoir Takes Aim at White House
Robert Gates, former defense secretary, offers harsh critique of Obama’s leadership in ‘Duty’
Robert Gibbs: 'Hard to overestimate the real damage' Inflicted on President by Obamacare
Robert Gibbs: Employer mandate first ‘to go’
Robert Gibbs: If Dems Lose Senate, ‘Turn Out the Lights, the Party’s Over’
Robert Jeffress Claims Obama's Policies Are Paving the Way for a Future World Dictator New Book
Robert Johnson: rare new (third) photograph of delta blues king authenticated after eight years
Robert Menendez under federal investigation for allegedly helping fugitives, report says
Robert Menendez, entangled in scandal again, says he's fighting a smear campaign
Robert Reich's Health Care Warning
Robert Reich’s Revolutionary Rants
Robert Sarvis considering U.S. Senate run against Warner
Robert Shiller: I’m still investing in the stock market ("despite bubble like conditions")
Robert Spencer and Pamela Geller Are still Fighting Back against Their Ban: Help Them
Roberts protects Obamacare again
Roberts's primary challenger attacks (Kansas)
Robertson (D NY-23) Will Not Hire Cyber-Security Firm to Investigate Hacking Claims
Robertson family releases statement on A&E suspension of patriarch
Robin Givhan: Exploring Gender’s Gray Zone at Proenza and More (Menswear and Womenswear Converging)
Robin Roberts reveals she is gay in thank-you note to GMA fans
Robot Telemarketer Denies Being a Robot
Robot hamburger factory makes 360 Gourmet Burgers every hour...
Robot plays table tennis against world champion Timo Boll and you'll never guess who wins
Robot writes LA Times earthquake breaking news article
Rock Hill woman denies stabbing girlfriend
Rock Hill, SC Man chokes girlfriend, rubs tomato on her during fight over dropped pizza
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inducts....Cat Stevens???
Rock n' Roll" Zumhofe allegedly bolted after he was convicted of sexually abusing his daughter
Rocker Ted Nugent hijacks attention in race for Texas governor
Rocket launches on mission to International Space Station
Rocks On Mars
Rocky Horror State U?
Rocky's Printer - Eye of the tiger on a dot matrix printer [HD]
Rodman Brings Bread and Circuses to Pyongyang(breaks UN sanction)
Rodman drunk, vomited, defecated all over Koryo Hotel in NK
Rodman picks team for North Korea basketball exhibition
Rodman visits North Korea to train national team
Rodman: I was 'absolutely' drunk during North Korea interview
Rodolfo Hernandez, 82, Dies; Awarded Medal of Honor
Roentgens' Berlin Secretary Cabinet
Roger Ailes Fights Back: CNN 'Out of News Business'; Megyn Kelly Critics 'Jealous'; Dismisses New...
Roger Ailes: 'Fox Has Won the Cable News Wars'
Roger Cohen admits the truth, takes a swipe at Israel anyway
Roger Goodell's NFL Compensation Exceeds $44M In 12-Month Period
Roger Hill, Who Played Cyrus in ‘The Warriors,’ Dies at 65
Roger Waters Compares Israel to Nazi Germany
Roger Waters rebukes Scarlett Johansson for SodaStream ties
Rogers High student's tweet, Web boasts may draw felony charge (update)
Rogers: Putin 'Running Circles' Around The United States
Rogers: Putin 'running circles' around US [on FoxNews Sunday]
Rogers: Russia may be behind Snowden leak
Rogers: Troop movement, 'covert operation' suggests Putin not finished in Ukraine
Rogue alcoholic court reporter kept writing ‘I hate my job’ [took years to get fired]
Roku Gets YouTube
Roland Martin Says Don’t Compare Michael Sam to Jackie Robinson
Rolling Stone publishes cheap Marx ripoff: ‘5 economic reforms millennials should be fighting for’
Rolling Stone: America Should Replace Capitalism With Socialism
Rolls-Royce believes time of drone cargo ships has come
Rolls-Royce looks to plot a course to the future with drone ships
Roma Downey and Mark Burnett’s ‘Son of God’ Film
Romain Hatchuel: The Coming Global Wealth Tax
Romaine McKenzie, unnamed juvenile arrested in suspected 'knockout' game spree in South Orange
Roman Catholics decline in England, Wales
Roman Imperial Port Facilities Emerge Under Archaeological Investigation
Roman Rights and Wrongs (Catholic / Orthodox Caucus)
Romania rejects redefinition of marriage disguised under Civil Partnership Bill
Romania's peasants: standing in the way of foreign investors making a lot of money [New to EU]
Romanian MPs decriminalize political corruption
Romanian Television Station Airs Anti-Semitic Christmas Carol
Rome Sweet Home - Our Journey to Catholicism
Rome on the Brink as Detroit-Style Bankruptcy Meltdown Looms
Romeo Marquis promotes a heretic
Romney Takes on Tea Party in Idaho
Romney breaks silence on Candy Crowley’s debate interference
Romney slams Obama for "faulty judgment" on Russia
Romney's Presidential Dreams Crash in Emotional 'Mitt' Trailer (Spoiler Alert!)
Romney: Obama failed to act on Russia "when action was possible, and needed"
Romney: Putin’s Russia undercuts Olympic spirit
Romney: Veto Ariz. bill
Romneycare: Health care spending in Massachusetts highest in the nation
Romo continues to prove he is the best overpaid 2nd tier QB ever
Ron Christie to MSNBC Guest Claiming Tea Party Is 'Racial':
Ron Fournier: Excluding Russia From G8 ‘Like Suspending a Vegan From a Steakhouse’
Ron Johnson on Obamacare: "We've got to start talking about transitioning."
Ron Johnson: I'm Suing Over ObamaCare Exemptions for Congress
Ron Paul Rages "Will No One Challenge Obama’s Executive Orders?"
Ron Paul on Crimea: Why does US Care ?
Ron Paul starts Snowden clemency petition
Ron Paul: Crimea has the right to join Russia, and U.S. sanctions would be “criminal”
Ron, Rand, and the Mises Institute
Ronald Reagan Christmas Address (1981)
Ronald Reagan On "Firing Line" July 6, 1967
Ronald Reagan Quote
Ronald Reagan tells joke about Democrats
Ronald Reagan's Birthday
Ronald Reagan's City of God
Ronald Reagan's Farewell Address
Ronald Reagan's Subtle Grand Strategy
Ronald Reagan: A TIME FOR CHOOSING [Full text] (The real response to the State of the Coup speech)
Ronald Reagan: Christmas Message -- Dec 24, 1981
Ronald Reagan: PROUD to Be Irish!
Ronan Farrow Hosts In-Depth Report on 'Bronies'
Roosevelt County clerk, deputy quit over gay marriage (NM-would be forced to issue licenses)
Roots on BET Today (Merry Christmas & Kwanzaa!)
Rose Parade Gay Wedding Going on Despite Protest
Rose Parade or "Gay Pride" Parade? (entry #82)
Roseanne Barr Sued by George Zimmerman's Parents: She Sent ‘Lynch Mob’ After Us
Rosemary’s Baby: A Warning to the Curious
Rosetta Spacecraft Waking Up for Final Leg of Comet Journey
Rosie the Riveter coming back in style for American women
Rothman: The Left and the Press Encouraging the Creation of a Liberal Tea Party
Rough Red Planet Rocks Rip Rover Curiosity Wheels
Rough Seas on 'Noah': Darren Aronofsky Opens Up on the Biblical Battle....
Rouhani has not increased freedoms in Iran, U.N. chief says
Rouhani: Israel Will be Sorry if It Attacks Iran
Rouhani: Jerusalem Should be Liberated from Israel
Rouhani: World powers ‘surrendered’ to Iran with nuclear deal
Round Up (Tens of Thousands of) Gun Registration Scofflaws, Rants Hartford Courant Editorial Board
Roundtable: 6 Composers on Dealing With Delusional Directors and 'Fake Praise Rejection'
Rove Appearance Riles Tea Party in North Carolina Senate Primary
Rove Engineering Grassroots Destruction (Vanity)
Rove Syndicate Targets Conservative Consultants? Well TWO Can Play THAT Game...
Rove predicts GOP unity and Senate win in 2014
Rove to Jeb Bush: Maybe tone it down with the “illegal immigration is an ‘act of love’” bit
Rove: Ryan, Rubio Lead Republican Reformers
Roving black mobs too many to ignore
Row over Catholic Church music takes dramatic turn
Rowan Co. volunteer fire fighter shot during home invasion (North Carolina)
Roy Exum: How We Stop The Bullets
Roy Hodgson may use psychologist so England do not pay World Cup penalty
Roy Simmons, ex-NY Giant who came out as gay and HIV positive, dies at 57
Royal Canadian Navy seeking 180,000 pairs of underwear with ‘good moisture management’
Royal Navy’s final type 45 Destroyer enters service early
Rubber bullets fly as Turkey faces meltdown
Rube Goldberg Survives (Obamacare's "Stunning" Comeback)
Rubio Camp Comes Calling
Rubio Condemns Venezuelan Move to Expel Journalists
Rubio Delivers Floor Speech On Crisis In Venezuela [Venezuela is becoming Cuban-style dictatorship]
Rubio Demands States’ Right to Ignore the Poor (NYT Excessive Literary License Barf Alert)
Rubio Urges Foreign-Policy Focus: If You Think Obamacare Is Bad.., How About Chinese Hegemony?
Rubio gets second look from GOP after Venezuela speech
Rubio says budget deal brokered by Paul Ryan is ‘irresponsible’
Rubio slams Obama handshake with Castro
Rubio warns of UN Internet "takeover"
Rubio, McCain: Gates should have waited to write his book
Rubio: Time for Congress to re-examine Hillary’s role in Benghazi (Obama's also)
Ruble move reflects China's yuan strategy
Ruddy to 'Morning Joe': Newsmax Ready For Major TV Launch
Rudy Giuliani among few Republicans supporting Christie during Bridgegate scandal
Ruger LCRx
Rules for Patriots: How Conservatives Can Win Again
Rules of Engagement
Ruling Makes Detroit Biggest City to Qualify for Bankruptcy
Ruling on Internet sales tax could boost Florida efforts to collect
Ruling pending after immigration hearing for Cinthya Garcia-Cisneros,
Ruling: Kansas Can Strip Planned Parenthood Funds
Rumors Flying Nearly as Fast as Their Subject: Have Gravitational Waves Been Detected?
Rumours of marriage problems threaten to overshadow Michelle Obama's 50th birthday
Rumsfeld, Bolton: US Acting Like Nation in Decline on Ukraine (Understatement of Year)
Rumsfeld: Clinton Was Responsible for Lack of Protection in Benghazi
Rumsfeld: U.S. Ties with Karzai 'Gone Downhill Like a Toboggan' Under Obama
Run Jeb, Run!
Run Run Shaw, Kung Fu Movie Pioneer, Dies
Run Run Shaw, Movie Mogul Seen as Creator of Kung Fu Genre, Dies at 106
Run, Don’t Walk, To the Nearing Jesus. How Advent is a season of running more than waiting.
Run, Ted run: The grassroots effort to draft Ted Cruz for president is underway
Rundown: Control of the Senate (UPDATE)
Runners Give Spontaneous Tribute To 95 Year Old WWII Vet
Running Back Jennifer Welter Makes History By Playing In Pro Football Game
Running From ObamaCare
Running Scared - Senate Democrats flee from Obama
Rupert Murdoch and Wendi Deng Divorce Now Includes a Detailed Description of How Hot Tony Blair Is
Rural Alabama town selected for national AT&T technology trial on ending landline phone service
Rural Retreat, VA, Train 42, December 24, 1957 (Christmas Eve Vanity)
Rush Holt Announces Retirement (Dem retirement #2)
Rush Limbaugh Doesn't Get Pope Francis
Rush Limbaugh Predicts Republican 'Wave' in Midterm Elections
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WABC-AM, Friday, December 13th, 2013.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WABC-AM, Thursday, December 12th, 2013
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WABC-AM, Tuesday, December 10th, 2013.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WABC-AM, Tuesday, December 17th, 2013
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WABC-AM, Wednesday, December 11th, 2013.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Friday, February 14th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Friday, February 28th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Friday, January 10th, 2013.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Monday, February 17th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Monday, February 24th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Monday, March 3rd, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Thursday, April 10th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Thursday, February 13th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Thursday, February 27th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Thursday, January 30th, 2013
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Thursday, March 13th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Thursday, March 27th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Tuesday, April 1st, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Tuesday, April 8th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Tuesday, February 25th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Tuesday, March 25th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Tuesday, March 4th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Wednesday, February 12th, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show, Mon-Fri, 12noon-3pm EST, WOR-AM, Wednesday, February 26th, 2014.
Rush Limbaugh Show,"Open Line Friday", 12NOONPM-3PM,EDT,M-F,WOR AM,March 28,2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,"Open Line Friday",M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EDT,WOR AM,April 4,2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,"Open Line Friday",M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,12NOONPM-3PM,WOR AM,March 7, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,"Open Line Friday",M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WABC AM,December 6,2013
Rush Limbaugh Show,"Open Line Friday",M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, January 31, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,"Open Line Friday",M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM,February 21, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,"Open Line Friday",M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,WOR AM,EDT,April 11, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,"Open Line Fridays", M-F, 12NOONPM-3PM, EST, WOR AM, January 24, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,"Open Line Fridays,",EDT,12NOONPM-3PM,M-F,WOR AM,March 21, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,"Open Lines Fridays",12NOONPM-3PM,M-F,EST, WOR AM, January 17, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,BACK ON FR,EDT,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,WOR AM, March 13, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12-3PM,EDT,WOR AM, April 2, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM, WOR AM, February 6, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EDT,WOR AM, March 11, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EDT,WOR AM, March 12, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EDT,WOR AM, March 18, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EDT,WOR AM,April 3, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EDT,WOR AM,April 9,2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EDT,WOR AM,March 10,2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EDT,WOR AM,March 19,2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EDT,WOR AM,March 24, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EDT,WOR AM,March 26,2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EDT,WOR AM,March 31,2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST WOR AM, February 3, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST WOR AM, January 8, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST, WOR AM, January 7, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST, WOR AM, January 9, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WABC AM,December 11,2013
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WABC AM,December 16,2013
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WABC AM,December 18,2013
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WABC AM,December 4,2013
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WABC AM,December 5,2013
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WABC AM,December 9,2013
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, "Open Line Friday", January 3,2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, February 10, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, February 19, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, February 20, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, February 5, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, January 13, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, January 14, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, January 15, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, January 16, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, January 20, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, January 21, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, January 22, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, January 23, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, January 27, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, January 28, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, January 29, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, January 6,2013
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM, March 6, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WOR AM,February 18,2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,Open Line Friday,EST, WOR AM, February 7, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,WOR AM,EST, February 11, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,WOR AM,Happy St. Patrick's Day,March 17,2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,M-F,12NOONPM-6PM,EST,WOR AM, February 4, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,March Madness 2014,WOR AM,12NOONPM-3PM,EDT,M-F,WOR AM, March 20, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,Merry Christmas Dittos!,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,WABC AM, December 19,2013
Rush Limbaugh Show,OPEN LINE FRIDAY,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,WOR AM,March 14, 2014
Rush Limbaugh Show,WOR AM,EST,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM, January 2,2014,WELCOME BACK!
Rush Limbaugh Suspended for Vitriolic Comments
Rush Limbaugh on Mozilla Resignation - (quite good)
Rush Limbaugh on Ronan Farrow: 'He's Never Done Anything; He's Never Gotten Good at Anything'
Rush Limbaugh selection in children's book competition causes a stir (so much for their tolerance)
Rush Limbaugh selection in children’s book competition causes a stir
Rush Limbaugh to the rescue for Irish horse and carriage drivers in Central Park
Rush Limbaugh,M-F,12NOONPM-3PM,EST,March 5, 2014,WOR AM
Rush Limbaugh: Obama Impeachment "Never Going To Happen" (Audio at link)
Rush Limbaugh’s gatekeeper, ‘Snerdley,’ opens up
Rush Limbaugh’s gatekeeper, ‘Snerdley,’ opens up (for the Rush fans)
Rush Revere
Rush To Judgment
Rush is the awesomest band ever!
Rush on AZ Bill: 'The Media and Left Were Able to Totally Mischaracterize What This Was'
Rush to Accept Melissa Harris-Perry Apology Misses Chance to Confront Left on Race-Baiting
Rush weighs in: ‘Maybe Republicans don’t dislike Obamacare’
Rush: 'Under capitalism the rich become powerful, & under socialism the powerful become rich?
Rush: Despite Obama’s ‘Lawlessness,’ GOP Won’t Impeach Because He’s Black
Russell Crowe Lobbies Pope Francis to See 'Noah'
Russell Henley defeats Rory McIlroy in Honda Classic playoff as Tiger Woods withdraws hurt
Russia 'not really concerned' about Obama's absence from Sochi Olympics
Russia Accuses US Mercenaries Of Inciting Civil War In Ukraine
Russia And China 'In Agreement' Over Ukraine
Russia And China Expand Their Arsenals Of Tyranny
Russia Bans Belgium From Adopting Kids Because They May be Euthanized
Russia Bans Entry to US Lawmakers, Officials...(Harry Read, Boehner)...
Russia Bans Several Websites Critical of Gov't
Russia Begins Nuclear-Powered Missile Cruiser Overhaul
Russia Blocks Access to Major Independent News Sites
Russia Can't Afford To Turn Off The Gas
Russia Claims American Mercenaries Are in Eastern Ukraine
Russia Claims to Down US Drone in Crimea
Russia Conducts Military Exercises In Moldova's Breakaway Region Near Ukraine's W Border
Russia Considers Banning Abortions as Abortion Decimates Its Population
Russia Could Achieve Ukraine Incursion In 3 To 5 Days, NATO General Says
Russia Cracks Down on Media Freedom in Ukraine (whodathunkit?)
Russia Deploys Missiles in Western Region
Russia Drops Cases Against Greenpeace Activists
Russia Gives Ukrainian Forces In Crimea Ultimatum To Surrender - Interfax
Russia Has Operational Control of Crimea, U.S. Official Says
Russia Has Upper Hand in Ukraine, No Meaningful Sanctions Coming
Russia Helped Ukraine, But Now Ukraine Needs More, IMF's Lagarde Says
Russia Hopes Its YotaPhone Worries Apple
Russia IS Gazprom: To break its grip on Europe, drill for gas.
Russia Invades Alaska (Friday Humor)
Russia Is Doomed
Russia Is an Arsonist, Pretending to Be a Fire Safety Inspector
Russia Just Recorded Its First Natural Population Growth Since The Collapse of The Soviet Union
Russia Just Warned The US That It May Play The 'Iran Card' On Ukraine
Russia Laughs At Obama’s Absurd Sanctions
Russia Launches ICBM Despite Rising Tensions
Russia May Retaliate Sanctions By Demanding Payment For Exports In Gold
Russia Moves to Deploy Troops in Ukraine - Obama Urges Putin to De-escalate Tensions
Russia Must Staff Interior Troops With Priests – Patriarch
Russia Must Stop U.S. Expansion in Ukraine [Propaganda Alert]
Russia Not Planning Sanctions Against Western Officials, Rogozin Says
Russia Plans Rail-Mounted Missiles to Counter US Global Strike Program
Russia Prepared to Modify Submarines for Indian Tender
Russia President Putin encounters Sochi leopard cubs
Russia President Vladimir Putin's divorce goes through
Russia Reportedly Eyeing Latin America As Part Of Overseas Military Base Expansion
Russia Returns Lend-Lease WWII Bomber Debris to US
Russia Revisits Pivotal Role in World War I
Russia Seeks Access to Bases in Eight Countries for Its Ships and Bombers
Russia Seeks Several Military Bases Abroad – Defense Minister
Russia Should Buy Crimea
Russia Signs New Gay Adoption Law (Same sex couple not allowed to adopt)
Russia Sinks Ship to Block Ukrainian Navy Ships
Russia Slams Kerry’s ‘Threats’ over Ukraine
Russia State TV: Putin could reduce USA to Radioactive ash
Russia Suspended From G8, France Says (That will show em!)
Russia Suspended from G8
Russia Tells Ukrainians: 'Referendum' Or We Can't Protect You As Ukraine Proposes State Of Emegency
Russia Tightens Anti-Gay Adoption Ban
Russia Today anchor Abby Martin speaks out against Russian invasion
Russia Today anchor quits on live TV over Putin ‘whitewashing’
Russia Today host who criticised Kremlin sent to Crimea
Russia Today: Alarming! NY state steps up surveillance on...kids
Russia Ups the Ante in Crimea by Sending in the ‘Night Wolves’
Russia Urges Ukrainian Clerics to Prevent Religious Conflict
Russia Wants Much More Than Crimea
Russia accuses EU of ‘aggressively promoting’ homosexuality
Russia agrees to build at least two more nuclear plants: Iran
Russia and US exchange pink hat and potato gifts
Russia and the INF {Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces} Treaty
Russia backs Crimea vote, dismisses sanctions
Russia blocks web pages linked to Ukraine protests
Russia braces for $70bn hit from investor flight
Russia can't deliver on Fifth Generation Fighter Aircraft: IAF
Russia complains of US presence in Black Sea
Russia could achieve Ukraine incursion in 3-5 days - NATO general
Russia counts economic cost of Crimea intervention
Russia demands that Ukraine ships surrender
Russia detains six over deadly December bombing in southern city
Russia ditches iPads for Samsung tablets amid spying fears
Russia expels American journalist
Russia explains to Ukraine why it shouldn't join the West
Russia gives $1.39 bln for Turkey’s first nuclear plant
Russia invades Crimea to 'protect its Black Sea naval fleet' as Ukraine tensions soar
Russia is on the ‘wrong side of history’ and its actions violate international law, Obama says
Russia keen to sell anti-missile defence system to India
Russia launches media war to win support for Ukraine action: AFP
Russia may answer conventional attack with nukes
Russia may totally ban GMO products
Russia media say Crimea votes 93 percent to quit Ukraine
Russia news agency appoints controversial leader
Russia prepares bill on foreign asset freeze in reply to sanctions – Senator
Russia raises gas prices for Ukraine by 80 percent
Russia ready to help Ukraine's economy: Kerry
Russia recalls ambassador to NATO amid Ukraine tensions
Russia reportedly may stop fulfilling arms treaty commitments following Ukraine crisis
Russia reportedly seizes a Ukrainian military base, begins air drills in Crimea
Russia reportedly sending mediators to Ukraine as truce falls apart
Russia retaliates with sanctions on 13 Canadians
Russia retaliates: New report says EU’s promotion of homosexuality ignores real human rights issues
Russia sacrifices Gazprom profit for politics in Ukraine -analysts
Russia says NATO is using Ukraine crisis to boost appeal
Russia says better positioned than peers to deal with U.S. policy impact
Russia says intercepted US drone over Crimea: arms group
Russia sends troops, Obama administration sends a selfie
Russia slams as 'circus' Kerry Ukraine opposition meetings
Russia snubs Kerry at Ukraine meeting
Russia suggests 'federal' structure for Ukraine ahead of talks with U.S.
Russia takes cyber-swipe at Illini (anti-Russian Hack Attack Came from U of Illinois)
Russia taunts US with bugged diplomats chat
Russia throwing Iran lifeline: Negotiating big oil-for-goods deal
Russia ties deepening over energy, security (Japan)
Russia to Arm Warships with New Air Defense System
Russia to Develop Light-Class Fighter Jet
Russia to Europe: We can do whatever we want
Russia to Oppose Inclusion of Sections on Sexual Orientation in Intl Documents
Russia to Pay? Not So Simple
Russia to allocate $4.1 million to Russia-NATO Council Helicopter Maintenance Trust Fund
Russia to build 2 nuclear power plants in Iran
Russia unveiled a plan in respect of Ukrains: the capture will begin in February
Russia vs. Europe
Russia wants answers on NATO plans in eastern Europe
Russia war games over Ukraine prompt US warning
Russia warns Ukraine over 'lawlessness' in east
Russia warns could 'reduce to zero' economic dependency on US
Russia warns of civil war if Ukraine uses force to quell eastern revolts
Russia will respond only to increased sanctions over Ukraine
Russia withheld intel on Boston bombing suspect
Russia ‘Welcomes’ the US Destroyer Truxtun, by Moving Bastion Anti-Ship Missiles to Crimea
Russia ‘naked and alone’ in front of the world....U.S. Vice-President Joe Biden says
Russia's Ace in the Hole: a Super-Missile It Can Sell to Iran
Russia's Anti-Gay Law, Spelled Out in Plain English
Russia's Ban on Alcohol in Arenas Leaves Drinkers Flat
Russia's Church urges gay sex ban referendum
Russia's Deputy PM Reveals Sochi Hotels Have Spy Cameras in Showers
Russia's Domestic Security Nightmare
Russia's Largest Gay Club Has Shut Down
Russia's Medvedev Predicts 'New Revolution, New Bloodshed' [Obama Issues Strong Warning!]
Russia's Military Begins Massive Nuclear War Drill
Russia's Olympic security to set new surveillance standard at Sochi (background checks, drones)
Russia's Population Grew Last Year Despite Sliding Birthrate
Russia's Putin Endorses al-Sisi as Egypt's Next President
Russia's Resurgence Is A Reaction To Obama's Retreat
Russia's Secessionist Strategy
Russia's Seizure of Crimea Is Making Former Soviet States Nervous
Russia's laughable economic threats against the U.S.A
Russia's richest man Usmanov ditches Apple and Facebook for China
Russia, Egypt eye deeper economic, military, cooperation
Russia, Putin, Ukraine: Some Background
Russia, Ukraine Reach Agreement On Crimea Forces Return
Russia, the United States and Human Rights
Russia: 'Self-defense' forces in Crimea can't be sent back to bases
Russia: Arafat's Death Not Caused By Radiation
Russia: Crimea 'Reunification' Was 'Not Planned'
Russia: Supreme Court confirmed the decision to liquidate the Pentecostal Church.
Russia: We may move into eastern Ukraine to protect ethnic Russians there too
Russia: We won’t intervene in Ukraine
Russia: Will Country Get It's Own Defense of Marriage Act?
Russian Amb. on Obama’s Comments: If You Consider Russia “a Regional Power,” Look at Our Region...
Russian Carrier Group Skirts Britain on Trip to Mediterranean
Russian Church Opens the First Monastery in Ingushetia
Russian Church Spokesman Urges Interference to Stop Ukraine Getting on EU-Bound Course
Russian Church official draws criticism for calling unwed mothers “whores”
Russian Defense Ministry dismisses Ukraine ultimatum reports as ‘total nonsense’
Russian Deputy PM Laughs at Obama’s Sanctions
Russian Diplomats Busted for Bilking Medicaid
Russian Diplomats’ Medicaid Fraud Raises Questions About Accessing Taxpayer Benefits
Russian Federal Drug Control Service: Russia and US to continue anti-drug cooperation
Russian Federation Council ratifies treaty on Crimea’s entry to Russia
Russian Forces Double Along Ukraine Border
Russian Gov't News Agency Now Reporting that Crimea is Part of Russia
Russian Invasion Highlights American Need for Energy Independence
Russian Knights aerobatic team marks 23rd anniversary
Russian Lawmaker: 'Jews Destroyed Russia'
Russian Lawmaker: ‘Jews Destroyed Russia’
Russian Lawmakers Approve Satellite Navigation Hub in Nicaragua
Russian Legislators Present Bill to Facilitate Annexation of Ukrainian Crimea
Russian MPs seek nationwide ban on child beauty pageants
Russian MPs seek to sue Gorbachev over USSR collapse
Russian Mega-bucks Seed Development of Big Data Tools
Russian Military Plans to Order More Yak-130 Combat Trainers
Russian Mother Takes Magical Pictures of Her Two Kids With Animals On Her Farm
Russian Nationalists Riot, Maim and Kill Pro-Ukrainian Demonstrators in Donetsk
Russian Official Reveals That Hotel Surveillance Video Records Shower Activity
Russian Official To Hotel Critics: We Have Surveillance Videos Of You In The Bathroom
Russian Orthodox Church Slammed For Stalin Calendar
Russian Orthodox Church Warns Society on Same-Sex Marriage Danger, Survival of Humankind
Russian Orthodox Hymns to Sound in Notre-Dame de Paris
Russian Orthodox leader criticizes transgender ideology
Russian Orthodox patriarch optimistic about working with Pope Francis
Russian PM: political weakness of Ukrainian authorities doomed people to suffering
Russian Paradox: Ethno-Religious Liberalism (Googled from Turkish)
Russian Parliament backs Crimea vote, brushes off sanctions threat
Russian Planes, Helicopters, Troops Enter Crimea [Where's Obama?]
Russian President Putin links gays to pedophiles
Russian Propaganda Operations Target the U.S.
Russian Sanctioned By White House Responds On Twitter To "Comrade Obama"
Russian Socialite Dasha Zhukova Poses On Black Woman 'Bondage' Chair For Buro 24/7 Interview
Russian Spetsnaz arrested in Ukraine
Russian State TV: ‘We can turn USA to radioactive dust’
Russian TV Anchor Implies Jews Brought Holocaust On Themselves
Russian TV Host: Russia Is the Only Country With Capability to Turn US into "Radioactive Dust"
Russian Troops Engage in War Games Near Ukraine
Russian Troops Mass at Border With Ukraine
Russian Troops Storm Ukraine Air Force Base In Crimea, Reuters Confirms
Russian Troops Unload In Crimea As Russian Minister Rules Out Dialogue
Russian Violence and Propaganda in Ukraine
Russian Warship Sunk Off Crimea
Russian ambassador: We’re making it easier for Latvian ethnic Russians to get citizenship
Russian ambassadors: 'next we'll take Catalonia, Venice, Scotland and Alaska'
Russian billionaire's dog shelter offers Sochi strays a second chance
Russian channels caught lying
Russian companies withdraw billions from west, say Moscow bankers
Russian court issues arrest warrant for Ukraine far-right head for terrorism
Russian democratic leader urges West not to ignore Ukraine’s pro-nationalist policy
Russian design bureau ready to export Iskander systems
Russian economy grinding to a halt as Ukraine crisis takes heavy toll
Russian electronic voting equipment perfect at elections in Ecuador
Russian force training to counter militants from Syria: Chechen leader
Russian forces expand control of Crimea
Russian forces tighten grip on Crimea despite U.S. warning
Russian hotels will have Bibles in each room
Russian lawmakers OK use of military force in Ukraine
Russian lawmakers approve bill making Holocaust denial illegal
Russian lawmakers ask President Obama to impose sanctions on them all
Russian legislator slams Obama for 'direct threat' to Russia
Russian library refuses to issue Dreiser novel to children
Russian man faces weapon of mass destruction charges in Pennsylvania
Russian military holds exercises in breakaway Moldova region: agency
Russian minister's advice to US over Crimea: do yoga and chill out
Russian mockery sanctions against Obama
Russian navy boosted with new nuclear attack submarine
Russian officials dump iPads over spy fears
Russian oil firm says Asian buyers willing to use euros
Russian party calls for wifeless presidents, outlawing Greenpeace
Russian police kill Islamist militant leader before Olympics
Russian politician proposes new divisions of Ukraine
Russian president Putin defends Christian culture, Western values, condemns political correctness
Russian propaganda must be challenged
Russian rubbish? India reportedly disappointed with stealth fighters from Moscow
Russian servicemen confiscate weapons in Crimea region
Russian soldiers attack Ukrainian military base in Crimea
Russian soldiers storm Ukrainian military base in Crimea
Russian soldiers take over Crimean airports: minister
Russian soldiers training in Canada given 24 hours to leave country
Russian spies in Ukraine (translated from the original Ukrainian)
Russian spy ship docked in Havana
Russian teen charged with possessing weapon of mass destruction, Pennsylvania authorities say
Russian troops in the Crimea continue to violate the armistice agreement on 21 March
Russian troops ordered home from surprise war games
Russian troops said to be hiding positions, creating supply lines near Ukraine border
Russian troops take over Ukraine's Crimea region
Russian units transferred from securing the Sochi games to the Ukraine border
Russian upper house approves use of force in Ukraine
Russian's Comments Rile Latvia
Russians Doubt Authorities Can Protect Them From Terrorists
Russians Offer Ukrainian Soldiers Cash, Raises, Even Apartments to Switch Sides...
Russians enter town north of Crimea, say Ukrainians
Russians say authorities rounding up, poisoning stray dogs before Olympics
Russia’s Anti-Western Rhetoric Is Spreading (President Obama is Wrong to Ignore It)
Russia’s Channel One Cancels Live Oscar Coverage
Russia’s Crimea celebrates 70th anniversary of liberation from Nazi invasion
Russia’s Gazprom market share in Europe rises to 30% in 2013
Russia’s Giant Secret Spy Ship Killed Rats, Ruined Careers and Almost Got Blown Up TWICE
Russia’s High-Stakes Game in Iraq: Expanding Their Role in the Middle East
Russia’s Mission is to Proclaim God’s Truth to the Whole World Archpriest Vsevolod Chaplin Believes
Russia’s New Air Force Is a Mystery (Why is Moscow buying three very similar jet fighters?)
Russia’s Right Turn. Moscow has reclaimed its 19th-century conservative role.
Russia’s Shifting of Border Force Stirs U.S. Worry
Russia’s Threat in the Americas
Russia’s actions in Crimea ‘completely understandable’ – German ex-chancellor
Russia’s first WTO dispute targets EU duties
Russia’s information warriors are on the march – we must respond
Russia’s mainland invasion will be through Chernihiv to Kyiv with tanks supported by airborne troops
Russia’s strategy in the Ukrainian crisis
Rutgers University offers course studying Beyonce
Rutgers rage against Rice -- why do liberals have so much hate for black conservatives?
Rutgers suspends top anthropology professor for allegedly refusing to teach, report says
Rutgers-Eagleton explains bad poll results on Christie and Booker races
Rutgers-Newark faculty call for Rutgers to nix Condoleezza Rice as commencement speaker
Ruth Bader Ginsburg should do all liberals a favor and retire now
Ruth Marcus: Monica Lewinsky "Was Not Precisely An Innocent Victim" (video)
Ruth: Slavery's reality contradicts Sons of Confederate Veterans, Civil War revisionists
Ryan Deal Limits Senate GOP’s Power to Block Tax Increases
Ryan Defends Reduction to Cost-of-Living Adjustments for Early Military Retirees
Ryan Loskarn, the former aide to Sen. Alexander facing child porn charges, found dead
Ryan O'Connell and Neil Berman: Military pension politics
Ryan Saves GOP from Itself
Ryan Says GOP to Make Debt-Ceiling Demands in Early ’14
Ryan T. Anderson on “True Marriage Equality: Man and Woman” [Video]
Ryan and Murray to unveil budget proposal Tuesday night
Ryan clears path for Cantor Speakership
Ryan defends military benefits cuts (Proposed "fix" will NOT cover disabled retirees)
Ryan knew about, ignored Military Pension Cuts 'Mistake' in Budget Deal
Ryan says no immigrant workers needed for 10 years
Ryan supports Christie, disagrees with Cruz’s approach on budget
Ryan to pass on 2016 presidential race?
Ryan unveils House GOP budget claiming balance (another Budget Resolution)
Ryan's Committee Scrubs Doc of Claim to Protect Disabled Vets' Pensions
Ryan-Murray Achieves Cloture 67–33 (usual suspects + RON JOHNSON)
Ryan-Murray Budget Deal Eliminates Spending Cuts
Ryan: House will take up immigration in pieces (getting around a conference!)
Ryan: Immigrant bill unlikely (Last week's GOP Amnesty Retreat a flop?)
Ryan: Legal status won't be 'automatic' (Ryan pitches GOP Mass Amnesty scheme on MSNBC)
Ryan: Obamacare Can't Last, 'Will Collapse Under Own Weight'! (Paul Ryan do nothing line)
Ryan’s Rope: The budget chairman hangs conservatives out to dry.
Ryman Shoaf for Congress - FL-4
S&P 500 rises to record, Nasdaq climbs to 14-year high
S&P downgrades European Union's credit rating
S&P downgrades Puerto Rico's credit to junk status
S. Korea says N. Korean leader's aunt likely in critical condition
S. Korea: Korea Declares New Air Defense Zone (expands Air Defense Identification Zone)
S.African royals concerned at Mandela family 'instability'
S.C. GOP POLL: ‘JEB’ LEADS WHITE HOUSE HOPEFULS; GRAHAM HOLDS LEAD WITH 60 PERCENT
S.C. pub sparks outrage for sign calling gun owners losers
S.F. airport offers therapy dogs for weary travelers
S.F. at risk of abandoning gay seniors, task force warns
S.F. doctor charged in homeless drug ring
S.F. firefighter sues for defamation in Asiana crash
S.F. floats ban on releasing bred butterflies
S.F. gay rights advocate sentenced for child porn
S.F. homeless youth count nears 1,000 despite spending ( $165 million a year )
S.F. increases down-payment loans to 1st-time home buyers
S.F. library proposes new code of conduct with penalties
S.F. police officer's gun fires round after being struck by fleeing vehicle
S.F. women's rights advocate accused of raping wife
S.Korea plans $1.3-bln tanker aircraft buy to boost air defence
SACP confirms Nelson Mandela was a member (South African Communist Party)
SAD CHURCH ATTENDANCE ESPECIALLY IN SOCIALIST COUNTRYS
SADAR: Wasting Alaska’s energy bounty
SAF, CGF Score Ninth Circuit Victory in Richards Carry Case
SAFE Act Needs Repeal, Proves to Hinder Job Growth
SAFE Act charges dismissed against Lockport man
SAME-SEX WEDDINGS 17 PERCENT OF WASHINGTON MARRIAGES
SANDOVAL STATEMENT ON BLM ROUNDUP AND ORGANIZED PROTESTS
SARAH PALIN PLANS "ROGUE TV"
SARAH PALIN READS GREEN EGGS AND HAM
SARAH PALIN, NFL STAR, COUNTRY LEGENDS TO HEADLINE NRA CONVENTION
SARAH PALIN: PAUL RYAN BUDGET 'A JOKE'
SARAH PALIN: Texas, it starts with you!
SARAH PALIN: We finally found someone excited about Obamacare! /s
SASSE/LEE REPORT: PREMIUMS INCREASE $2,900 PER FAMILY PER YEAR
SAVAGE NATION - 3:00 to 6:00 PM EST
SAVAGE NATION - 3:00 to 6:00 PM EST 1/7/14
SAY IT AIN’T SO, PAUL!
SB 1062 Press Conference Remarks by Gov. Jan Brewer [Official Statement]
SB1062: Should Arizona Governor Jan Brewer veto 'Religious Freedom' bill? (POLL)
SBC leader says Russia isn’t pro-family, despite anti-gay laws
SBU detains Russian provocateur believed to have planned raid on Ukrainian parliament, cabinet
SC Gov. Haley says she backs carrying firearms without permits, training
SC Lawmakers Upset With University's Gay-Themed Programs
SC Pastor Mulls US Senate Bid
SC Senate: Lee Bright emerges as a real threat to Lindsey Graham
SC Sheriff Refuses To Honor Mandela Because He Was “Not American”
SC Sheriff Refuses To Lower Flag For Nelson Mandela
SC State lockdown lifted, 4 suspects sought
SC Supreme Court to rule on public autopsy reports
SC Tea Party Convention: Louie Gohmert Calls Tea Party to Fight GOP Establishment
SC Tea Party Leader: 'Unfortunate' Lindsey Graham Dismisses Grassroots
SC air base mulls holiday display after protest
SC archeologists race to uncover Civil War prison
SC officer shoots man reaching for cane
SC school psychologist charged with sexual battery of student
SC woman gets 20 years in breast feeding overdose
SC woman stabs husband with ceramic squirrel over lack of beer, police say
SC: Burglar shot during attempted robbery
SC: Cheap Gun Opportunity, Conway, 29 March, 2014
SC: Governor Haley Signs Gun Law Reform
SC: Gun Turn In Collects 364 firearms, 1/3 paid for with IOUs
SC:Constitutional Carry Killed in Committee
SC:Governor Haley Will Sign Gun Law Reform
SC:Gun shop owner gives burglars surprise welcome
SCE, San Diego Gas & Electric Get Green Light To Develop San Onofre Replacement Power
SCF Endorses Ben Sasse in Nebraska [Senate Conservatives Fund] [10/22/13]
SCF Releases New Radio Ad In Kentucky
SCF Releases Video Exposing Mitch McConnell
SCF endorses T.W. Shannon for U.S. Senate in Oklahoma.
SCF invests big in Mitch McConnell’s challenger
SCOTT WAGNER BEATS THE GOP ESTABLISHMENT - CAP and a Pennsylvania write-in revolt.
SCOTUS Denies Appeal Of German Family Seeking Asylum For Home Schooling
SCOTUS Hears Oral Argument on Abortion Clinic 'Buffer Zones'
SCOTUS Rejects NRA Challenges To Gun Law Age Limits
SCOTUS grants injunction from contraception mandate to Little Sisters
SCOTUS to Decide Landmark Recess Appointment Case
SCOTUS: Arizona can't withhold Planned Parenthood funds over abortion
SCREW YOU, MICKEY KAUS (Obamacare strikes again)
SD Sheriff Gore Announce County Will NOT Appeal Peruta Verdit
SD teachers to get schooled in Common Core
SEALS "liberate" tanker: more than meets the eye?
SEC Employees Make Great Stock Pickers
SEC Network Hires Tim Tebow for Pregame Show SEC Nation, Additional ESPN Duties
SEE IT: Father films young son as he’s forced to run alongside car for ‘football training’
SEE IT: Good Samaritan chases thug who punched 8-year-old, stole his iPad (VIDEO)
SEE IT: Mother cat takes two premature Chihuahua puppies into litter [video]
SEE IT: Rat invades New York subway car, terrorizes straphangers
SEIU Fights To Force Home Caregivers To Pay Union Dues
SEIU Fined Almost $200,000 Over Actions Tied To 2012 Ballot Proposal Campaign
SEIU Hit With Second-Biggest Campaign Finance Fine in Michigan History
SEN. CORNYN BLASTS ‘PORKULUS’ ANNIVERSARY DESPITE ABSENCE ON VOTE
SEN. CRUZ AND REP. BRIDENSTINE FILE ‘AMERICAN ENERGY RENAISSANCE’ BILLS
SEN. LAMAR ALEXANDER: 'LET'S DON'T TALK ABOUT COMMON CORE'
SENATE RE-ELECTS BARKLEY MAJORITY LEADER; U.S. FLIERS IN TWIN BLOWS; RUSSIANS PLUNGE ON (2/25/44)
SEND IN THE CLOWNS for your end of the year entertainment pleasure
SEPTEMBER 11, 2012, ATTACK ON BENGHAZI (House of Representatives - February 11, 2014)
SERIOUS QUESTION: DO CATHOLICS REALLY BELIEVE THIS ABOUT MARY??
SEVERAL IMPORTANT QUESTIONS!
SEX AND THE SENIOR CROWD
SF 49ers Player -- Ric Flair Flew Into (Bleep) Green Bay ... To Pump Up the Team
SF Archbishop: Those dissenting from Church teachings shouldn’t receive Communion (VIDEO)
SF billionaire ready to spend $100 million on 2014 races
SFPD: Teen was shot dead by fellow robber
SHE MAKES IT OFFICIAL?
SHOCK REPORT: Mexican Troops Invaded Border, Held U.S. Border Agents at Gunpoint
SHOCKING VIDEO: Shak Hill Exposes Mark Warner's "War on Girls"
SHOCKING VIDEOS: Pete Sessions Supports Amnesty to ‘Accommodate’ Illegal Aliens for ‘Right Reasons’
SHOOTING at Arapahoe High School in Colorado – At Least 2 Injured (Video)
SHORT-TERM ENERGY OUTLOOK
SHOT Show: The Last Bastion of Growing Conservatism
SHOULD (former President) CARTER BE JAILED?
SHOWDOWN: BOEHNER TO REVEAL IMMIGRATION 'PRINCIPLES,' CONSERVATIVES READY TO RUMBLE
SHTF Lessons From Venezuela
SILENCE OF THE LAMBS: GOP ESTABLISHMENT REMAINED NEUTRAL ON 'DUCK DYNASTY' CONTROVERSY
SIMPLY AMAZING! Michelle O’s Dinner Dress Cost More Than Annual US Poverty Level
SJPD Officer Pleads No Contest to Issuing Fake Traffic Tickets
SLAPPstick Farce
SM 476: Amendments to the Constitution of the United States (Florida)
SMART POWER… Iranian Nuclear Program Grows by 74% Since Obama Took Office
SMITH & WESSON TO END MOST CA SALES DUE TO MICROSTAMPING REGULATION
SMITH & WESSON to Leave California Market Due to New Semi-Automatic Regulations
SNAP urges Baptists to speak out on abuse ("Falsely saved" ministers or "out of fellowship" w/God?
SNL Script: Pajama Boy Meets Duck Dynasty
SNOWDEN: NSA'S INDISCRIMINATE SPYING 'COLLAPSING'
SNOWMAGEDDON! Atlanta Shut Down Entirely
SO LONG, STARMAN! Ken Utsui: 1931-2014
SOCHI SCENE: WELCOME, WORLD _ WHERE ARE YOU?
SOLEMN PONTIFICAL MASS IN THE EXTRAORDINARY FORM FOR THE FEAST OF THE PRESENTATION
SOMALI SUICIDE BOMBER KILLS SELF
SOON-TO-BE-CANCELED PIERS MORGAN WARNS NRA: 'I'M NOT DONE WITH YOU YET'
SOTU - 2014
SOTU Drinking Game Rules
SOTU Fact Check: Less than Meets Eye in Obama Speech
SOTU Slams “Stagnant Economy”
SOUTHERN-STYLE SNOWSTORM: GRIDLOCK, KIND NEIGHBORS
SOVIET CITES LONDON PEACE TALE AS BRITISH HAND KREMLIN DENIAL (1/19/44)
SOVIET GAINS ON 2 FRONTS MENACE FOE’S LAST RAIL LINES IN UKRAINE (1/10/44)
SOVIET OFFERS DEAL TO POLAND, SETTING CURZON LINE AS BORDER (1/11/44)
SPECIAL REPORT-Return of the Reagan Revolution: GOP outsiders out-finance the insiders.
SPECIAL from Rose Parade
SPIRIT LED
SPLC's Baseless Attack on JONAH is Evil Assault on Freedom
SPREAD THE WORD: ClashDaily’s “Church Camo for Phil” This Sunday, Dec. 22
SQUID: Open Source Compiler & IDE for the Ada 2012 Language
SQUIRREL! NYT and WashPost focus on Obamacare Website Tech Procurement
SSCI votes to declassify Report on CIA Detention and Interrogation Program
ST PATRICK, BISHOP, CONFESSOR, APOSTLE OF IRELAND—A.D. 464
STABBING at FRANKLIN/REGIONAL HS (Murrysville, PA)
STANDING UP TO THE COMMIE THUGS IN VENEZUELA ( news blackout)
STATE HOUSE: Lee Bright wants to close S.C. primaries
STD"s Skyrocketing! Who's to Blame? Homophobes
STILL CLUELESS: POLITICO CAN'T FIGURE OUT WHY TED CRUZ FIGHTS GOP ESTABLISHMENT
STOCKMAN CHALLENGING CORNYN FOR US SENATE
STOP Liberal Lindsey Graham - Don't be a mindless zombie (Lee Bright video)
STOP the Kamikaze Commie!
STORM WARNING: NOAA forecasters estimate a 90% chance of geomagnetic storms on Jan. 9th
STRONG RAF FORCE BLASTS BERLIN; RUSSIANS PUSH BEYOND KOROSTEN (12/30/43)
STUDY: CLEAR MAJORITY OF EUROPEAN MUSLIMS PRO-SHARIA FUNDAMENTALISTS
STUPOR BOWL THREAD: WHO GIVES A RIP?
SUPER BOWL 2014: RIOT POLICE RESTORE ORDER IN SEATTLE AFTER SEAHAWKS WIN
SURPRISE! Author of MSNBC Cheerios Article That Smeared Conservatives NOT FIRED
SURREAL: Citizens Told They Have “One Last Chance” to Register Guns
SWAT Targets Family for Drinking Tea
SYMPATHY FOR THE DEVIL [Noah, the movie]
Sa'ar: Left's 'Mistaken Outlook' Threatens Israel
Saab Hopes Gripen Deal Will Secure More Aircraft Orders
Saab reveals full Gripen E design, cost savings
Saab’s Carl-Gustaf Man-Portable Weapon System Selected as Standard Issue for the U.S. Army
Saakashvili: Ukraine is 'first geopolitical revolution of the 21st century'
Saban Staying Put At Alabama (- Roll Tide -)
Sabbatical program may help US military keep women in the ranks
Sabotage may have started Three Mile Island accident
Sabotage: Obama thanks red-state Democrat Kay Hagan publicly after she refuses to appear with him
Sacramento Kings are the latest to accept bitcoin payments
Sacramento seeking to file eminent domain suit [against CalPERS/U.S.Bank] for arena property
Sacramento's Subsidy Kings
Sacrebleu! At 2,500 calories, state dinner menu is triple Michelle’s ‘healthy’ lunch
Sacred Art Class at The Thomas More College of Liberal Arts
Sacrificing the Military to Entitlements
Sad Christmas for Franciscans of the Immaculate
Sad Colonel, the Dog-of-War Captured by Taliban
Sad Sack or Contrite Leader?
Sad Shannon is Sad. Bad Bullies were Mean.
Sad news: An English lion has died (bass-baritone opera singer John Shirley-Quirk)
Sad! Cop Shoots Dog During Child's Birthday Party
Safest car 2013: Euro NCAP crowns Qoros 3 (Chicom-built sedan)
Safeway and Albertsons Announce Definitive Merger Agreement
Sage Grouse Rebellion
Sage Kotsenburg Unveils New Trick to Win Gold Medal at 2014 Winter Olympics
Sage-grouse could become mining’s ‘Spotted Owl on Steroids’ - AMEA
Sages On Stages Desperately Needed
Saginaw-area Democrats endorse Mark Schauer
Sail Away
Sailor gunned down at Naval Station Norfolk, security forces kill male suspect
Sailor in Iconic WWII Kissing Photo Dies at 86
Sailor's letter arrives a century later and delivered to WWI seaman's great granddaughter
Sailors allegedly cheated on nuclear reactor tests
Sailors leaving Navy over stress on social issues, Top Gun instructor says
Saint Augustine on Sin, Fear and Love (Catholic/Orthodox Caucus)
Saint Thomas Aquinas on the Hail Mary (Catholic Caucus)
Saint Vincent de Paul Parish in Baldwinville and silence before Mass
Saintly City Cat Show capes don't make themselves. Meet the woman who does.
Saints that are Incorruptible [Ecumenical]
Salem Store Owner Admits Fraud (EBT)
Salem adds Hannity to its DC flagship station
Salon: ‘White Thugs Killing Black Teens’ – Time for Violent Response?
Salt and Light Biblical Citizenship Training Conference Coming to Illinois
Saltz on George W. Bush's Painterly Promise Unfulfilled
Salvage of Burned Timber in Full Swing on Private Lands ( Oregon )
Salvation Army Settles Lawsuit on Religious Discrimination
Salvation Army bell ringer robbed at gunpoint
Sam Adams Beer pulls out of South Boston St. Patrick's Day Parade
Sam Adams Pulls Its Sponsorship of St Patrick's Day Parade Over Gay Rights
Sam Adams Pulls Out Of St. Patrick's Parade Over Gay Exclusion
Sam Adams Withdraws from Boston St. Pat's Parade
Sam Berns, Boy With 'Aging Disease' Progeria, Dies at 17
Samaritan Cleared Of Charges After Fatally Shooting Assailant Of Young Boy Scout
Same God, Different Result. A Short Meditation on our Stance Towards God
Same Sex Marriage: 'Thoroughly Tiresome,' by Design
Same Ukraine Snipers Shot Cops and Protesters, EU Call Suggests
Same plane delivers Iranian and Syrian foreign ministers in Moscow to meet Putin
Same-Sex Marriage and Civil Rights—Not the Same Thing
Same-Sex Marriage to Supreme Court in 2015?
Same-Sex Weddings 17 Percent of Washington Marriages
Same-sex couples in Utah getting marriage licenses
Same-sex marriage ceremony held at Fort Bragg's chapel
Same-sex marriage now legally recognized in KY
Same-sex wedding occurs without incident on Rose Parade float
Samsung claims a ‘Massive’ Graphene Wafer breakthrough – Begins Prototype production of gFETs ....
Samsung gets the best of Barack Kardashian
Samuel L. Jackson slams reporter who mistook him for Laurence Fishburne
San Antonio Police Deploy Taser Against Man Lawfully Carrying Firearm ~ Video(link)
San Antonio Police confront rifle carrying 19 y.o.
San Antonio Spurs point guard caught giving Nazi quenelle salute
San Antonio food truck’s ‘offensive name’ ruffles feathers (Racism or Sexism?)
San Antonio weatherman says MLK slur was mistake
San Bernardino Diocese to celebrate cultures, push for immigration reform
San Diego County deputy's car hits woman in wheelchair; pedestrian rushed to hospital with injuries
San Diego Man Sues U.S. Government Over a Penny
San Diego No Longer ‘Meth Capital’ of U.S.
San Diego Republican Candidate Includes Same-Sex Partner in Campaign Advertisement
San Diego Sheriff will not seek 9th Circuit en banc in Peruta right to carry case.
San Diego is really, really bad news for Democrats
San Francisco Archbishop: Those Dissenting from Church Teachings Shouldn’t Receive Communion
San Francisco Archbishop: ‘Interactions with Gay Catholics Tenderizes Us’
San Francisco Chamber of Commerce ‘outraged’ over minimum wage measure
San Francisco DA Declines To File Charges Against Man Who Fatally Stabbed Dodgers Fan
San Francisco Has New Plan to Cure Homelessness in 10 Years
San Francisco Liberals Outlaw Storing Items in Your Own Garage
San Francisco Police Shoot, Kill Dog in Potrero Hill
San Francisco Ranked Best City for Single, Straight Women
San Francisco Supervisors Criticize Anti-Abortion Banners On Market St.
San Francisco bans wood burning on Christmas Eve
San Francisco botches energy co-op rollout
San Francisco fire: Amid chaos, firefighters save dogs
San Francisco police officer facing child pornography, molestation charges
San Francisco’s Gay Icon Larry Brinkin Guilty of Felony Child Porn Possession
San Jose Woman Duped Out Of $500K In Nigerian Online Dating Scam
San Jose homeless would get hotel and motel rooms under city plan
San Jose police could tap into volunteer residents' private security cameras under new proposal
San Juan oil drilling heats up in N.M. Swift and Huntington explore in Colorado
San Mateo: Man falls into Bay after fight with wife leads to car crash
San Ramon Teens Save 94-Year-Old Woman from Burning Home -- and They
Sanctions Against Russia Symbolic of a Hollow Culture
Sanctity of Life (S. 583, the Life at Conception Act - Paul goes nuclear on abortion
Sanctuary State: California Now Lets Illegals Practice Law, Get Licenses, Bars ICE Enforcement
Sanctuary for wounded warriors gets slapped with $10,000 tax bill
Sanders Sponsoring Minimum Wage Hike
Sanders: 'I am prepared to run for president' [Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.)....]
Sandoval Says He's Happy in Nevada Despite Push to Challenge Reid
Sandoval pressures Xerox to fix Nevada’s ailing insurance exchange now
Sandoval: Coloradans can’t depend on wind energy
Sandra Bullock wins 4 People's Choice Awards; Ellen DeGeneres wins record 14th gong
Sandra Fluke Aborts Congressional Bid
Sandra Fluke Agrees: Limbaugh Did Her a ‘Favor’ by Giving Her Exposure
Sandra Fluke Considers A Run For Henry Waxman’s House Seat
Sandra Fluke For Senate? Rocket Scientists Unite!
Sandra Fluke Running for Congress?
Sandra Fluke files in California for congressional bid
Sandra Fluke files in California for congressional bid (no kidding)
Sandra Fluke forgoes congressional bid to run for state Senate
Sandra Fluke ‘Strongly Considering’ Run for Henry Waxman’s Seat
Sandra Fluke ‘Strongly Considering’ Running for Congress
Sandra Fluke: 'Corporations Cannot Have Religious Views' [Hobby Lobby case]
Sandwich Shop Cans Workers Days Before Christmas
Sandy Hook Benefit Concert Canceled Due to Low Ticket Sales
Sandy Hook Elementary Now Levelled
Sandy Hook Elementary School Shooting Reports (Released).
Sandy Hook Killer Had 'Movie Depicting a Man/Boy Relationship' on His PC
Sandy Hook anniversary unites us all in the call for common-sense gun control
Sandy Hook killer's mother taught him to shoot aged four, 'lied to buy him guns'
Sandy Hook: Whole City Got FREE Houses!
Sandy Koufax Gets Nailed By An Ethier Foul Ball
Sanity: California lawmaker submits a plan to put high-speed rail back on the ballot
Santa Ana Michoacanos Vs. the Templarios (Residents Winning Secret War Against Mexican Cartel)
Santa Clara County has more tuberculosis cases than most U.S. states
Santa Clara Man Killed By Train Was Saving 2nd Man
Santa Claus Lives In Your Heart, Not in Washington, D.C.
Santa Claus Should Not Be a White Man Anymore-time to give St. Nick his long overdue makeover
Santa Cruz District Attorney Says "Convicted Child Molester Now Free to Victimize Other Children"
Santa Cruz carjacking suspect faces attempted murder charges
Santa Fe Shelter Offers ‘Barn Cats’ For Adoption
Santa Fe [Catholic] Archdiocese incorporating many parishes
Santa Just Shot by Pellet Gun in Southeast D.C.
Santa Monica Votes: "Sub-Par Obama" - There’s a 12 Step Program for That Now
Santa Muerte Altars Demolished in Matamoros
Santa Or ‘Krampus’? Murrieta Christmas Display Sparks Complaints
Santa caught on photo enjoying a well deserved break
Santa is Not Only White – He’s Also Republican!
Santa’s White Privilege
Santelli Slams "Don't Ignore The Long-End... Recessionary Pressures Are Building"
Santelli to Obama: How Can We Redistribute Wealth If There Is No Wealth? (video)
Santelli's Tea Party [video]
Sarah Hanson-Young all at sea (Australian Senator repeatedly calls Lieutenant General 'Lieutenant')
Sarah Kliff Skips P-Word in Article Hailing 'December Deluge' of ObamaCare Enrollments
Sarah Palin - Facebook
Sarah Palin 5 Reasons She Should Do Another TV Show
Sarah Palin Blasts Press: You Only 'Cry Foul' When 'Obama's Boot is on Your Neck'
Sarah Palin Chats With NewsBusters About New Book, Martin Bashir, Santa Claus and Charlie Brown
Sarah Palin Criticizes Obama over Israel Relations, Calls it 'Junior High Diplomacy'
Sarah Palin Defends 'Duck Dynasty' Star: 'Free Speech Is an Endangered Species'
Sarah Palin Disrespects President Obama with Jealous, Racist SOTU Rant (Hurl, you will)
Sarah Palin Encourages Hillary to Run in 2016 [VIDEO]
Sarah Palin Endorses Ben Sasse for Senate in Nebraska
Sarah Palin Endorses Chris McDaniel for Senate in Mississippi
Sarah Palin Endorses Florida's Lizbeth Benacquisto for U.S. Congress
Sarah Palin Endorses Julianne Ortman for U.S. Senate in MN Against 'Clown' Al Franken
Sarah Palin Ethics Violations
Sarah Palin Heads to Sportsman Channel With New Series (Will Debut "Amazing America" in 2014)
Sarah Palin Is Selling Her Tour Bus: Want to Take a Look Inside?
Sarah Palin Joins Sportsman Channel as Host of Original Series “Amazing America with Sarah Palin”
Sarah Palin KILLS IT on Tonight Show in Mock Phone Call With Vlad Putin (Video)
Sarah Palin On Russian Action In Ukraine: Told You So
Sarah Palin On a 2016 Run: "I'll Never Say Never"
Sarah Palin Owns Giant Future-Predicting Telescope? (She's right, again, so here's push-back)
Sarah Palin Praises Rush Limbaugh for Defending Matt Drudge Against MSM on ´Obamascare´
Sarah Palin Should Sell Tea (Study says she almost pushed McLame over the finish line)
Sarah Palin Thanks P M Stephen Harper for their exemplary support of our friend Israel.
Sarah Palin Unleashed! - "Get a clue, brass. Quickly."
Sarah Palin Wants to Reach Women With New Show, Invites TV Critics to Alaska
Sarah Palin Warned in 2008 Russia Might Invade Ukraine if Obama Wins Election
Sarah Palin Was Right On Ukraine And Obama
Sarah Palin and Joni Ernst: Making them squeal
Sarah Palin and Mitt Romney Predicted Ukraine's Invasion Years Ago
Sarah Palin at Liberty University: Angry Atheists’ Are Trying to ‘Abort Christ from Christmas’
Sarah Palin comments on Chris Christie woes
Sarah Palin endorses Joni Ernst for U.S. Senate (Iowa - Harkin's open seat)
Sarah Palin endorses Julianne Ortman's U.S. Senate bid
Sarah Palin for president? Media debate whether she’ll make a political comeback
Sarah Palin hopes 'Amazing America' will inspire young women
Sarah Palin is Right: Obamacare Death Panel Real; Disguised as the Democrat Senatorial Campaign Comm
Sarah Palin is a fan of Stephen Harper's Israel support
Sarah Palin on David Letterman’s Retirement: “That’s Cool!” (Video)
Sarah Palin on the annual March for Life in Washington, D.C.
Sarah Palin plans ‘Rogue TV’
Sarah Palin pursued as host at streaming network
Sarah Palin riffs on “Duck Dynasty”: “We won”
Sarah Palin tells us just who Sylvia Burwell (The replacement for Sebilius) really is.
Sarah Palin to Appear on Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon
Sarah Palin to Eric Holder on gun ID: ‘You don’t want to go there, buddy’
Sarah Palin to make by-invitation Southwest Florida campaign stop
Sarah Palin to speak at Baldwin County Republican Party annual dinner (Alabama)
Sarah Palin visits 'Duck Dynasty' Robertson family
Sarah Palin vs. Mitch McConnell (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
Sarah Palin ‘finally found someone excited about Obamacare!’ Someone really excited [pic]
Sarah Palin's Amazing America Debuts Tonight on Sportsman Channel
Sarah Palin's New Show Debuts Thursday Night
Sarah Palin's New TV Show - Behind the Scenes! NEW PHOTOS
Sarah Palin's father 'horribly harassed' by IRS under probe led by Obama donor, her brother claims
Sarah Palin, 'Duck Dynasty' Clan to Ring in New Year on Fox News
Sarah Palin, Rush Limbaugh and the politics of stupid
Sarah Palin, Superstar, Rocks Conservative Faithful
Sarah Palin, set for CPAC, teases on White House run
Sarah Palin: "It's almost IRON DOG time!"
Sarah Palin: A momma grizzly with a heart of gold
Sarah Palin: Allow troops to be armed on base
Sarah Palin: Happy New Year
Sarah Palin: I Went to Fox to 'Piss Off the People' Who Wanted Me Dead
Sarah Palin: NAACP Attack on Tim Scott Shows Left's 'Increased Intolerance'
Sarah Palin: Obama's Relinquishing of America's Internet Control a 'Gift' to Dictators
Sarah Palin: Paul Ryan’s “We’ll Increase Spending Now, Cut Spending Later” Budget Is A Joke
Sarah Palin: People See Putin Wrestling Bears; Obama Wearing ‘Mom Jeans’
Sarah Palin: People look at Putin as one who wrestles bears, Obama as one who wears mom jeans
Sarah Palin: Remove from Congress all Potted Plants…
Sarah Palin: Weak Obama Has Emboldened Putin
Sarah Palin: Would Be Great to Have 'Two Women Duke It Out' for President in 2016
Sarah Palin:In preparation for the iconic Iron Dog and Iditarod races...
Sarah Palin’s Academic Vindication
Sarah Palin’s first comments on Martin Bashir
Sarah Talks Like a President on Hannity. Makes Obama Look Puny & Putin Easy to Outsmart. Impressive!
Sarah Young Still Hears Jesus Calling [Jesus Calling author]
Sasha and Malia Get a Pass, But America Gets Punished with an Illegitimate Affirmative-Action Baby
Sasse outraises Osborn in Nebraska Senate race
Satan Spoke Through Margaret Sanger
Satan defeated in Florida Capitol -- at least, on the Nativity scene
Satan is Real – Read these Amazing Stories
Satan is right now shaking the Church to her very foundations over this divorce issue
Satan stepping up war for souls
Satan, Sin, and Sociology
Satanic Temple Monument in Okla. May Include 'Interactive Display' for Kids
Satanism & the Eucharist [Satan knows the Truth. Do you?]
Satanist who raped three girls took pictures going to prison
Satanists & Atheists Vie For Space In Florida Capitol
Satanists plan statue to stand alongside Ten Commandments in Oklahoma
Satanists seek spot on Oklahoma Statehouse steps
Satanists, Hindus eye Okla. Commandments
Satellite Detects About 300 Objects ... ‘Highly Likely That It Is Trash’
Satellite Firm Says Its Data From Jet Could Offer Location
Satellite Images 'Show Russian Forces Massing'
Satellite images reveal Russian military buildup on Ukraine's border
Satellite images reveal scale of North Korea prison camps, group says
Satellite looking into missing Malaysia flight detects 'suspected crash area'
Satire?
Satisfying smackdown of Prince Charles
Satoshi Nakamoto’s Silence: Why Gold and Silver are Money and Bitcoin is but Thin Air
Saturated fat does not cause heart disease: Study
Saturday Night Jazz at The MOTUS Twilight-Nocturne Lounge
Saturday Night Lies
Saturday Night Live - Black Jeopardy (video)
Saturday Summary December 7, 2013
Saturday Summary February 8, 2014
Saturday Summary March 1, 2014
Saturday Sweaterday: Celebrating MOOchelle’s Half-Century Mark In Style
Saturn:The Bringer of Old Age
Saudi Accuses Ghost of Trying to Burn His House
Saudi Arabia Designates Muslim Brotherhood Terrorist Group
Saudi Arabia May Put Founder of “Free Saudi Liberals” to Death
Saudi Arabia gives Lebanon $3bn to bolster military
Saudi Arabia reports 1 more death from new virus
Saudi Arabia woos Pakistan with $1.5 billion grant. Why now?
Saudi Arabia: The Middle East’s Real Apartheid State
Saudi Billionaire Prince: Fracking Competitively Threatens ‘Any Oil Producing Country in the World’
Saudi Civil Defence in Cat Rescue
Saudi Cleric Calls for Babies to Wear Burqas to Prevent Rape
Saudi Cleric Issues Fatwa Against All-You-Can-Eat Buffets
Saudi Denies Social Media Reports Whale Swallowed Entire Family
Saudi Ends Monkey’s 'Slavery' in Pakistan (Gifted Monkey)
Saudi Man Finds Cobra in His Bed While Camping
Saudi Man Hunting Dogs Kills Himself
Saudi Official Shakes Hands with Israelis in Rare Meeting
Saudi Prince Accuses Obama of Indecision on Middle East
Saudi Religious Cops Tell Women Not to Use Swings (b/w Restaurants Shut Over Gender-Mixing)
Saudi Royal Faces Death Penalty for Murder: Newspaper
Saudi Schools Ban Females Who Don’t Wear a Face Veil
Saudi Sex Slave Convict Denied by Judge (with a twist) [ al-Turki : Colorado ]
Saudi Sheikh Issues Fatwa Against ... Food Buffets
Saudi Village Under 'Bat Attack'
Saudi Woman Lived 100 Years as Beggar… (Died a Millionaire)
Saudi activist 'sentenced to lashes and jail'
Saudi arrests 3 over YouTube appeals: activists
Saudi deportations gain momentum
Saudi dynasty moves to forestall succession crisis
Saudi emir of Abdullah Azzam Brigades dies in custody
Saudi employer stitch the mouth and eye shut on his Christian foreign maid
Saudi eyeing Pakistan’s JF-17 fighter jet, modeled from U.S. F-16
Saudi letter concerning oil and gas has panicky tone
Saudi princesses 'seek Obama's help for freedom'
Saudi ready to act alone on Iran, Syria: ambassador
Saudis Deny Visa to Jewish Reporter Covering Obama—Obama Still Going
Saudis lament, 'we have been stabbed in the back by Obama'
Savage Destroys Hannity [Wallbanger is sad.]
Save our Healthcare
Save the Ukraine By Exporting Natural Gas
Saving Mr Banks
Saving Mr. Disney
Saving the Reno Air Races
Savior or Saboteur? A Texas Senator Shakes Up the Immigration Debate (Cornyn Amnesty Flashback)
Say Goodbye to your Doctor, Part Deux
Say Hello to Your New
Say It With Shrubs? EPA Wants You to Love the Earth on Valentine's Day
Saying 'Merry Christmas' with pride
Saying Goodbye to the Wind Production Tax Credit
Saying ‘Merry Christmas’ Now Okay (in Texas)
Sbarro files for bankruptcy protection again
Sbarro says it will close 155 locations
Scalia Warns Government Will Violate Civil Rights in War
Scalia Warns US Internment Camps Could Happen Again
Scalia slams Obama
Scalia: NSA spying debate may reach Supreme Court
Scammed: Must read for Orly and Sheriff Joe supporters
Scams, Fraud Flourish in Solar Still
Scandal may hurt Christie's ability to push agenda
Scandal: BBC’s six-year cover-up of secret ‘green propaganda’ training for top executives
Scandinavian youths suspected in knockout attacks (Satire)
Scarborough Accuses Chuck Todd of 'Wild Speculation' Over What Wildstein Told Christie
Scarborough Mocks Chris Matthews' Shrinking Schedule
Scarborough To Rich Who Shield Money Abroad: 'You're Not Welcome in the USA: Leave!'
Scarborough, Dean Squabble Over Dems Moving Left: You Spout That 'Carl Bernstein Nonsense'
Scarborough: Christie's 'Ship Has Sailed,' Donors Lukewarm on Jeb Bush
Scaredy cats: Mother cat panics her litter of kittens in jump fail [video]
Scaring the Jewish state straight
Scarlett Johansson Exposes BDS Political Jihad Against Jews, Christians
Scarlett Johansson quits as Oxfam ambassador after row over SodaStream job
Scarlett Johansson under fire for supporting Israeli SodaStream
Scarlett Johansson's SodaStream Super Bowl commercial causes trouble with Oxfam
Scarlett Johansson's deal with Sodastream, which operates in the settlement Maale Adumim, launches
Scary 1929 market chart gains traction
Scattered Boos Greet Christie at Super Bowl Event
Scenarios for the post apocalypses
Scenes from a militarized America: Iowa family ‘terrorized’ [Video]
Scent of a Woman star James Rebhorn dies, aged 65
Scheme to neutralize 36 states' votes advances
Schenectady School District responds after kindergartner mix-up
Schiff vs. Ritholtz: Political Correctness vs. Law of Supply and Demand
Schizophrenic' US foreign policy pushing Arab states toward Russia, Bahrain warns
Schlafly Endorses McDaniel in Mississippi U.S. Senate Primary
Schlafly: Sessions Gets Right With the Truth
Schlafly: The President's Grab for Dictatorial Power
Schock: ‘Clear Evidence’ Lerner Broke The Law
Scholars Discover New Poems From Ancient Greek Poetess Sappho
Scholars say Eleanor Roosevelt Was the Best First Lady, Michelle Obama Comes In 5th
School Bans Leggings and Yoga Pants – Too Distracting For Boys
School Board votes to rename Nathan Bedford Forrest High School
School Choice Leads To Amazing District Transportation
School Choice Week Must Be a Call to Action
School Choice and Common Core: Mortal Enemies
School Data Finds Pattern of Inequality Along Racial Lines
School Discipline Racialized
School District Works Around State Law To Protect Teachers Based on Seniority
School Districts Insist They Need More Money to Educate Fewer Students
School Nannies and the Death of Common Sense
School Omits 'Christ' from 'Silent Night,' Upsetting Parents {Edited Version Allowed]
School Safety Expert Threatened for Questioning Sandy Hook
School Science Project Reveals High Levels Of Fukushima Nuclear Radiation in Grocery Store Seafood
School Strip-Searches Five-Year-Old Girl Without Mother's Consent
School Union Contracts Across The State Retain Clauses Calling For Hiring Based On Race
School Violence Lands more than 90,000 a Year in the ER, Study Finds
School Vouchers Under Attack In Louisiana - Justice Department Wants To Keep Kids In Rotten Schools
School Wasn't Canceled for Bad Weather in 1882
School Won’t Let Bullied Boy Bring ‘My Little Pony’ Bag to Class
School allows bullied boy to wear My Little Pony backpack
School apologizes for Black History Month lunch menu
School bans Christmas trees, the colors red & green (Frisco TX)
School district mulling anti-transgender bullying policy after 16-yo ‘girl’ slaps teen girl in face
School ditches rules and loses bullies
School ditches rules and loses bullies (New Zeland)
School forces half-naked, sopping wet student to stand outside, frostbite results
School in India Ensnared in U.S. Diplomatic Spat
School officer hailed as hero after deadly shooting
School officials are no fans of gun ban signs (Illinois)
School officials deeply troubled over guns appearing ON SIGNS BANNING GUNS
School removes 'Christ the Savior' from 'Silent Night'
School slams door on Santa
School teachers strike in England and Wales
School work in France
School: Lil’ Wayne is fine, but Jesus is not
Schoolboys aged just 15 ‘have become France’s youngest ever Jihadists after flying to Syria’…
Schoolmates: Capt Zaharie Values His Passengers' Safety
Schools brace for transgender law
Schools probe says to fire, ban ‘School of No’ principal
Schoolteacher Cheating
School’s Event for Straight-A Students Sparks Controversy Over Kids’ Hurt Feelings
Schultz Declares 'Four Pillars Of American Life': Health Care, Jobs, Education, Equality
Schultz Shocked: 'For Some Reason,' Dems Reluctant To Run On Obamacare
Schultz: Is the SEC Overrated this Year? (Video)
Schumacher's condition improves
Schumer Agrees With Reid: Koch Brothers Actions 'Un-American'
Schumer Backs Tactic to Bring Immigration Overhaul to a Vote (Needs 12 GOP House Votes to Pass)
Schumer Calls Boehner’s Bluff on Immigration Reform (Not Really)
Schumer Calls for CFPB Probe of Target; Blumenthal Wants FTC Investigation of Credit Card Hacking
Schumer Calls for Using IRS to Curtail Tea Party Activities
Schumer Gives House GOP A Thumbs Up For Immigration Proposals
Schumer Pushes Law to Put Trackers on Autistic Children
Schumer Says GOP Needs to Get On-board with Amnesty Plan
Schumer Suggests 'Electoral Reform' As Way to 'Lessen the Grip of the Tea Party'
Schumer Threatens GOP: Pass Amnesty or Obama Will Flout Immigration Laws
Schumer Worries IRS Can’t Harass Tea Party Groups Anymore
Schumer offers Democrats a strategy to defeat tea party
Schumer seeks to poison Tea Party (are they worried??)
Schumer seeks to poison Tea Party ["government can be a force for good"]
Schumer to GOP: Obama will 'curtail' deportations without immigration deal
Schumer's Plan to Abolish the Tea Party (lengthy but brilliant article!)
Schumer: Attacks on Koch brothers will work
Schumer: Democrats Enable Tea Party to Bash Government
Schumer: House vote to extend ban on plastic guns not good enough
Schumer: Immigration Reform Stalled by Tea Party Racism
Schumer: Immigration reform possible in 2014 because of Boehner’s tea party break
Schumer: Lost Your Job Because of Obamacare? ‘That’s a Family Value’
Schumer: Pass immigration reform now, delay implementation until Obama’s gone
Schumer: Senate has votes for media shield law
Schumer: Veterans Must Face Budget Cuts, Too
Schumer: We'll Have Amnesty in 2014 Thanks to Liberal Republicans
Schumer: ‘Number 1 Issue in 2014 Is Not Going to Be Obamacare…’
Schumer’s claims about Democratic and GOP efforts to ‘fix’ Obamacare
Schweitzer Takes Veiled Shot at Hillary Over Iraq War Vote
Science Fiction’s Dark Star: Alfred Bester at 100
Science Says Drinking Guinness Makes You Bitter Health
Science Takes On a Silent Invader (quagga mussels and zebra mussels)
Science and Reason vs. Political Correctness
Science experiment causes rapid response to the beach
Science journal rejections suppress clean energy research
Science or Spin?: Assessing the Accuracy of Cable News Coverage of Climate Science
Science vs. Bible? 5 Arguments for and Against Creationism From the Ken Ham vs. Bill Nye Debate
Science! (video - fluid simultaneously boils and freezes?)
Science: On second thought, no, secondhand smoke won’t kill you
Scientific Groupthink and Gay Parenting
Scientist Urges Withdrawal of His Own "Breakthrough" Stem Cell Research
Scientist settles legal case over study of polar bear drownings
Scientist: Cats think you are just a big, stupid cat
Scientists Claim That Quantum Theory Proves Consciousness Moves To Another Universe At Death
Scientists Confirm Biblical Account of the ‘Fountains of The Deep’
Scientists Cook Up Sausage From Baby Poop
Scientists Create Genetic Map of History
Scientists Develop An 'Elixir' That Reverses A Known Cause Of Aging
Scientists Discover Massive Freshwater Reserves Underneath The Ocean Floor
Scientists Find 800,000-Year-Old Footprints In UK
Scientists Fully Regenerate Organ In Living Animal For The First Time
Scientists May Be Wrong About The Amount of Water In The Moon
Scientists Nickname Planet-Like Object 'Biden'
Scientists Push Back the Clock on Early Human Finds
Scientists Reconstruct Faces From DNA Samples
Scientists Say Their Giant Laser Has Produced Nuclear Fusion
Scientists Trapped In Record (Antarctic) Sea Ice Announce That It Is Disappearing
Scientists Warn of Worst Case Scenario (Shortened)
Scientists believe they know where MH370 crashed
Scientists create first ‘designer’ chromosome
Scientists create painkillers that could be more powerful than morphine from the venom of snails
Scientists develop GM potato that’s immune to Irish famine fungus, late blight
Scientists discover a 'violence gene' that turns some children into video game addicts - and say it
Scientists discover double meaning in genetic code
Scientists discover hormone that blocks marijuana buzz
Scientists find 800,000-year-old footprints in UK
Scientists find conjoined gray whale calves in Baja California lagoon; discovery could be a first
Scientists find dinosaur that was scourge of Jurassic Europe
Scientists find second, 'hidden' language in human genetic code
Scientists look to create ‘Problem-Free Cow’ with less emissions
Scientists mystified as 20 earthquakes hit Oklahoma in one day
Scientists say Americans are becoming weather wimps (cause they can't stand global warming)
Scientists say destructive solar blasts narrowly missed Earth in 2012
Scientists to Test Malibu Kelp for Fukushima Radiation
Scientists to create controlled nuclear meltdown in Ibaraki facility
Scientists: Record Number Of Gray Whales Migrating South This Season
Scientology leader David Miscavige says ‘Irish mission’ is a success
Scientology officially recognized as a religion in U.K.-judges rule god not essential to worship
Scientology: church, cult or corporation?
Scooby Doom: Puppy Blows Up Owners’ House After Chewing Through Can of Deodorant
Scorched Earth (Communicating faith in a sound bite world)
Scorched by ‘illegal’ IRS credits, Reid sits on jobless bill amendments (Kelly Ayotte!)
Scorned Oakland 'gentrifier' accepts the label but calls for truce
Scorpion on Bananas Stings Grocery Store Worker
Scotland Overwhelmingly Votes to Legalize Gay Marriage; Churches Object
Scotland Passes Same-Sex Marriage Law, with Opt-in for Religious Groups
Scotland Weighs Forcing Catholic Schools to Teach Same-Sex Marriage, Contraception
Scott Brown - Running? (Pretty much)
Scott Brown Pulls Ahead 5 Points In New Hampshire Poll
Scott Brown moving to New Hampshire
Scott Brown to announce exploratory committee for U.S. Senate run
Scott Brown, Gun Control Advocate
Scott Brown==== New Hampshire run, hopes to return in November Republican landslide
Scott Wagner the presumed winner in 28th Senate
Scott Walker Stood Firm and Proved Conservatism Works -- in a Liberal State
Scott Walker administration launches tax reform website
Scott Walker backs revisiting Common Core standards in Wisconsin
Scott Walker tax cut plan passes Senate
Scott Walker touts improvements in state's finances in annual address
Scott Walker, eyeing 2016, faces fallout from probes as ex-aide’s e-mails are released
Scott Walker: Hillary Clinton 'has been a product of Washington' all her adult life
Scott Walker: Republicans should focus on economic issues to take back the Senate
Scott Walker: Unemployment benefits, minimum wage push because Obama 'desperately'...
Scott gains 10 points on Crist
Scott signs death warrant for Jimmy Ryce's killer
Scottish independence: Cameron urges ‘No’ vote
Scottish man crowned champion of eating picked baby gannet
Scottish parliament passes gay marriage bill
Scottish parliament passes gay ‘marriage’ 105-18
Scrap TV license or public support for BBC will ‘fall off a cliff’ warns ex-Crimewatch host…
Scraping the Rust Off the Iron Curtain
Scrapped for a penny: USS Forrestal, Navy's first supercarrier, begins final voyage
Screaming male pig concerns neighbor in China [Maine, not PRC]
Screenwriter Robert Avrech: ‘The door to Sharia in America is opened’
Screw You, Mickey Kaus. ... Ann Coulter
Scripture, Tradition, and Rome Part 2
Scuffle In Russian Duma Could Highlight Kadyrov Clout
Sea Shepherd and Japanese Whaling Fleet Hook Up in Southern Ocean Sanctuary
Seafire XV restoration story.......
Seagate Vows to Introduce 6TB Hard Drive in April.
Seahawks Ban Californians from Buying Tickets to NFL Title Game
Seahawks Players and Staff: ‘Jesus is Better Than The Super Bowl’
Seahawks Website Blocks Californians From Buying Playoff Tickets
Seahawks fans take to Seattle streets to celebrate Super Bowl win
Seahawks star Richard Sherman says they...
Seal Commander Says Special Operations Assault On Obama Has Begun!
Sean Connery says Scotland should vote for independence from Britain
Sean Hannity Leaves Big Tip Following State of the Union Get-Together
Sean Hannity Show,"Let FREEDOM Ring!",M-F,3PM-6PM,WABC AM,December 9-13,2013
Sean Hannity Show,3PM-6PM,EST,WOR AM, February 10, 2014
Sean Hannity Show,M-F,3PM-6PM,EDT,WOR AM,April 7-11,2014
Sean Hannity Show,M-F,3PM-6PM,EDT,WOR AM,Happy St. Patrick's Day,March 17-21, 2014
Sean Hannity Show,M-F,3PM-6PM,EDT,WOR AM,March 10-14, 2014
Sean Hannity Show,M-F,3PM-6PM,EDT,WOR AM,March 31-April 4,2014
Sean Hannity Show,M-F,3PM-6PM,EST,February 3-7,2014,WOR AM
Sean Hannity Show,M-F,3PM-6PM,EST,WOR AM, January 13-17, 2014
Sean Hannity Show,M-F,3PM-6PM,EST,WOR AM, January 20-24, 2014
Sean Hannity Show,M-F,3PM-6PM,EST,WOR AM, January 27-31, 2014
Sean Hannity Show,M-F,3PM-6PM,EST,WOR AM, January 6-10, 2014
Sean Hannity Show,M-F,3PM-6PM,EST,WOR AM,February 17-21, 2014
Sean Hannity Show,M-F,3PM-6PM,EST,WOR AM,March 3-7, 2014
Sean Hannity Show,Merry Christmas!,M-F,3PM-6PM,EST,WABC AM,December 16-20,2013
Sean Hannity returns Mon. WOR 710 Buck Sexton is on now
Sean Hannity selling Lloyd Harbor home for $3.6M
Sean Hannity to Leave New York After Andrew Cuomo's Anti-Conservative Rant [w/audio]
Sean Hannity,M-F,3PM-6PM,EDT,WOR AM,March 24-28,2014
Search For Plane Will Go on Even if Black Box Runs Out of Power
Search Is On For Kidnapper And Extortionist
Search Suspended for Teen Swept to Sea From Ocean Beach
Search Underway for MH370 Following Reports of Possible Debris
Search and rescue volunteers charged with sexually abusing teen
Search for Flight 370 is a global struggle
Search for Malaysian Jet to Be Costliest in History
Search for lost Malaysian jet shifts significantly after new lead
Search for lost jet expands amid signs it flew on
Search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 resumes in southern Indian Ocean
Search of the Internet for evidence of time travelers comes up empty
Searching for Time Travelers, Scientists Look to Social Media
Searching for the Amazon's Hidden Civilizations
Seattle News Helicopter Crashes at Space Needle, 2 Dead, 1 Injured
Seattle Restricts Uber and Transportation Innovation
Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman goes off during post-game interview with Erin Andrews
Seattle city council president rebukes new council woman Kshama Sawant during open meeting
Seattle copter crash, IMHO, tail rotor failure!
Seattle minimum wage: Do it my way, says (socialist Kshama) Sawant
Seattle teen kills man for cellphone — then complains the device is too cheap: cops
Seattle's Socialist councilwoman to accept less than half of $117K salary
Seattle: Catholic School Administrator Dismissed Following Same-Sex Marriage; Protests at 2 Schools
Seattle’s Socialist City Councilor Offers a Different Response to Obama’s SOTU Speech
Seattle’s most epic April Fool’s prank
Seavey/Perry: Rise of a Podcast
Sebelius 'Urging' Insurers to Cover People Who Haven't Paid
Sebelius Asks for Investigation of Flawed Website
Sebelius Can't Rule Out More Obamacare Delays [Obamacare is too “complicated”....]
Sebelius Gets Ultimate Obamacare Promotion: Unemployed
Sebelius Lashes Out at Issa for Investigating Obamacare Navigators
Sebelius Refuses to Guarantee People Who Go to ObamaCare Website By Dec 23 Will Be Able to Sign Up
Sebelius Reign Of Incompetence Over
Sebelius Won’t Promise No More Obamacare Delays [“There are 37 changes to the law,”.....]
Sebelius asks for investigation of ObamaCare rollout
Sebelius blames local lawmakers for low central Florida health care enrollment
Sebelius demands website investigation
Sebelius dodges question about whether she offered resignation
Sebelius heading to ObamaCare battleground Louisiana (to help still exempt RAT Mary Landrieu)
Sebelius in 2013: ObamaCare Delay "Not an Option," Delay Could Kill Those with "Cancer or Parkinson"
Sebelius lashes out at GOP governors
Sebelius makes MLK-themed ACA pitch
Sebelius on Obamacare Regulations: “I Don’t Know How Many Pages”
Sebelius says mandate won't be delayed (Oops!!!!)
Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby: Christian company makes video explaining what’s at stake
Sebelius: 2013 Was a Banner Year for HHS, ObamaCare, Government
Sebelius: Above the Law?
Sebelius: No more ObamaCare delays
Sebelius: Obamacare opens door wider to gays, AIDS victims
Sebelius: Obamacare ‘Is A Complicated Law’
Sebelius: Observe MLK Day by signing up for Obamacare
Sebelius: People Who Lost Plans ‘Thrilled with the Choices Now Available to Them’
Sebelius: Some Could Pay More Due to the Health Care Law
Sebelius: Yes, Some Will Pay More for Health Insurance Under Obamacare
Sebelius’ Parting Words: ‘And Unfortunately, a Page Is Missing’
Sec Hagel - Live Thread
Sec. Kerry to initiate North - South Korea peace process. Huh?
Sec. Kerry: U.S. deeply concerned by Nigeria’s enactment of the Same Sex Marriage Prohibition Act
SecState Kerry Deeply Offends Ally Israel with 'Boycott' Comments; WashPost Spins, Buries on A8
Secession movements will hinge on the will of We The People
Second Amendment Resurgence
Second Amendment Roundup
Second Amendment Stand-off
Second Amendment applies to carrying guns in cars (Ohio Court of Appeals, State v. Shover)
Second Baby 'Cured' of HIV After Early Treatment
Second BitCoin exchange (FlexCoin) wiped out by theft
Second Danish zoo plans to kill young giraffe to stop inbreeding
Second Giant Sea Creature Washes Ashore -Alarms Sound Over Radioactive Gigantism
Second JPMorgan Banker Jumps To His Death: Said To Be 33 Year Old Hong Kong FX Trader
Second Part of Hard-Hitting Gosnell Documentary 3801 Lancaster Coming in May
Second blue zone opens; residents asked to begin flushing plumbing systems (WV Chemical Spill)
Second round of TTIP talks concluded
Second suicide bomb in 24 hours causes carnage in Volgograd ... six weeks ahead of the Olympics
Second wave of health-insurance disruption affects small businesses (25 MILLION cancellations)
Second woman comes forward in 'vampire trucker' kidnapping case
Secondhand Smoke, Third-Rate Science
Secret Ancient knowledge exposed - things the illuminati dont want
Secret EU lawmaking: the triumph of the trialogue
Secret Group Controls The World
Secret Military Contractors Will Soon Mine Your Tweets
Secret Negotiation with Hijackers Theory Bolsters: Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 Revealed
Secret Obamacare handbook the feds don’t want you to see is online
Secret PA report warns of third intifada
Secret Peace Talk Contents Revealed By PA Sources
Secret Service Agents in Obama’s Detail Sent Home from Netherlands After Night of Drinking
Secret Service Incident in Netherlands Was on Heels of Car Wreck During Obama’s Miami Trip
Secret Service agents on Obama detail sent home from Netherlands after night of drinking
Secret Service visit, GOP push don't deter Black
Secret Spaceplane, Mystery Mission
Secret Videotape of Obama Cabinet Meeting Unveiled!
Secret abortion fees hidden in ObamaCare premiums, lawmakers say
Secret court approves three more months of NSA phone snooping
Secret gay society in Vatican poses security threat for Pope Francis: Ex-Swiss Guard
Secret list: Having your name on this secret Michigan list of 275,000 people could cost you your job
Secret to Homemade Coke: Instant Cold, No Canisters
Secret to happiness? Be a conservative woman
Secretary General announces North Atlantic Council to meet
Secretary General assures Ukrainian Prime Minister that NATO stands by Ukraine
Secretary Kerry and his Israel - Palestinian "peace process"
Secretary Kerry will seek an audience with Kim Chi-un in North Korea [Satire]
Secretary Kerry: U.S. To Send Scientists To Discuss Homosexuality With Ugandan President
Secretary Says Insurers Should Waive Premiums
Secretary of State John Kerry Doesn’t Know that North Korea Has Nuclear Weapons
Secretary of State Kerry lashes out at climate change skeptics
Secretary of State Kerry rejects notion U.S. is disengaging from world
Secretary of State Kerry: promoting gay rights abroad ‘at the very heart’ of U.S. policy
Secretary of State Matt Schultz running for Congress
Secretly Record Your Friends and Enemies With Handy Pocket Camera Drone
Secrets and Lies about Obamacare
Secrets of Katyn Forest: What's Really Buried There?
Secure Messaging Without Govt Interception
Securing the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity!! [FReepathon Thread XX]
Security Expert Hacks Obamacare Website In 4 Minutes; Accesses 70,000 Records
Security Insiders: It's Time to Reduce Military Health and Pension Benefits
Security Tips for Your Family, Home, Business and Community
Security scare at Kentucky Capitol after lawmaker accidentally fired her pistol
See Side-By-Side Shots of Sneaky CBS Editing of Ted Cruz Interview
See What The Radicals Expect You To Forget
See a shrink, lose your gun
See the Americans for Prosperity Ad That Has Democrats Running Scared (Where's Kay Hagan?)
See the First Photographs Ever Taken of Jerusalem
See the Futuristic Concept Truck Walmart Wants to Use to Maximize Efficiency on the Road
See the Power of Mother Nature in a Mesmerizing, Five-Minute Video of an Avalanche
See the Youngest Moon of Your Life Tonight
See what you bought Michelle Obama for her 50th birthday
See you in court, says GOP
See? SEE?!? This is why we can't let Democrats run education anymore...
Seeing Bogues is still a big deal
Seeing the Light: Rick Santorum's Movie is Wholesome and Inspiring - If you like that sort of thing.
Seeing the Toll, Schools Revise Zero Tolerance
Seeing the positive changes brought by the federal health law (Donk Propoganda Alert)
Seeking Accommodation (Obama Administration vs. the Religious Freedom Restoration Act)
Seeking Allah, Finding Jesus at Georgia Tech
Seeking cheap stocks, chaos no problem? Try Libya
Seen At 11: Daylight Saving Time Can Be A Danger To Your Health
Sees relativism in recent items on Opinion page
Seinfeld star Wayne Knight takes to Twitter to refute death hoax rumors
Selangor, Christians demand Islamic authorities return confiscated Bibles
Selco On Collapse Survival: “Nature is Brutal… Everyone’s Life is In Danger”
Selective News Coverage of Islamic Terrorism (US drops to 46th place in press freedom)
Seleka: the [Muslim] militia terrorising Central African Republic's Christian population
Self
Self-Esteem Begat the Selfie Generation
Selfie in front of a suicide attempt lands on N.Y. Post cover
Selfies
Selfskies from the frontline: People of the Crimea pose up with the masked Russian invaders
Sell Us the Sizzle and Steak
Selling a Poison by the Barrel: Liquid Nicotine for E-Cigarettes
Sellotape selfies become the latest version of the internet’s most popular craze
Semi-Non-Political Joke of the Year:
Semper Fail: The sad reality is the majority of female Marine recruits fail fitness test
Sen Cornyn Hails 'Friend for Long Time' Karl Rove
Sen Cornyn Votes 'Aye' for Obama Agenda
Sen Cornyn and the calculus of faux opposition
Sen Hagan Runs from Obamacare Query on canceled plans (said "Keep It" 24 times; helped write bill)
Sen Manchin: Gun Control a Difficult Sell in 2014
Sen. (Lindsey) Graham makes emergency landing at GSP
Sen. Angus King (I-Maine): I might caucus with GOP after the midterms
Sen. Bernie Sanders hints at White House run
Sen. Blumenthal speaks of New Haven slaying victim Erika Robinson on Senate floor
Sen. Chris Murphy, Taking On the NRA After Newtown
Sen. Chris Murphy: Putin making it up
Sen. Coburn's Loss of Coverage Confirms 'Obamacare Designed to Fail'
Sen. Cochran doesn't know much about 59% of likely voters in his primary (Tea Party)
Sen. Cornyn Receives 3 Public Pensions Plus Senate Salary (June 18, 2013)
Sen. Cornyn Reveals Not One, Not Two, but Three Public Pensions Atop His Salary (2013 Flashback)
Sen. Cruz won't endorse Cornyn in Texas GOP race
Sen. Cruz won’t endorse Cornyn in Texas GOP race
Sen. Cruz: Happy Texas Independence Day
Sen. Cruz: President Obama simply disregards the law
Sen. Cruz: President Obama’s claims on U.S. foreign policy belong in the realm of fantasy
Sen. Cruz: The American Renaissance is Beginning
Sen. Feinstein: Hillary Clinton Isn’t To Blame For Benghazi [Throw The Two CA Senate Bums Out!]
Sen. Flake hopes Ariz. gov. vetoes anti-gay bill
Sen. Gillibrand sees military sexual assault vote slip away [Reid: she's Senate's "hottest member"]
Sen. Grassley supports ethanol production despite negative claims
Sen. Greg Ball says he wants more accountability from Mt. Vernon...
Sen. Harkin Falls For Cuba's Health Care Propaganda
Sen. Harry Reid Behind BLM Land Grab of Bundy Ranch...
Sen. Harry Reid: Democratic Senate candidates should campaign with President Obama
Sen. Inhofe on Obama’s Global Warming Claims: ‘The President Just Made that Up’
Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D, New Hampshire) trying to find a poll-tested excuse for Obamacare.
Sen. Jeff Sessions Winning Fight To Make GOP A “National Conservative” Party
Sen. Jerry Moran on Pat Roberts, the Tea Party and the NRSC's role in protecting incumbents
Sen. John Cornyn addresses sex trafficking issue in ETX
Sen. John Cornyn discloses 3 Texas pensions as supplemental income (2013 Flashback)
Sen. John Cornyn marks five-year anniversary of Obama’s stimulus with harsh words
Sen. John McCain Faces Censure from Arizona Republicans for ‘Terrible Record’
Sen. John McCain: Send Weapons To Ukraine
Sen. Kay Hagan now trailing all of her Republican challengers in North Carolina
Sen. Kay Hagan steers clear of Obama in North Carolina
Sen. Kelsey introduces ‘Turn The Gays Away’ Bill (TN)
Sen. Lamar Alexander Says 'No National School Board' After Promoting Common Core with Jeb Bush
Sen. Lamar Alexander: 'Let's Don't Talk About Common Core'
Sen. Landrieu blasts White House for opposition to bill delaying flood insurance premium increases
Sen. Landrieu's re-election campaign to begin 2014 advertising (Obamacare not mentioned)
Sen. Landrieu’s first ad: “What I said to the president is, you told them you could keep it”
Sen. Leahy on NSA spying: We need to stop government from controlling American people
Sen. Lindsey Graham: ‘The world is literally about to blow up’
Sen. Manchin demands complete US ban on Bitcoin
Sen. Manchin: 'Just Not in the President's Nature to Pal Around'
Sen. Marco Rubio Blasts the Left's Lies and Willful Ignorance Regarding Cuba and Venezuela
Sen. Marco Rubio Urges Decisive Action Over Russian Military Move Against Ukraine
Sen. Mark Pryor (D, Arkansas) takes a long step towards DOOM
Sen. Mark Udall (D, Colorado) lied about #obamacare: watch him get called on it here.
Sen. Mark Udall feeling heat over ties to climate change billionaire
Sen. Mary Landrieu joins Canadian foreign minister to press Obama to support Keystone Pipeline
Sen. Mary Landrieu – on the ropes, or playing rope-a-dope?
Sen. Menendez’s donor-doctor is nation’s top Medicare biller
Sen. Mike Lee to deliver tea party response to State of the Union
Sen. Mike Lee to raise money for Greg Brannon's US Senate campaign
Sen. Mike Lee's prayer-dinner talk offers personal reflections
Sen. Mike Lee: Churches Should Not Be Forced to Perform Gay Marriage
Sen. Mikulski Erupts on Equal Pay Issue: 'I Get Volcanic,' 'Angry'
Sen. Mitch McConnell 'looks and fights like a TURTLE' says Texas U.S. Senate candidate
Sen. Moran urges federal ban on gun owner data collection
Sen. Paul: Give Caterpillar award for tax strategy
Sen. Pryor might yet have a fighting shot
Sen. Rand Paul criticizes Obama, others over domestic spying
Sen. Rand Paul: President Obama should explain to the Pope why he’s pushing HHS mandate
Sen. Rand Paul: Trust but verify on immigration reform - [02/08/2013]
Sen. Rand Paul: Trust but verify on immigration reform [February 8, 2013]
Sen. Reid: Obamacare Will Be "Good" For Democrats In 2014
Sen. Robert Menendez Reimburses Campaign Donor for $11K Jet Trip
Sen. Roberts Is Privileged 'Or Something' To Represent Kansas GOPers (can't make this stuff up!)
Sen. Roger Wicker says GOP colleague John Cornyn of Texas will win his primary (on MSNBC)
Sen. Ron Calderon Surrenders to Authorities in Corruption Case (CA Democrat)
Sen. Schumer Says Republicans Want Immigration Reform – But Don't Want To Vote On It
Sen. Schumer calls for ban on cancer causing ingredient [Chuck didn't read Constitution]
Sen. Schumer: BDS Is New Modern Anti-Semitism
Sen. Scott decries ‘philosophical bigotry’
Sen. Sessions: 'Deliberate Plan by President' to Collapse U.S. Law Enforcement System
Sen. Sessions: Immigration spikes income inequality Newcomers cost Americans millions of jobs.
Sen. Tammy Baldwin: Birth Control ‘Basic to Our Economic Prosperity’
Sen. Ted Cruz Breaks with Sen. Rand Paul on Foreign Policy
Sen. Ted Cruz Questions Eric Holder on the Investigation into IRS Targeting of Conservatives
Sen. Ted Cruz Returning to Iowa
Sen. Ted Cruz Spurs Crowd to Stand Up for Religious Freedom at Liberty University Convocation
Sen. Ted Cruz at CPAC: How We Win (Awesome Speech)
Sen. Ted Cruz calls out ‘career politicians’ in both parties for putting politics before the people
Sen. Ted Cruz hires lawyers to renounce his Canadian citizenship
Sen. Ted Cruz on Face the Nation
Sen. Ted Cruz opens 2014 CPAC with 'principles' speech
Sen. Ted Cruz rallies religious freedom activists at the Supreme Court in support of Hobby Lobby
Sen. Ted Cruz says job of chaplains to be insensentive to atheists
Sen. Ted Cruz to give address at Liberty University on Wednesday, April 2
Sen. Ted Cruz with Neil Cavuto
Sen. Ted Cruz with Neil Cavuto on the Imperial Presidency of Barack Obama
Sen. Ted Cruz: No Regrets Over Shutdown [11/15/2003]
Sen. Ted Cruz: Turning America Around
Sen. Tim Scott Sees Bright 2014 for Conservatives
Sen. Tim Scott: NAACP Leader Engaging in 'Philosophical Bigotry'
Sen. Udall Pressured Insurance Division to Revise Cancellation Numbers Due to Obamacare
Sen. Yee charged with trafficking firearms in sweeping FBI probe
Senate (AZ) OKs ban on Common Core standards
Senate 2014: For Republicans, potential - and pitfalls
Senate Bill 248: Require Children's Services Review for Homeschooling (OHIO)
Senate Candidate: I'll Use My Hog Castrating Experience To Help End Pork Barrel Spending
Senate Challenger Milton Wolf Ties Incumbent Roberts in Straw Poll at Kansas GOP Convention
Senate Climate Dodge: Tom Steyer gives $50 million and all he gets is a lousy all-nighter
Senate Confirms Yellen; Paul, Cruz, Others Demand Fed Audit
Senate Conservatives Fund (2014 Races Info.)
Senate Conservatives Fund Endorses T.W. Shannon for Senate in Oklahoma
Senate Conservatives Fund Endorses Tea Partier Milton Wolf Against Sen. Pat Roberts
Senate Conservatives Fund Financial Report email (funds raised and distributed)
Senate Conservatives Fund Leader Stirs Up Republican Anger
Senate Conservatives Fund Ramps Up Earmarking Effort
Senate Conservatives Fund Wants Boehner to Resign
Senate Conservatives Fund beats non-election year benchmarks
Senate Conservatives Fund spent over $2M on its candidates in 2013
Senate Conservatives Fund: Boehner Targeting Conservatives Just Like IRS
Senate Conservatives Fund: Boehner must be replaced!
Senate Dem to oppose Mumia Abu Jamal-defender Obama appointee to run the Civil Rights Division
Senate Democrat: Oh, I Would Totally Vote For Obamacare Again
Senate Democrats Approve Obama Judge Who Said Abortion “Frees Women”
Senate Democrats Backed Obama On Overwhelming Number of 2013 Votes, CQ Roll Call Vote Studies Show
Senate Democrats Block Amendment to Restore Military Pensions [money goes to illegal aliens]
Senate Democrats Choose Illegal Aliens Over Disabled Vets in Key Budget Vote
Senate Democrats Hit the Panic Button in Phony Attempt to “Fix” Obamacare
Senate Democrats Reject Limits on IRS Intimidation of Political Speech
Senate Democrats aim ire at rich, obscure brothers (Koch bros.)
Senate Democrats all in for Harry Reid’s leadership, majority or no
Senate Democrats are in big trouble in 2014
Senate Democrats plan all-night global-warming talkathon in support of … er …
Senate Democrats plan an all-nighter Monday for climate change
Senate Democrats to push Obama nominees under new rules
Senate Democrats: The IRS Must Crack Down on Our Critics Ahead of the Election
Senate Democrats: Why Didn't Someone Tell Us Obamacare Would Cut Medicare?
Senate Dems Favor Illegal Aliens over Disabled Vets
Senate Dems Won't Produce a Budget This Year ('Do nothing' Dingy)
Senate Dems block amdmt to restore veteran benefits by closing illegal immigrant welfare loophole
Senate Dems deny last-ditch effort to restore military pensions; illegals’ tax refunds win out
Senate Dems offer $9 billion borrowing plan for pensions relief(Pennsylvania)
Senate Dems to IRS: You’re our only hope
Senate Dems to set up global warming task force (Boxer leads the hoax)
Senate Fails to Pass 3-Month Extension of Jobless Benefits
Senate Finance Committee votes to restore Wind Tax Credit
Senate GOP Aide Arrested on Child Porn Charges Found Dead of Suspected Suicide
Senate GOP buoyant about midterms
Senate GOP fails in final bid to restore military pension cuts to budget bill
Senate Intel chair: Crimea's gone
Senate Intelligence Committee investigating leak to McClatchy, Feinstein says
Senate Leaders McConnell and Cornyn Spurn Cruz to Move Debt Bill to Final Vote
Senate Majority Leader Checks Himself into Hospital
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell is in trouble in Kentucky
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell trails Democrat in re-election race
Senate Panel Passes Religious Freedom Envoy Bill Opposed by Administration
Senate Passes 3-Month SGR 'Doc Fix'
Senate Passes Bipartisan Budget Agreement
Senate Passes Bipartisan Budget Deal – Here Are the 36 Republicans Who Voted Against It
Senate Passes Unemployment Benefits Extension
Senate President Wants Health Reform Contingency If Single Payer Falters (Vermont)
Senate Primaries in 2014 Will Be Fight for Republican Party's Soul
Senate Report -- CIA: 'Libya: Al-Qaida Establishing Sanctuary'
Senate Report: U.S. Blows $30 Bil on Wasteful Projects in 2013
Senate Republican Leader Predicts No Immigration Reform In 2014 (McConnell, Cornyn cloture voters)
Senate Republicans HID key votes on increasing debt limit from public view
Senate Republicans Introduce Obamacare Alternative
Senate Staff Alerted D.C. Exchange May Be Wrongly Telling Them They’ve Enrolled
Senate Urged to Create Envoy for Christians in Middle East
Senate Vote Soon on Bad DHS Nominee
Senate Votes To Ban Iran UN Ambassador From Entering The US
Senate Votes on Debt Limit; McConnell and Cornyn Vote ‘Aye’ (Updated)
Senate Works Its Magic, Hands Democrats Debt Ceiling Increase Through Mid-Term Elections
Senate adopts plan on BadgerCare changes in response to Obamacare problems
Senate advances debt ceiling bill (Cornyn, McConnell give cloture to Reid)
Senate advances debt hike after McConnell, GOP leaders vote yes ("GOP leaders" = Cornyn)
Senate advances debt hike after McConnell, GOP leaders vote yes - members give leaders cover
Senate approves $1.1 trillion spending bill
Senate approves budget, sends to Obama (64 to 36)
Senate blocks Dems’ bill boosting vets’ benefits
Senate candidate CRUSHES Obamacare in less than 17 seconds (Milton Wolf, KS)
Senate candidate Greg Brannon once again proves why he could be the future of the Republican Party
Senate candidate Milton Wolf's Facebook posts questioned
Senate candidate Thom Tillis' first campaign draws new scrutiny from some conservatives (NC)
Senate candidate suggests moving federal capital from Washington
Senate clerks didn’t announce names during debt-ceiling vote ..Republicans could secretly switch
Senate confirms Yellen to chair Federal Reserve
Senate confirms first Obama's ‘post-nuclear’ nominee in 56-38 vote
Senate delays test vote on jobless benefits extension (global warming)
Senate hopeful Shane Osborn issues statement of regret over handling of disputed memo
Senate intelligence report takes GOP tirades about Benghazi head-on (Dems view, barf alert)
Senate majority leader ‘taking on’ Obama on Iran
Senate miracle: Cruz-backed bill unanimously approved
Senate moves toward supporting supply of US Apache helicopters to Iraq
Senate panel expected to vote on DHS nominee over Republican objections
Senate passes debt-ceiling plan in blow to tea party (Ted Cruz's attempted filibuster denied)
Senate poised to pass budget
Senate previews complete, GOP set to gain 6 seats, earn majority
Senate race in Michigan has Dems (& Dingy Harry) nervous
Senate race in Michigan has Dems nervous
Senate race poll numbers look good for Republicans (Michael Barone)
Senate rejects Obama nominee who defended convicted cop killer
Senate report: Attack on U.S. compound in Benghazi could have been prevented
Senate report: Attacks on U.S. compounds in Benghazi could have been prevented (WashPost)
Senate report: Benghazi attackers tied to Al Qaeda groups
Senate sends House bill to require ultrasounds before abortions
Senate set to seek declassification of CIA report; White House will decide what’s made public
Senate shoots down Obama pick for DOJ civil rights post
Senate staffer arrested on child pornography charges found dead
Senate tax plan spares big oil industry deduction
Senate to vote Wednesday afternoon on debt limit
Senate votes for Amnesty Bill Cloture (Cornyn Cloture Vote Flashback 2013)
Senate votes for Amnesty Bill Cloture (John Cornyn Amnesty Flashback)
Senate votes to bar proposed Iran U.N. ambassador from country
Senate's Generational Theft Act roll call vote; Where was Cornyn? (2009 skipped cloture vote)
Senate's Gun Control Bill Would Not Have Stopped Arapahoe Shooter
Senate's No. 2 Republican faces new primary challenge
Senator Barbara Boxer, Obsessive-Compulsive
Senator Bernie Sanders Asks NSA If It Spies On Congress
Senator Calls Keystone Pipeline a Health Threat
Senator Complains about CIA Spying
Senator Cornyn in Longview to Discuss Human Trafficking (No mention his rally with Karl Rove today)
Senator Cries “Foul” over Campaign Ads
Senator Cruz still promotes the socialist/progressive’s tax upon incomes?
Senator Cruz: keep income tax, lower top rates
Senator Cruz: “If Someone Says They’re Going to Kill You, You Should Believe Them.”
Senator For Arizona John Mccain Talks With Soros Fund Manager
Senator Harkin Proposes ‘USA’ Retirement
Senator Hopes To Provide Healthcare To Immigrants Lacking Legal Status
Senator Insists Videos of Him Must Have Been Photo-Shopped
Senator John McCain: “We Are All Ukrainians”
Senator Lamar Alexander (R-TN) Uses Veteran to Push False Narrative
Senator Landrieu: I Would Vote For ObamaCare Again
Senator Landrieu’s Deception (When will Mary sign up for Husseincare 21.2 like she promised?)
Senator Larry Martin, South Carolina
Senator Lindsey Graham Censured… Again!
Senator Mike Lee to deliver Tea Party response to President Obama's State of the Union
Senator Mike Lee’s Tea Party Response to the president’s State of the Union speech
Senator Mitch McConnell’s campaign ad mistakes Duke for Kentucky, features Julius Randle (VIDEO)
Senator Patrick Leahy deserves an Oscar
Senator Paul Rand says he's suing Obama administration over NSA policies
Senator Rand Paul to Offer Amendment Allowing Guns in Post Offices
Senator Rebukes IRS Over Decision To Reinstate 2013 Employee Bonuses
Senator Reid on Koch Brothers(Tea Party mentioned;)
Senator Rob Portman: How Obamacare continues to hurt Ohioans
Senator Ted Cruz Came In Like A Wrecking Ball
Senator Ted Cruz slamming top American diplomats
Senator Ted Cruz to Headline Denton County GOP Lincoln-Reagan Dinner
Senator Ted Cruz: Limits On The Treaty Power [Harvard Law Review]
Senator Ted Cruz: Obama is most hostile U.S. president to Israel in modern times
Senator Tom Coburn Announces Retirement at End of 2014
Senator Tom Harkin; Once Bitten Twice Duped
Senator doesn't realize he's at wrong hearing
Senator hopes to provide healthcare to immigrants lacking legal status
Senator opens office to allow people signup for concealed carry
Senator seeks ban on maps showing Crimea as part of Russia
Senator suggests quick approval, delayed enactment of immigration law
Senator who volunteered as abortion clinic escort seeks statewide ‘buffer zone’ in Pennsylvania
Senator wrestles heirs over nine-figure Texas fortune
Senator's former chief-of-staff arrested over child porn videos commits suicide
Senator: 'There's No Such Thing as Obamacare'
Senator: CIA improperly searched computer network
Senator: We Can't Let Israel Determine When We Go to War
Senators Booker, Menendez join fast for immigration reform
Senators Cruz and Cornyn Introduce Fort Hood Bill [Sep 12, 2013]
Senators Demand FBI Head Answer Questions About Indictment of Dinesh D'Souza
Senators Forced to Play “Frankenstein” with Privacy Monster They Created
Senators Graham, Ayotte and McCain Pen Letter to President Obama Requesting Benghazi Answers
Senators Head to Ukraine Empty-Handed (McCain mouths off)
Senators Raise Questions About Grid Vulnerability 'Leaks' to Media
Senators Say Northwestern Unionization Effort Prompts Important Questions
Senators Tell Kellogg to 'Act Swiftly' to End Memphis Lockout
Senators accuse GM of trying to cover up defective switch tied to 13 deaths
Senators call on FTC to investigate Target breach
Senators fight cuts to veteran benefits ahead of key budget test vote
Senators launch
Senators reach deal on unemployment benefits
Senators up pressure on Putin in Ukraine
Senators: Golden Globes Should Celebrate Achievements in Film, Television; Not Smoking, E-Cigarettes
Senators: No More Excuses to Deny Unemployment Benefits Extension (Reid's Republican mouthpiece)
Senator’s memo shows Iran links in Homeland Security’s troubled immigration program
Send A Fax/Contact A&E Networks For Slamming Duck Dynasty Phil Robertson
Send Out The Clowns
Send Senate Conservatives Fund As Much As You Can NOW
Send a Christmas Card to Mary Wagner, a Pro-Life Prisoner of Conscience
Send out the clowns
Send wireless power long range with lasers and balloons
Senior IOC member criticizes US choices for Sochi
Senior Israeli Minister’s Shocking Admission: “Israel Can No Longer Count on the United States”
Senior Republican Sen. Thad Cochran says he doesn't 'know a lot about' the Tea Party
Senior Russian Diplomat: Moscow May Change Stance In Iranian Nuke Talks
Senior Russian Official: ‘We Expect All Sanctions on Iran to be Lifted’
Senior UK Defense Advisor: Obama Is Clueless About ‘What He Wants To Do In The World’
Senior al-Qaeda figure leaves Iran amid a series of departures by terrorist suspects
Senior broadcaster for VOA is former Afghan jihadist; says West should “reintegrate” Syria jihadists
Senior enlisted airman at Offutt's 55th Wing relieved of duty
Seniors Prevented From Getting HealthCare Under ObamaCare: The Details
Seniors, doctors, lawmakers rail against UnitedHealthcare (CT)changes (Losing care due reps vote)
Sensational confession of Ibran Mustafic, Bosnian Muslim war veteran and politician [SREBRENICA]
Sense and Nonsense
Sensenbrenner on Camera Denies Text of Own Voter Law (Good read)
Sensenbrenner, Sen. Ron Johnson clash
Sensenbrenner’s VRA Bill Wins Praise from Far-Left, Soros-Connected Race-Hustling Groups
Sensible on Weed: Why Colorado's Marijuana Law is Good Policy
Separated at Birth: Debbie Wasserman Schultz
Separation of Church and State Disappears with Global Warming
Separation of Government From Press
Sept 2011: Five ft tall man with Down Syndrome beaten by Police-bulge in pants:Colostomy Bag
Sept. 11 museum's planned admission fee stirs some anger
Sequester Budget Cuts Helped, Not Harmed, The Economy
Sequester We Hardly Knew Ye - No Vote on Budget Deal
Serbia Has a New Teen Idol (Statue of Gavrilo Princip to be erected)
Serbian Archaeologist Finds 4,000-Year-Old Chariot
Serbia’s office for KiM: "Obama, there was no Kosovo referendum"
Serenity Prayer
Sergey Karaganov: The man behind Putin’s pugnacity
Sergio Garcia - Illegal Immigrant Admitted To California Bar
Serial Killer Joanna Dennehy Takes Selfie Before Knifing Fourth and Fifth Victims
Serial Knockout Attacker Arrested in Brooklyn
Serial killer executed with Texas' new drug supply
Serious OpenSSL bug renders websites wide open
Seriously Ill Hurt by Obamacare a ‘Tiny Minority’
Seriously, what?! John Kerry tells Russia 'you don't invade a country on completely phony pretexts'
Serpico yet to receive 1972 Medal of Honor certificate from NYPD
Servants of a New Covenant
Sesame Street: Kermit and Joey Say the Alphabet
Sessions Arms House Republicans Against Boehner Immigration Push
Sessions Report Demolishes Obama 'Deporter In Chief' Myth
Sessions: 'For Every One Job Added, Nearly 5 People Left the Workforce'
Set Your House in Order (in four easy steps).
Setback in Connecticut ‘only first battle in multi-year legal war
Seth Rogen- Senators Not Taking Alzheimer’s Seriously [ Canadian aks US not Canada for research )
Setting the Record on Joe McCarthy Straight
Settled Science: The Biggest Risk Factor Leading to Premature Death Is…Government?
Settlement reached in Evansville Diocese rape suit
Sevastopol legislative assembly endorses new City Charter
Seven Decades of Nazi colaboration
Seven Democratic candidates for governor, none pro-life
Seven Devastating Economic Facts
Seven Hard Truths Liberals Just Don’t Want To Hear
Seven Minimum Wage Facts That Have Democrats Worried
Seven Things You Should Know after Obamacare’s Deadline Day
Seven Times Government Has Given Out Numbers to Phone Sex Lines
Seven Ways to Be Prepared for Effective Party Activism
Seven Ways to Save Money Under Obamacare
Seven Weird but Good Food Combinations
Seven centuries of ploughing in Ede: Dutch Celtic fields used continuously for centuries
Seven questions about transgender issues you were afraid to ask (More PC demands hurl)
Seven things you need to know about the Obama donor prosecuting Dinesh D’Souza
Seven years of sex assaults on Lyndhurst girl, year in prison for illegal brother immigrants
Seventh-Grade Girls Hospitalized After Drinking Booze in Class, DOE Says
Seventy-two killed resisting gun confiscation in Boston!
Several Sheriff's Asked to Disarm at Oklahoma State Capitol
Severe Antarctic weather slows Australian icebreaker bid to reach stranded ship
Severe Turbulence on SFO-Hong Kong Flight Injures Nine
Severe drought? California has been here before
Severe winter weather threatens East Coast energy infrastructure
Severed heads dumped outside bank in Mexican state of Michoacán
Sex Abuse Survivor On A 4-Day Mission For Change [Molested by lesbian caregiver]
Sex Change Felon Wants Taxpayers to Fund Further Modifications
Sex Change Ruled “Medically Necessary”
Sex abuse extradition decision reserved [NZ Catholic brother]
Sex and Lies in Current TN School Textbooks
Sex and Race Equality
Sex and race equality – where is it?
Sex, Death and Loathing in Hollywood
Sex, drugs, and religious liberty
Sex, movies and the desperate attempt to shock audiences. (Hint: it’s not working.)
Sex-obsessed lefty horrified by 'toxic purity culture'
Sexed-Up Extracurriculars
Sexiest Man Alive Adam Levine the New Poster Boy of Obamacare Campaign (Has he signed up?)
Sexism defense of Wendy Davis is attempt to give her an easier double standard (Palin Laughs)
Sexism toward Wendy Davis revives war on women
Sexual Assaults In The Military Are At An All-Time High And Most Of Them Are Male On Male
Sexual Atheism is Merely False Conversion
Sexual abuse of students by teachers often ignored and unpunished
Sexual revolution leaving American women plagued by anxiety disorders
Seymour Hersh Alleges Obama Administration Lied on Syria Gas Attack
Sgt. Maj. Of The Marine Corps Says Lower Pay For Marines “Will Raise Discipline”, Make Them Less....
Sgt. Walter Ehlers, WWII Medal of Honor Recipient, Dies at 92
Sgt. Wounded in 2009 Fort Hood Attack: Our Lives Would Be a ‘Living Hell’ Without Private Charities
Shabbat Night Live with Michael Rood: February 14, 2014
Shades of Vietnam: Spike in U.S. troop deaths tied to stricter rules of engagement
Shadowfax has died
Shadowy funders build liberal war chest to unseat governor
Shaked to Haifa University: Where is Freedom of Expression?
Shakedown: Treasury seizing tax refunds from adult children to pay parents' Social Security debts
Shakespeare Insult Kit
Shale Gas to the Rescue?
Shale Revolution: Trade Deficit Slides
Shale brings high hopes in Mississippi, Louisiana
Shale gas to the rescue?
Shale well depletion raises questions over US oil boom
Shale, the Last Oil and Gas Train: Interview With Arthur Berman
Shaler Twp. police chief befuddled by 'fool' in bear suit
Shalom Japan: Restaurant Review
Shame On You! What’s Your Consumption Factor?
Shameful Displays
Shameless Communist Propaganda from the Left
Shanghai Warms Up To A New Cuisine: Chinese Food, American-Style
Shaping a response to Russia will be a high-stakes test for Obama
Sharia Law: Nine-month-old booked for murder in Pakistan
Sharia Submission: Minneapolis Mayor Proudly Wears Hijab When Meeting Somali Muslims
Sharia Sweden: Swedish Newspaper Hacks Disqus, Goes to Commenters’ Homes with Cameramen
Sharia in action in Somalia: Gay man stoned to death
Sharia's Protector
Sharia's Protector [Mark Steyn]
Sharing a united Jerusalem (op-ed: EU/UN security forces enforcing “Palestinian” sharia law?)
Shark Diving with a Bird Cage? No Worries Mate!
Shark Season Singer Island, Florida [youtube video link]
Shark Tank Investor: Obama Should Ask Small Business Owners If They Agree With His Statements
Sharon remains in 'grave' condition following 'dramatic' decline
Sharon's Prophetic Question about Middle East Christians
Sharp Changes in Altitude and Course After Jet Lost Contact
Sharpton Blasts Michael Dunn Verdict
Sharpton Leads March Over 'Stand Your Ground' Law
Sharpton aide named chief of staff for de Blasio’s wife
Sharpton turned mob rat to dodge drug sting: report
Sharpton was ‘eager to get slice of 1980s coke deal’: pal
Sharpton was ‘eager to sell coke’ in the ’80s: pal [yet more skeletons in Al's closet]
Sharpton's Secret Work As FBI Informant
Sharpton, Dems at Ohio rally welcome poll worker imprisoned for voter fraud
Sharpton-De Blasio Ties Bring Back Old Wounds For Some
Sharpton: Rand Paul Trying 'To Do The Monica Lewinsky on the Democrats'
Sharyl Attkisson Claims CBS Moved On From ´Fast and Furious´ as She´d ´Barely Begun
Sharyl Attkisson Resigns from CBS News
Sharyl Attkisson out at CBS
Sharyl Attkisson resigns from CBS after months of talks
Sharyl Attkisson: I was called a troublemaker for pursuing Obama administration scandals
Sharyl Attkisson: There Is Coordination Between Reporters And Politicians
Sharyl Attkisson: When I'd Begin Getting Under Surface of an Obama Scandal, CBS Would Pull Me Off
Shaw removes Nativity scene after protests [Mikey Weinstein on the rampage!]
She Allegedly Went on a Simple Jog in Her Toe Shoes. So Why Did She End Up...in Handcuffs?
She Has a PhD in Kimchi
She Was Moments Away From Taking an Abortion Pill on Advice From the Hospital.
She wanted to convert. She listened to Cardinal Ratzinger and died a Lutheran.
She's no Dutch Prime Minister, but it looks like this blonde could hang w/Obama this Valentines Day
She-Wolf Attacks More Than 10 People in Tiberias Before Shot Dead (VIDEO)
ShePAC: Happy 50th Birthday Governor Palin
Sheen Twitter Rants About "Duck Dynasty" Star
Sheep Born With Human Face in Saudi: Owner
Sheila Jackson Lee Redefines Welfare
Sheila Jackson Lee Thinks the Constitution is 400 Years Old
Sheila Jackson Lee proposes new term for 'welfare' (a "transitional living fund")
Sheila Jackson Lee rewrites ‘Schoolhouse Rock’ on how bills become law
Sheila Jackson Lee says Constitution is 400 years old
Sheila Jackson Lee: We’ve lasted some 400 years operating under the Constitution…
Sheila Jackson Lee: ‘Be prepared’ for immigration protests
Sheila Jackson Lee: ‘We’ll give President Obama a number of executive orders’ to sign
Sheila Jackson lee: us has been operating under Constitution for 400 years
Sheila MacRae of 'Honeymooners' fame dies at 92
Shell Sees Stable Oil Price for 20 Years With Volatility Bursts
Shell casing found at Homer Glen school
Shell joins ranks in fight against climate change
Shell puts pioneering natural gas-based motor oil on store shelves
Shell to slash oil field spending, jobs in the Americas
Shell will not pursue US Gulf Coast GTL project
Shell-Shocked GOP Still Fears Obama
Shenyang designing bomber version of J-31 stealth fighter
Sheperdswell metal detector Greg Sweetman finds valuable Anglo-Saxon artefacts
Shepherds & Kings
Sheriff Dart slams restrictions on concealed-carry background checks
Sheriff Embarrassed over Deputy Indictment
Sheriff Joe Arpaio: 38 Arizona inmates who defaced flag to eat only bread, water
Sheriff Joe Arpaio: Obama’s Deportation Numbers are Bogus (Surprise, Surprise)
Sheriff Joe Remains Unrepentant
Sheriff Joe: Flag-Trashing Inmates Fed Bread, Water
Sheriff looks to black leaders for State Fair help
Sheriff objects to 240 concealed carry applicants
Sheriff rips apart 'Stand Your Ground' defence of ex-cop ....
Sheriff's Office releases reports from judge's DUII arrest after DA declines to prosecute [Oregon]
Sheriff's Office report: Island teacher admitted inappropriate behavior with student
Sheriff's office searching for stray bullet that hit woman in the face (IL)
Sheriff: Colorado gunman wanted to hurt many more
Sheriffs Refuse to Enforce Laws on Gun Control
Sheriffs warn of violence from Mexican cartels deep into interior of U.S.
Sheriff’s Office: Canadian Teen Arrested For Threatening To Cut Arpaio’s ......
Sherry Wright, who is unable to speak following a stroke, was not allowed to board flight
Sherwin the Taxman on Obamacare
Sheryl Sandberg Launches 'Ban Bossy' Campaign to Empower Girls to Lead
Sheryl Sandberg, How About Banning Bossy Billionaires?
She’s a 29er [Obamacare's 29 hour work week disproportionately hurts women]
Shhh. The president is sleeping
Shhh: Embattled Obamacare Official Quietly 'Retires'
Shhh: The Ex-Lesbian Wife Of A Prominent Democrat Says That Homosexuality Is A Choice
Shift: Feds against paper health applications
Shifts in rainfall, not warming pause, slow sea level rise
Ship involved in Antarctic rescue faces trouble (icebreaker stuck)
Ship of Warmist Fools to get bill for rescue !)
Shipping firm first to use drones to navigate Arctic ice
Shipwrecked Man Survives Underwater for Three Days Praying Psalms
Shirley Temple Fan Fulfills Promise to Late Father
Shirley Temple dead at 85
Shirley Temple's Grunge Connection, As Remembered by the Melvins' Buzz Osborne
Shirley student, Kwasi Enin, accepted at all 8 Ivy League schools
Shock Study: Some Soft Drinks Contain Cancer-Causing Chemical
Shock and Outrage as Christian Film Stripped of ‘Best Song’ Oscar Nomination (Video)
Shock: Houston grand jury won’t indict abortionist for twisting heads off newborn babies
Shock: More Black Babies Aborted Than Born Alive in New York
Shock: The new documentary about Mitt Romney looks… really good
Shocked: Mark Levin; Who Is Obama; Frank Marshall Davis Purged; Communist Ties
Shocker: Federal government’s fiscal deterioration almost 5 times official deficit
Shocker: IRS estimates cheapest Obamacare plan $20k per family in 2016
Shocking Allegations Show Harry Reid, Chinese Company Behind Nevada Ranch Standoff (FR Credited)
Shocking Opulence Revealed as Ukraine Leader Flees Home
Shocking Prediction: Part II - The 'Second Phase' Of The Oil Boom Could Eclipse The First
Shocking Prediction: The 'Second Phase' Of The Oil Boom Could Eclipse The First
Shocking Racist Attack on Busker Caught on Camera
Shocking Riot Videos and Pics: Watch Protesters Destroy Armored Vehicle With Molotov Cocktails
Shocking Video: ‘Coven’ of Pro-Abortion Women Attack Church in Argentina
Shocking video leads to local Pizza Hut closing
Shocking video shows Florida woman hand-feeding an ALLIGATOR she named 'Puppy'
Shocking! Gov. Scott Walker might have played politics
Shoe thrown at Hillary Clinton during keynote speech
Shoe-shining benefactor to Children's Hospital to retire after 30 years ($200,000 over 30 years)
Shoot, Shovel and Shut Up
Shooter at Fort Hood name is Ivan Lopez
Shooting 800 Yards with Iron Sights, See Bullet Trail!
Shooting Confirmed at Fort Hood Army Base
Shooting Confirmed at Fort Hood Army Post
Shooting Starts in Crimea as Putin Defends Annexation
Shooting Wisdom From a Pro: “I Carry a Gun ‘Cause a Cop Is Too Heavy”
Shooting at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina Leaves 1 Marine Dead
Shooting at Purdue
Shooting during home invasion was justified, county attorney says
Shooting in the Military Circle Mall
Shooting outside New Jersey strip club leaves 3 dead, 2 injured on Christmas
Shooting reported at University of Oklahoma
Shoplifter lawsuit highlights retail dilemma
Shoplifter takes $750 in underwear from Rock Hill (SC) Victoria's Secret
Shoplifting Incident Prompts Scare At Roosevelt Field Mall
Shoppers Stock Up On Rifles, Shotguns Before California Long Gun Registry Begins
Shopping for Spy Gear: Catalog Advertises NSA Toolbox
Short Hills mall carjacking suspect was a "hustler," but not a violent person, says former neighbor
Short Hills mall carjacking suspects had criminal records ranging from bank robbery to burglary
Short Hills mall carjacking victim mourned at funeral; widow still thankful
Short Hills mall shooting update: 4 men arrested, identified in connection with deadly carjacking.
Short Video: Time Lapse Map Of Every Nuclear Explosion Ever On Earth
Short video of Cuomo protest from NY1
Short-term fix eyed for another problem with U.S. healthcare
Shortage of natural gas has propane prices in Northfield and the Midwest skyrocketing
Shortwave radio is (almost) dead, long live Internet radio (vanity)
Shot fired at press conference about gun violence in Jackson (MS)
Shots Fired as Russian Forces Storm Ukrainian Military Bases in Crimea
Shots Fired: Russia Forces Break Through Ukraine Airbase in Belbek, Crimea
Shots fired at German ambassador's home in Athens
Shots, blasts as Thai protest rivals clash on election eve
Should All Political Parties Embrace Liberal Values? The Left Seems To Think So.
Should America Fight World War Three in Order to Defend Estonia?
Should America's Greatest Patriot, Dinesh D'Souza, Apply For Refugee Status in India?
Should Christians Protest at Abortion Mills?
Should Connecticut allow assisted suicide? (FREEP THIS POLL)
Should Democrats press the public option? (Here comes Single Payer!)
Should False Rape Accusers Be Sued?
Should Israel Trust the United Nations and Yasser Arafat?
Should Neo-Nazis Be Allowed Free Speech?
Should O.J. Simpson be Killed in an Assisted Suicide?
Should Republicans Embrace Universal Healthcare?
Should The UN Be Moved To A Neutral Location? Out Of The U.S., But With One Caveat...
Should Ukraine Have Gotten Rid of Its Cold War Nukes?
Should You Load Five, Or Should You Load Six? (Single Action Basics) [video only]
Should Your Minimum Wage Depend on Your Age? That's how they do it in Australia-Could it work here?
Should all political parties embrace liberal values? The left seems to think so
Should government force businesses to hire felons? Obama nominee Debo Adegbile says yes
Should the Age to Buy Cigarettes Be 21?
Should the Church Consider Reintroducing the Exorcism Prayers in the Rite of Baptism?
Should the President Be Impeached? The Obama Precedent and defunding the IRS.
Should we care if Republicans win elections?
Should we have another party before giving American away?
Should women be serving on the front lines in combat?
Shovel handle key to painless snow removal: researcher
Show of Force or War Preparations?
Showbiz and Politics: Always The Twain Seem to Meet
Showdown in Caracas
Showdown on the range: Nevada rancher, feds face off over cattle grazing rights
Showing How Government Fails
Shredding the layers of the ObamaCare onion
Shrimp Boy says he's been 'ensnared' by racist undercover agents as he..
Shrinkage: Obama’s Second-Term Disaster
Shrinking Arctic Sea Ice Means Scorching US Summers (Conclusions from earlier data)
Shriver Report Is the New ‘War on Women’ Manifesto
Shrum: Yes, Pundits, Hillary Has the 2016 Nomination in the Bag
Shrunken Heads!
Shumlin: 'Don't Quit' On Single Payer Before Work Begins (Vermont RATS are nervous)
Shutdown cost national parks at least $414M
Siberian men cut off own ears after calling arm wrestling match a draw
Sick Again? Why Some Colds Won't Go Away
Sick Benefits Claimant Has HEART ATTACK During Jobcentre Test - and Government Axe His Payments
Sick Hanford workers speak out for first time
Sick Kids Denied Specialty Care Due to Obamacare in Washington
Sick Kids Denied Specialty Care Due to Obamacare in Washington (Not-A-Death-Panel Death Panels)
Sick! Code Pink Leader Says al Qaeda Terrorists No Different than Poor U.S. Street Gang Kids
Sick: DC Abortion Fund rewards donors with a free coat-hanger pendant
Sickened by service: More US sailors claim cancer from helping at Fukushima
Sickening: RINO Rep. Peter King Starts Attack Ted Cruz PAC
Sid Caesar, Comedian of Comedians From TV’s Early Days, Dies at 91
Sid Caesar, Master of TV Comedy, Dies at 91
Sidney Crosby on Sochi and the chance to repeat in Russia
Sierra Club San Diego Chapter Suspended ... by Sierra Club (Trouble In Leftist Paradise?)
Sierra Nevada Dreamchaser Will Launch on First Orbital Flight Test in November 2016
Sierra Vista K-9 now wearing vests
Sigh: No, Obamacare Hasn't Reached 'Five Million Enrollments'
Sign "interpreter" at Mandela's Funeral is not signing in SASL, but using old Racist ANC Gang signs.
Sign Language Interpreter at Mandela's Funeral Made It All Up
Sign for Minimum Wage Diversion Mob
Sign language interpreter at Nelson Mandela memorial 'was a fake who made up his own hand gestures'
Sign the Petition to Demand A&E 'End the Unjust Suspension of Phil Robertson'
Signature Count Begins in Effort to Overturn Calif. Law That Lets Boys Use Girls' Bathrooms
Significant Developments at North Korea’s Sohae Test Facility
Signing up the homeless for health care, one at a time
Signs of Vanished Malaysia Jet? Chinese Satellite Discovery Offers Lead
Signs of earthquake off North Korea prompts nuclear test fears
Sikorsky To Close NY Plant
Silence (So Far) from Democrats on Stimulus Anniversary
Silence costs Marshawn Lynch $50K
Silence of the Left
Silence on Valentine’s Day: With men in the minority on most campuses, they set the mating tone
Silent Nagasaki (“Raw” Footage of the Loading of the Fat Man Bomb)
Silent Technical Privilege: In Technology, My Looks Got Me Everywhere
Silicon Valley and the GOP: Republicans Nurturing False Hopes
Silicon Valley's 'bro culture' locks out many minorities
Silk Road 2.0 'Hack' Blamed On Bitcoin Bug, All Funds Stolen
Similarities between Obama’s America and the old Soviet Union are frightening and growing
Simmons sentenced to one year in jail for 2011 assault
Simon (Peter) Says
Simon's Cat - Smitten: A Valentine's Day Special [video]
Simple Messages about the Folly of Gun Control
Simple education idea turning into a political football (Common Core)
Simulated Conelrad Alert (Spring 1962)
Sinai Jihadis deploy surface-to-air missiles
Sinai attacks: Deadly bombing hits Egypt tour bus
Sinaloa Cartel chief ‘El Chapo’ captured alive, says U.S. official
Since 2000, There Are 29 Percent More Big Banks and 24 Percent Fewer Small Banks
Since Jesus Ate With Sinners, Do I Have to Eat at the Strip Club’s Buffet? (Warning: Photos at link)
Since Oct 2008, 4.6 Million Foreclosures Completed, Foreclosure Inventory Falls 30.6% YoY
Since SAFE Act, NRA Membership Doubles in NY, Becomes Largest State Chapter in Nation
Since When Does Federalism Contain an Exemption for Internet Gaming?
Since when does a chat item need a link?
Singapore shocked by worst riots since 1969
Singapore to buy upgrade for its F-16 fighter jets
Singer Susan Boyle reveals she has Asperger's syndrome, a form of autism
Singer of black metal band 'stabbed to death by fan' for tarnishing Satan
Singing Christmas carols around our table is one joy the secular world can’t take away from us
Single Payer: We´ve Been There, Done That
Single Teen Mom? Texas's Wendy Davis Lied About Life Story
Single-Payer Is Not Dead
Sink or swim: Sweden’s new A-26 next-gen submarine in doubt
Sinkhole at Corvette Museum swallows eight rare Vettes
Sinkhole of bureaucracy
Sinking, Obama plays the race card
Sinners, sex and NFP: My conversation with Simcha Fisher
Sins of Omission
Sir Peter Cosgrove sworn in as Australia's 26th Governor-General (a great day for Australia!)
Sirius XM Announces 'Breitbart News Saturday': Launch Show March 1st with Guests Ted Cruz,
Sirius, UFO trickster extraordinaire
Sister Jane Tells It Like It Is (Liberal Catholics revolt at Charlotte Catholic School)
Sister jailed for flinging peanut butter in argument over dog
Sister likely walked in on killing in East Liberty (Pittsburgh, PA)
Site Cleared Of Homes By Eminent Domain Remains Empty Eight Years Later
Sitting comfortably? You won't be after reading this:
Situation in Ukraine: Captive Colonel Mamchur released
Six Lies The Leftist Media Tells About The Contraception Mandate Cases The media narrative is false
Six Likely Events That Will Follow An Economic Crash
Six Mexican criminals sought in Southmost murder
Six Simple Ways to Nudge Conversions
Six Ways the U.S. is Changing
Six days and counting: The HHS Contraception Mandate gets its time in the Supreme Court
Six in 10 Brits now sleep deprived because of smartphones and computers
Six local guards shot dead so Western round-the-world cyclist could ride through...Pakistan
Six remain in jail after immigration protest at Travis County Jail
Six thugs beat up two hippies in downtown Austin, TX
Six-Year Itch Plagues Presidents in Midterms
Six-figure salary and a buyout create quite a pension [CT]
Six-time Obama voter’s group received Obama administration grant
Six-year-old girl who froze to death outside Minnesota home identified .....
Six-year-old puts the IRS in its place with this letter written in crayon
Sixth Graders' Common Core Homework: Remove Two Rights from Bill of Rights
Sizzling news: Oscar Mayer creates the bacon phone, complete with scent
Skeleton of 2,000-year-old woman unearthed in Davie (Florida)
Skeletons found in mass graves in Somalia
Sketch Released of Suspect Who Punched Los Gatos Woman, May Be Part of 'Knockout Game'
SketchUp's Open-Source 3D-Printable WikiHouse Snaps Together Like Lego Bricks
Skimpy health law plans leave some “underinsured”
Sky Rescue: Flying Medics of Russia's Far North (RT Documentary)
Skydiver And Plane Collision Caught On Camera
Skydiver one off 222 Parachuting Together Dies During Record Bid
Skydiver’s Helmet Cam Captures a Falling Meteor Almost Hitting Him
Slain Danvers teacher’s relatives blast SJC’s teen killer ruling
Slain Sailor Was "Heroic," Jumped in Front of Gunman, Navy Officials Say
Slain slumlords debt helped sink Obama's bank
Slain slumlord’s unpaid debt helped sink Obama’s bank
Slander? Depends Who Says It
Slapped by Expensive Healthcare!
Slashing Fossil Fuel Consumption Comes With A Price
Slaughtered at the altar of government power
Slava Ukraini-Glory to Ukraine
Slavery reparations sought from Britain by 14 Caribbean nations
Slavic Parent Night? Oregon school district segregates parents by race
Slavutych (Ukrainian Command)ship repels attack of armed persons
Slaying Hizballah commander ratchets up Saudi covert war on Iran and Lebanese proxy (Very big kill!)
Sleep Soundly, America: 81-Year-Old Lady Jailed for Feeding Birds
Sleeper issue that could help Dems in 2014: Midterms starting to look a lot less favorable to GOP
Sleeping Or Dead? Fate Of China's Yutu Moon Rover Uncertain
Sleeping Rosetta Spacecraft Wakes Up for Historic Comet Rendezvous and Landing
Slight delay in our first quarter FReepathon -- But Happy New Year, everyone!!
Slight warming of temps may bring relief to drivers stuck on I-35
Slip Sliding Away…
Slip-sliding away: 6 ways Obamacare isn't what it used to be
Slippery stuff: California bill would enshrine state amphibian
Slovenia’s Winter Carnivale Draws a Woolly, Colorful Crowd
Slow growth: What the new normal GDP means for monetary policy, stocks
Slowdown in Global Warming is Apparently a Mirage (only after you "fix" the data)
Slowly They Modernize: A Federal Agency That Still Uses Floppy Disks
Smack! A New Crater Appears on the Moon/ Yutu Rover Update
Small Asteroid 2014 AA Hits Earth
Small Business Group Says NOT A SINGLE MEMBER Has Seen Health-Care Costs Go Down Under Obamacare
Small Businesses Say ACA’s Aggregation Rules Unfair
Small Dogs: Companions on the Road to Extinction
Small Group Of Gun Prohibitionists Booted from Staples HQ [Framingham, MA]
Small Number Of Children In California Get Strange, New Polio-Like Illness
Small Texas Boomtown Might Have Another Chance
Small business lessons that Barack Obama never learned…
Small businesses claim US government stealing their ideas
Smaller companies join move to natural gas vehicles
Smart Gay vs. Dumb Gay
Smart Grid Technology, Now Spreading Across U.S., Will Raise Energy Prices to Reduce Demand
Smart Gun Technology: The new way to confiscate firearms from the law abiding
Smart Guns Are Dumb - And Eric Holder is not exactly brilliant either.
Smart Guns: A Dumb Choice
Smart Meters join ObamaCare in monitoring Florida’s Serfs
Smart Rifle never misses, now comes in semi-automatic form
Smart Saudi Student Gets Full Marks... for the Wrong Answer (Football Suck Up)
Smart cat closes the box like a human
Smartest Kid Ever Sells Girl Scout Cookies Outside a Medical Marijuana Clinic
Smartest Nerd in the Room: Why Melissa Harris-Perry is America's foremost public intellectual...
Smartmatic: All Things Connected (our voting machines are Venezuelan)
Smartphone "Kill Switch" Legislation Proposed
Smarts In Business Is Not About IQ
Smearing Climate Skeptics
Smellin' a Pay Day:Jesse Jackson throws in his 2 nonsensical cents - 'Duck Dynasty'
Smells of Palestine enhance Christmas dramas
Smidgen of Corruption in Christine O'Donnell IRS Case
Smith & Wesson Can Still Defy the Odds
Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation Reports Second Quarter Fiscal 2014 Financial Results
Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation Reports Third Quarter Fiscal 2014 Financial Results
Smith & Wesson in Springfield posts increase in quarterly earnings, sales figures
Smith & Wesson protests California gun law (won’t sell its newest firearm in California)
Smitherman: Texas could break oil record by 2020
Smithsonian Names David Skorton as Its New Director
Smithsonian’s dinosaur hall to close April 28 for five-year renovation
Smoking (The Left's war on cigarettes, love-fest with pot)
Smoking Gun: Disgraced Obama EPA Official Testifies to Anti-Capitalist Plan
Smoking Gun” of LENR: Fleischmann Project results duplicated in one Day
Smoking bag partly clears LaGuardia Airport
Smoking gun in IRS political targeting
Smoking or drinking during pregnancy can make your baby GAY, claims professor
Smokin’ Joe Biden Pierces Republican Hearts Saying Fair Wages Are Good for Business
Snail Slime New Facial Ingredient
Snake Salvation Reality Star Dies From Snake Bite
Snake-Handling Pastor Dies After Bite
Snake-handling Ky. pastor dies from snake bite
Snake-handling preacher killed by rattlesnake
Snapchat stays quiet after 4.6M accounts hacked
Sneak peek: Mayor Ed Lee has a housing solution
Sneed: Obama’s top adviser, Valerie Jarrett, is dating Ahmad Rashad
Sniffing Out the Conservative Rat PACs
Snifter Clink of the Day (Ann Barnhardt salutes Freeper Arthur McGowan)
Sniper Ammunition: Homeland Security Revives The Purchases
Sniper Basics For The SHTF Survivalist
Sniper takes out 6 Taliban militants in Afghanistan — with one bullet
Snow Bengal kitten trying to get a Lab Puppy to bathe him
Snow Blind. When Americans look at Russia, they see what they want to see. And that's dangerous.
Snow Exiting the Northeast as Bitter Cold Invades Much of the U.S.
Snow Leopards Photographed for the 1st Time in Uzbekistan
Snow Test Video We need Science Minded FReepers to figure this out!
Snow Totals Piling Up Fast; 130 Year Old Record Falls ( Philadelphia )
Snow closes roads in Israel, is a source of wonder in Cairo [First in 100 Years!]
Snow in Saudi Arabia – More than 100 photos
Snow, ice cover will boost Great Lakes levels
Snow, ice send South's flagship city reeling [Atlanta can't handle 3 inches of snow]
Snowball Thrown at Officer Draws Felony for Boy, 13, Outrage From Residents
Snowboarder, 29, killed in Jackson Hole avalanche after playing equivalent of 'Russian roulette' on
Snowburst: 5 to 6 feet up north! Lake effect shifting south, Winter Storm Watch for the weekend
Snowden Not Returning to The U.S.
Snowden documents show British digital spies use viruses and 'honey traps'
Snowden gets Nobel Peace Prize nomination from Norwegian MP
Snowden scandal to cost US cloud companies billions
Snowden to German TV: NSA wants to kill me
Snowden: Wasted Surveillance Resources May Have Stopped Boston Bombing
Snowed In? Sign Up (for ObamaCare), Says HHS
Snowed In? Sign Up, Says HHS (Sign up will cost you...)
Snowed-In Tweets Mock ‘So White’ Privilege (#ItsSoWhiteOutside)
Snowing the EPA
Snowstorm Expands: To Impact More Than 110 Million
Snowy Sochi Olympics: 16,000,000 cubic feet of snow stored for games
Snowy owl invasion of US extends to Florida Read more here:
Snowy weather steals the show at NHL’s Winter Classic between Red Wings and Maple Leafs
Snyder to create foundation to provide help for tribal communities
So ... didja' talk it up ?
So Close: House Rejects Obama Budget 413-2
So Far We Have "Lie Of The Year",How About,"Paid Liar Of The Year"?,Who Should Be Nominated?
So Far We Have"FCC Monitors"&"N-Word Monitors".What Next?Fast Food Restaurants?
So How Much Money Will You Make From Writing a Book?
So I'm thinking of travelling
So Janet Yellen Wants Higher Interest!
So Let It Be Written. So Let It Be Made: Why We Need More Biblical Films
So Many Intolerable Lies - Even the U.S. Marines have been corrupted
So Much for Rule of Law
So Norman Rockwell was gay, but not a single nazi was?
So Now The Media Notices Dwayne Stovall
So Pat Sajak has QUITE the sense of humor on Twitter (who knew?)
So WHY EAT Hog Jowl, Black-Eye Peas, Collard Greens and Cornbread on New Year's Day
So What Ever Happened With The Volcano's Disrupting Global Warming?
So Who’s Running Crimea This Morning?
So You Think You're Enrolled In ObamaCare
So You Think You're Smarter Than A CIA Agent
So apparently Glenn Beck, Mark Levin, and Sean Hannity are forming an alliance…
So called Bullet Proof cannot protect us from Terrorist Attacks
So close, yet so far: Rescue boat waits for better weather 28 miles out.
So just how bad is this George Washington Bridge traffic incident?
So much for the GOP Establishment’s “Electability” Argument in Oregon
So much sea ice in Antarctica that a research vessel gets stuck, in summer!
So what did Richard Sherman say to Michael Crabtree? Now we know thanks to ‘Sound FX’
So what if Putin says he wants Alaska back?
So what is everyone's Christmas Eve/Christmas Day Plans?
So you want single payer? Medicare has 375,000 case appeals backlog (And rising...)
So you want to be a nun? [Catholic Caucus]
So, I just want to pull my hair out
So, I was banned from another site. (vanity)
So, I'm a Millennial and a leftist. Zot away (Froggy Mod says "Adieu")
So, I've been gone for a little while -
So, Who 'Built That'--Did It Take A Village, Or Just A Whole Lotta Rosie?
So, Who is the Arab League?
So, sports fans..who's having the worst last three months..Barack Obama or Tony Romo
So, taking liberal logic to it's rational conclusion Obama IS Darth Vader...
So, was evisceration of Brendan Eich “a PR stunt … nothing but a PR stunt”?
SoCal Family Learns Lesson in Forgiveness From Nelson Mandela
SoCal teacher accused of making 10-year-old eat from trash
SocGen: An Economic 'Perfect Storm' Is Brewing
Sochi 2014 - A Crony Capitalism Showcase: “The $51 Billion Xanadu”
Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics wipeouts: In pictures
Sochi 2014: 'Russian women are notoriously sexual. Stop judging us'
Sochi 2014: Mikaela Shiffrin, 18, is poised to be next great American skier
Sochi Gets a Visit from the La Taxa Nostra: All Olympic Medals are Subject to Federal Income Tax
Sochi Is Running Out of Pillows [Also, they banned fishing from toilets]
Sochi Olympics terrorism threat: Three more 'black widow' suspects identified
Sochi Olympics: USA's Davis and White win ice dance gold
Sochi Toothpaste Bomb Plot Ongoing, Sources Say
Sochi Update: Russia to Punish Families of Potential Terrorists
Sochi Winter Games.Already Becoming A Reflection Of Affordable Health-Care Act.
Sochi Winter Olympics Opening Ceremony 'to Hail Stalin Era Industrial Revolution'
Sochi activist to be detained during Olympics
Sochi and The Left's Human Rights Hypocrisy
Sochi city hall orders killing of stray dogs
Sochi games gives chance to 'witness to Christ'
Sochi mayor: We have no gay people — as far as I know
Sochi photos submitted to National Geographic
Sochi yogurt going to NY’s needy… but they don’t want it
Sochi's Long Term Economic Impact: Good Or Bad?
Social Liberalism as Class Warfare
Social Media Hasn’t Enabled Us To ‘Scale’ Friend Capacity, Oxford Study Suggests
Social Security, Treasury target taxpayers for their parents’ decades-old debts
Social conservatives are mobilizing in France, leading to talk of a tea party
Social failure, embodied in an acronym
Social media backlash for Senator Mary Landrieu (Has she signed up for Husseincare 24.5 yet?)
Social networks can help predict gun violence
Social pressures force Tunisia women to fake virginity
Social workers take children from families who overfeed them
Socialism and Electric Cars:
Socialism in Sweden
Socialism, Not Access to Care, Is Obama's Prize
Socialist Candidate Holds Dominant Position in Chile’s Runoff Election
Socialist Hollande Says Taxes are Too High (Did he wake up?)
Socialist Party of America Releases Names of 70 Democrat Members Of Congress Who Are Members...
Socialists and Soros Fight for Article V Convention
Sociologist: 'Fringe Catholics' More Likely Behind JPII Relic Theft
Sodomalatry, America's New Preferred Relgion
Soft X-ray Continuum Radiation from Low- Energy Pinch Discharges in Presence of Molecular Hydrogen
Software Developers Pulled From Oregon Health Insurance Exchange
Software Estimation: How Misperceptions Mean We Almost Always Get It Wrong
Soil: It's Not a Dirty Word
Sola Scriptura – An Unbiblical Recipe for Confusion
Solar Cells Could Help Windows Generate Power
Solar Cells Linked to Greenhouse Gases Over 23,000 Times Worse than CO2 (Warmists very silent)
Solar Flares of 2012/2013 and cold winters
Solar Power No Help During California's Late Peak Winter Hours
Solar Provides 0.2% of Electric Supply--Up From 0.02% Before Obama
Solar activity causes particle storm, delays rocket launch
Solar and Lunar Eclipses in 2014-2015
Solar output correlates with the North Atlantic jet stream over a millennium
Solar project could be start of diversified economy(FLASHBACK)
Solar use will push energy costs up in Mass.
Sold! Right's RedState, Human Events, Regnery gobbled up by Salem
Soldier Killed by Sniper Fire Near Lebanon
Soldier Returns from Afghanistan to Join Son in Cancer
Soldier Suspended for Disrespectful Casket Photos
Soldier shocks son at basketball game (sweet video but blurry monitor warning)
Soldiers Novoozerne base in Crimea refused to swear allegiance to Russia
Soldiers fill empty seats at Nelson Mandela's funeral ...
Soldiers fire on Central African Republic crowd [UN Peacekeepers]
Soldiers mugging around empty casket sparks furor
Soldier’s Target Practice With Air Rifle at His Home Results in School Lockdowns, Arrest at Gunpoint
Solemnity is the order of the day for John Paul II and John XXIII’s double canonization
Solidator 3D Printer Prints Large Objects and Does it Fast
Solutions to Black Education
Somali Muslim Migrants Protest Welfare Reform in Maine
Somali Pirates’ First Hijacking Attempt of 2014 Ends with Arrests
Somalia: Al-Shabab attacks presidential compound
Somalian Islamists Publicly Execute Christian Women
Somaliland leaders want female genitals to be cut
Some Allegiant Air flights canceled after system-wide issues
Some Australian Bishops Suggest Restoring Year-Round Friday Abstinence
Some Biblical Truths
Some California cities seek water independence
Some California state employees now eligible to cash out leave
Some Chinese Malls Have “Husband Storage” Facilities for the Shopping-Averse
Some Christmas music - Mormon Tabernacle Choir (Vanity)
Some Criticize Kennedy for Changing View on Abortion
Some Crocodile Species can Climb Trees: Research
Some Current Headlines from Venezuelan Newspaper El Impulso (The Impulse)
Some Donations in Anti-Gay Tipping Scandal Refunded Via Paypal
Some GREAT food for thought for liberals who think they're the most compassionate Americans
Some Incremental Holiday Levity...
Some News From the Mount Vernon Assembly
Some Obamacare shoppers can pay Jan. 10 for Jan. 1 coverage
Some Parents Upset After L.I. School Removes Religious References From ‘Silent Night’
Some People's Children...(Very NSFW Language)
Some Reid staffers exempt from Obamacare
Some Reid staffers exempt from Obamacare exchanges
Some Republicans (Lindsey Graham) See Racism As a Factor in Immigration Stalemate
Some Republicans Love Obamacare (i.e. FL voters)
Some Saturday morning "eye candy" for classic American hot rod and custom car lovers
Some Sober Reflection on Matrimony, Sexuality and the Family. A Call to Prayer for...
Some Thoughts on the Budget Deal
Some Unions Collapse in Historic Wisconsin Vote
Some details still fuzzy on Obama’s minimum wage for federal contractors (Who pays for that?)
Some great news about Fort Huachuca
Some not excited about Obama visit (Ocean Reef Club)
Some of the New Boys In The Sotero Rehime
Some of the greatest letters you will ever read
Some of what people are saying about the case of Curtis Reeves Jr. (truncated title-barf alert)
Some or All Fears: “Breaking My Heart” post sparks debate (Baltimore)
Some people get switched automatically to more expensive insurance plans under Obamacare
Some pizza delivery drivers arming themselves
Some realities to consider before passing more gun-control bills
Some remarks on the political situation in Ukraine {not as simple as East-West}
Some states look at reviving firing squads amid shortage of execution drugs
Some stuff just doesn't like being shot at
Someday Soon
Someone Needs to Tell Sarah Palin If Obama Were a Dictator, She’d Be In Gitmo
Someone is finally beating Hillary in a 2016 poll
Someone please show this photo of North Korea to Dennis Rodman (not that he'll understand it)
Someone tell me what aircraft this is.
Something Called "The Object" Stops World's Largest Tunneling Machine
Something Incredible Happens When a Citizen Asks MN Dems Simple Obamacare Question
Something Obama and Boehner Finally Agree On ( immigration)
Something Rand Paul, Rick Santorum, and Eric Holder Can All Agree on
Something Special Happens When You Put Dogs in a Photobooth [pix]
Something Stinks in Nebraska - And it ain't the Cattle
Something To Listen To: Country Christmas
Something is rotten in the state of science: How did computer generated gibberish get published?
Something to add to your boycott list (Honey Maid)
Something to smile about: a glimpse of MoveOn Panic Mode
Something's Not Kosher in the State of Denmark
Sometimes Being the Winner Sucks
Sometimes Paranoids Get it Right
Sometimes You've Just Got to Laugh [Joe Bastardi on the weather, Olympics]
Son Of God?
Son getting married on Sunday!
Son of God (CNS Movie Review)
Son of God...Takes off big time!!!
Son of God: In Theaters February 28
Son of Malaysian Airlines captain breaks silence about father
Son of woman killed by deputy speaks (Texas)
Song for Today: "Roads to Moscow" by Al Stewart
Songcoin Wants To Be Music’s Alternative Currency
Songs for the Ages(d)
Sonia Sotomayor Grants ObamaCare Contraception Stay
Sonia Sotomayor issues temporary injunction against HHS contraception mandate
Sons of Divorce, School Shooters
Sony And Panasonic Announce The 1TB Archival Disc
Sony confirms Windows Phone talks with Microsoft: Doesn't want to be a single OS manufacturer
Sony to close two-thirds of US stores
Sony unveils Morpheus, PS4 virtual reality headset
Sony’s Credit Rating Cut To “Junk” By Moody’s
Soo, what did you do when FR was down ? (Vanity)
Soon, you might be able to carry a gun just about anywhere in Georgia
Sooner or later laying down with dogs will get you covered with fleas, ask Notre Dame
Sorcerer Threatens Police With Unleashing ‘Jinn’
Sorority accused of forcing men to eat dog treats
Soros Boasts of Spending $100 Million on U.S. Immigration Reform Push
Soros Took Over our White House – Jarrett Demoted & Plouffe Gone
Soros Trolls Hit Bottom of Barrel
Soros doubles a bearish bet on the S&P 500, to the tune of $1.3 billion
Soros, Dell dragged into Magic Johnson credit card mess
Sorry About Calling You 'Uncle Tom'
Sorry Dan Akerson, GM Bailout is Failure
Sorry GOP, an 'R' Is Not Enough
Sorry, Camille Paglia: Feminism Is the Best Thing That Ever Happened to Men (Just weird)
Sorry, Jeb, we’re not feeling the love
Sorry, Jesse Jackson: South Africa Has Photo ID Voting
Sorry, Joan Walsh — Americans increasingly satisfied with U.S. race relations
Sorry, John 3:16: The Top 10 Bible Verses YouVersion Shared Most in 2013
Sorry, Michele Bachmann. We Are Ready for a Female President. And It’s Partially Because of You.
Sotomayor, Kagan: Hobby Lobby Should Drop Insurance, Pay Penalty and Let Employees Use Exchange
Sotomayor: 'I'm Very Optimistic About The Power of Minorities
Sotomayor: Labeling Illegal Immigrants Criminals Is Insulting
Souls Under The Altar...Rev4-6 pt 14
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich, 9AM-12NOONPM,EST,WTIC AM,December 16-20,2013
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich, WELCOME BACK,M-F,9AM-12NOONPM,WTIC AM,March 4-7,2014
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich,9AM-12PM,M-F,EST,WTIC AM, January 20-24, 2014
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich,M-F,9!M-12AM,EDT,WTIC AM, March 17-21, 2014
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich,M-F,9AM-12NOONPM,
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich,M-F,9AM-12NOONPM,EDT,WTIC AM, March 10-14, 2014
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich,M-F,9AM-12NOONPM,EDT,WTIC AM,March 31-April 4, 2014
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich,M-F,9AM-12NOONPM,EST,WTIC AM, February 3-7, 2014
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich,M-F,9AM-12NOONPM,EST,WTIC AM, January 13-17, 2014
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich,M-F,9AM-12NOONPM,EST,WTIC AM, January 27-31, 2014
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich,M-F,9AM-12NOONPM,EST,WTIC AM, January 6-10,2014
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich,M-F,9AM-12NOONPM,EST,WTIC AM,December 30-January 3, 2013-14
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich,M-F,9AM-12NOONPM,EST,WTIC AM,February 10-14, 2014
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich,M-F,9AM-12NOONPM,EST,WTIC AM,February 18-21,2014
Sound Off Connecticut With Jim Vicevich,M-F,March 24-28,2014,WTIC AM,EDT
Sound familiar? Top Nevada Dem official vows to pursue conservative group
Sound-Off: Can Michelle Obama Get a Break?
Souped-up ground game could be GOP's key to winning Senate
Source: McConnell will vote against budget deal brokered by Paul Ryan
Source: Pope Francis Likely to Offer 'Clarification' to Distance Himself from 'Liberation Theology'
Sources on ground during Benghazi attack slam ex-CIA boss Morell’s testimony
Sources: Brewer Will Veto Gay Discrimination Law
Sources: Philip Seymour Hoffman dead of apparent drug overdose
Sources: Ryan Loskarn dead in suspected suicide (Lamar Alexander aide)
Sources: Volkswagen Seeks Obama Admin’s Help To Unionize Plant, Despite Election Results
Sources: White House Has Killed Iran Sanctions
South Africa hit by intensive blackouts amid power shortages
South Africa in the Shadows
South Africa's Economy: Strangers will not always be so kind
South Africa: Rabbit Discovered in Mandela Statue
South Africa: “One Child Raped Every Three Minutes, Three Children Murdered Each Day.”
South African Communist Party Admits Nelson Mandela's Leadership Role
South African Government Admits Mistake Over fake Mandela Signer
South African Grant "Twiggy" Baker Wins 2014 Mavericks Invitational Surf Contest
South African Jews disappointed with PM (Netanyahu) for opting out of Mandela tribute
South African News eNCA: Memorial Interpreter Once Charged With Murder, Rape, Theft
South African president Jacob Zuma loses support over alleged corruption
South African president Zuma booed at Mandela memorial
South African president Zuma reveals he used to practice witchcraft against white people
South African ‘interpreter’ fake-signed anti-white song, also accused of murder [VIDEO]
South Africa’s Dubious Liberation
South By Southwest: Where Garage Attitude is a Strategic Economic Asset
South Carolina Declares War On Obamacare, Will Vote To Ban State Involvement In Implementation
South Carolina House Panel Passes Bill to Ban Abortions After 20 Weeks
South Carolina Is About To Get Interesting
South Carolina Lawmakers take air at Health Care Law
South Carolina Looking to Pass Bill That Would Eliminate ObamaCare
South Carolina Set to Block Implementation of Obamacare
South Carolina Tea Party Convention Jan 18, 2014
South Carolina Tea Party Slams Huckabee for Supporting Lindsey Graham
South Carolina has pre-filed the COS application
South Carolina maybe the first state to exempt its citizens from Obamacare
South Carolina poised to nullify Obamacare
South Carolina sheriff refuses to lower flag in honor of Nelson Mandela
South Carolina voting on bill to end Obamacare in state
South Carolina's Fight Over ObamaCare Heats Up in State Senate
South Dakota tries to attract firearms business at Vegas trade show
South Floridians Attending President Obama's State of the Union Address [Bias that REEKS!]
South Korea to buy 40 F-35 fighter jets from Lockheed Martin
South Korea's F-15K the best fighter in NE Asia: report
South Sudan Optimistic Of Reaching Ceasefire
South Sudan President Kiir Declares Curfew In Juba As Attempted Coup Fails
South Sudan rebels fire on US military planes, say government officials
South Sudan rebels hold key oil-producing city
South Sudan: Cease-Fire Signed
South Sudan: Khartoum’s Aid to Machar’s Tribal Violence
South Sudan: Rebels Stole 1,700 Tons of Food From Poor
South Sudan: SPLM Supports President Kiir, Accuses Splinters Of Aiding Khartoum
South Sudan: US Military Aircraft Hit By Rebels
South Texas Family Claims to Have Killed the Mythical Chupacabra
South Texas Senate hopeful slammed for racial slur (Cornyn slams Mapp for Wetbacks comments)
South Texas Vote Buyer Convicted in Federal Court
South Texas: The New Hot Spot For Illegal Crossing
South and Midwest blasted by bitter Winter storm as snow and ice grounds hundreds of flights
South by Southwest goes on after crash kills 2
South by Southwest: Arrest in deadly vehicle crash
South by Southwest’s unpaid labor problem: Why it’s risking a class action lawsuit (3000 unpaid)
South struggles back to normal as officials point fingers after snowstorm
Southern California Prepares for "Largest Rain Event" in Three Years
Southern Discomfort: U.S. Army seeks removal of Lee, ‘Stonewall’ Jackson honors
Southern Environmental Law Center: Stop your assault on Cape Hatteras, NC
Southern Football
Southern Hospitality Amid a Storm of Controversy
Southern Illinois' basketball team is stuck in snow
Southern Poverty Law Center's Criteria for Naming 'Hate Groups' Subpoenaed
Southwest Airlines Plane Lands At Wrong Airport, Almost Careens Off Cliff
Southwest Airlines flight lands at wrong Mo. airport
Southwest flight lands at wrong Missouri airport
Southwest passenger screams for booze, throws gang signs 'for Jesus' [FBI investigating.....]
Southwestern-Style Spear Throwers Identified in the Ozarks
Sovaldi's Terrific Launch (Gilead's Hep C drug, perhaps biggest seller ever)
Soviet Communism Was an Unmitigated Disaster, Not a 'Pivotal Experiment'
Soviet Russia is Alive and Well in Sochi
Soviet Strategy for Conquest of South Africa
Soviet Super-Sub Was a Dead Fish in Combat (Alfa Class)
Soviet Sweden? Model Nation Sliding to Third World
Soviet roots of the anti-Israeli Christ at the Checkpoint campaign
Soviet tanks, jeeps,etc. for sale (Mortarinvestments.com)
Sowell: A New Year and Old Problems (Obamacare)
Sowell: A Tiger of a Book
Sowell: Another Galling Betrayal
Sowell: Christie, Hillary and Obama
Sowell: Christmas Books
Sowell: Cruz Control?
Sowell: Cruz Control? Part II - GOP leaders ignore his appeal at GOP's own peril
Sowell: Fact-Free Liberals
Sowell: Fact-Free Liberals: Part II
Sowell: Fact-Free Liberals: Part III
Sowell: Fact-Free Liberals: Part IV
Sowell: Facts and Factions
Sowell: Freedom Is Not Free
Sowell: Hit Piece Journalism
Sowell: How Foreign Is Our Policy?
Sowell: How Foreign Is Our Policy?: Part II
Sowell: Politics Versus Education
Sowell: Random Thoughts
Sowell: Republicans and Blacks
Sowell: Republicans to the Rescue?
Sowell: The 'Fairness' Fraud
Sowell: The 'Trickle-Down' Lie
Sowell: The Inequality Bogeyman
Sowell: The Left Versus Minorities
Soylent Green Really Is People
Soylent Green becoming a reality?
Soyuz TMA-12M docking delayed following problematic burn
Space Exploration: American Freedom, Power, Leadership, and Exceptionalism
Space rock to blot out light from prominent star
Space station computer outage may force spacewalk
SpaceX Confirms Cargo Mission Launch From Cape
SpaceX Set to Launch the World’s First Reusable Booster
SpaceX Unveils Gorgeous Rocket Legs for Space Station Launch on March 16
SpaceX Webcast - Thaicom6 Falcon 9 Launch Success!
SpaceX on pace for mid-March launch to space station
SpaceX ready to launch first Falcon 9 rocket of the year
Spacewalk, Or Backup Valve? NASA Works The Space Station Cooling Problem
Spain Rules Catalonia Independence Referendum "Unconstitutional"
Spain Says Catalonia Can’t Vote for Independence, But Catalans Will Go Ahead Anyway
Spain approves new restrictive abortion law
Spain arrests eight over global bank cyber heists
Spain grants right of dual nationality to Sephardi Jews
Spain to force search engines to pay to display some conten
Spain's new cardinal says homosexuality a 'defect'
Spain's pro-life bill hailed as growing European trend
Spain:Muslim Groups Demand Citizenship for Millions(Based on Law for Citizenship of Expelled Jews)
Spain’s King Juan Carlos told Britain: ‘We don’t want Gibraltar back’
Spanier sues prosecutors, seeks dismissal of case (Kathleen Kane Sued)
Spanish Cardinal-elect: ‘not an insult’ to call homosexuality a psychological disorder
Spanish Homosexualists Launch Criminal Complaint Against Cardinal-Elect
Spanish man dies while taking selfie on top of train
Spanish prosecutor to investigate Cardinal-elect for calling homosexuality ‘defective’
Spanish team in Egypt finds 3,600-year-old mummy
Spanish, Egyptian Archaeologists Make Discovery That Changes Chronology of the Pharaohs
Spanish-language Obamacare website is written in 'Spanglish'
Sparkling Rare 29.6-Carat Blue Diamond Discovered in South Africa
Spartanburg Sen. Lee Bright Has $1.4 Million Debt From Business (SC)
Spc. Ivan Lopez And PTSD: Is There A Link Between Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder And Violence?
Speak English or lose benefits: Cameron to stop payouts to immigrants who use taxpayer-funded tr
Speak, Fido: Device Promises Dog Translations
Speaker Boehner Comments on the Criminal Referral For Lois Lerner
Speaker Boehner invites Pope Francis to address Congress
Speaker Boehner, find the courage to establish a Benghazi select committee
Speaker Boehner, install a select committee on Benghazi now.
Speaker DeLeo (Mass.) vows to fix law after ruling says ‘upskirting’ is legal
Speaker John Boehner: Any immigration legislation would be difficult to pass this year
Speaker Straus the Biggest Loser in House Primary Races
Spear-Wielding Man Shot, Killed By Sheriff’s Deputies In Canyon Country
Special Beers Honor Slain Officers, Assist Families
Special Benefits for Tyrants in the UN
Special Election last night: Dem gets crushed in district Obama won by 10 points (Virginia)
Special Forces Operative Reveals The Osama Bin Laden Raid Was A Lie
Special Interests Co-opting Free Trade Agreement
Special MA election for Congress this Tuesday.(Dec.10th)
Special Operations Marines training in New Orleans area
Special Ops Goes Global
Special Prophecy Teaching - January 5th, 2014 (Dispensational Caucus)
Special Report - Chinese military's secret to success: European engineering
Special Report: Girl harbored dark secret, fearing she'd be sent away
Special Report: How Fed policy enriches private equity, if not workers
Special Report: Lost hooves, dead cattle before Merck halted Zilmax sales
Special Report: The Martini Pope
Special Report: The Status of the Tea Party Movement Part One: The Tea Party in 2013
Special Report: The U.S. government lab behind China's nuclear power push
Special Senate Election: Cooper Defeats Rockwell
Special election hangover for House Democrats brings consternation over shrinking majority
Special election suggests Dems’ remaining grip on Arkansas is crumbling
Spectacular photos of fireworks weaponry from the Ukraine protests
Specter of welfare state jolts Democrats; CBO hits election pitches for jobs
Speech KO'd: The perils of legislating against hate
Speech on the North Atlantic Treaty-Robert Taft, 1949
Speechwriter: Obama Didn’t Lie About ObamaCare, He Just Didn’t Understand How It Worked
Speed Riding
Speed can be a drag on oil output
Speedy Glaciers Trample Multiple Ice-Age Theories (article)
Speier: Lois Lerner Just a 'Mid-Level Bureaucrat' -- 'No Connection to the White House'
Spencer and Geller Banned from Britain for Supporting Israel
Spending Deal Continues Funding USDA Program to Promote Food Stamps to Illegal Aliens
Spending deal leaves 90 percent of veteran pension cuts in place
Sperm, Craigslist, Lesbians and Welfare: What Could Go Wrong?
Spiegel Online slashes English section
Spike Lee Demands Caucasians “Get Outta” Black Neighborhoods
Spike Lee Gets Brutally Honest When Discussing Gentrification in Brooklyn
Spike Lee explains expletive-filled gentrification rant
Spike Lee rants about gentrification - New York's black culture being erased by white residents
Spike Lee visits Tech as education advocate[channels Bill Cosby]
Spike Lee’s Racism Isn’t Cute: ‘M—–f—– Hipster’ Is the New ‘Honkey'
Spike in Harm to Liver Is Tied to Dietary Aids (supplements)
Spike in mass shootings creates demand for different police approach
Spill didn’t cause pump price spike some had feared {Houston Ship Channel}
Spinning ObamaCare (without mentioning it)
Spinning White House Yarns and Iranian Nukes
Spinoffs from Spyland: How America’s eavesdropping agency commercializes technology
Spirit Airlines Mocks Obama-Schmidt Photo: 'Sometimes A Selfie Makes A Wifey Angry' [PHOTO]
Spirit Airlines makes fun of Hussein- Great!
Spiritual ED
Spitzer caught sucking Lis Smith’s toes in topless hot tub romp
Spitzer gal pal in Twitter war with NY political pro
Split-Second Justice as U.S. Cracks Down on Border Crossers
Spoiler Alert: Budweiser’s 2014 Super Bowl Ad Is Pretty Good
Spoiler Alert: Olympics Ladies Figure Skating
Spoiler Alert: Olympics Men's Hockey Result: Russia vs. Finland
Spoiler Alert: Olympics Men's Hockey: USA vs. Czech
Spokesman hired by Cardinal Dolan leaves USCCB
Spokeswoman: 2 killed in shooting at Naval Station Norfolk; base briefly put on lockdown
Spooked Democrats Distance Themselves From Obama
Sport Science: CenturyLink Field (Seahawk's stadium designed to be loud)
Sports radio hosts blast player for taking paternity leave rather than playing baseball
Spot The Real Liquidity Bubble
Spot coal price trends vary across key basins during 2013
Spot the Black Dummies
Spot the predator: Would YOU be able to tell if a snow leopard was stalking you?
Spot where Schumacher is believed to have suffered ski injury
Spring Break: Mrs. Obama Visiting China With Daughters and Mother
Spring Clean Government
Spring Cleaning Tips to Put Your Financial House in Order
Spring Is Here.So What Is The "Global Warming Forecast"Regarding Tornadoes&Hurricanes?
Spring ahead: 2014 Daylight Saving Time means time to turn the clocks forward.
Springfield gets ugly
Springsteen Guitarist: ObamaCare 'Almost Worthless'
Springtime Observations On Obamacare
Sprint Accused of Overcharging Feds Millions for Wiretapping Expenses (Link Only)
Sprint closing Overland Park call center; 200 employees will lose jobs
Sprinting Towards Gomorrah
Spy Agencies Scour Phone Apps for Personal Data
Spy Jonathan Pollard to be Released by US as Israel and Palestine Extend Peace Talks
Spy-target Netanyahu uses ‘gestures’ and ‘codes’ in sensitive discussions (no phone,email,computer)
Spying by N.S.A. Ally Ensnared U.S. Law Firm
Square Market Accepts Bitcoin
Square Poll: San Franciscans Don't Tip Well
Squeak! Ancient Helium Escaping from Yellowstone
Squeegee People
Squirrel Blamed for San Jose Power Outage
Squirrels are the true threat to America’s infrastructure
Sriracha hot sauce shortage begins after sales halted (Nanny State Alert)
St Francis Xavier, A Fiery Apostle [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
St Patrick's Confession (The Words of the Real Patrick)
St Patrick's Day: Guinness drops parade sponsorship over gay rights
St Petersburg village transformed into warzone as Siege of Leningrad re-enacted by historians..
St. Ambrose: Strangest Life Story Ever? (8 things to know and share)
St. Barbara, Virgin and Martyr (Catholic & Orthodox Caucus)
St. Catherine of Siena: Even Demons Are Repulsed By Sins Against Nature
St. Gabriel of Our Lady of Sorrows: Patron of Handgunners
St. Gemma Galgani's Adoration of Jesus in the Blessed Sacrament (Catholic/Orthodox Caucus)
St. John Chrysostom on Keeping a Fast
St. John Fisher on Why Christians Should Frequently Pray the Seven Penitential Psalms [Ecumenical]
St. Josemaria’s 17 Signs of a Lack of Humility
St. Joseph Monastery Closing After Over 160 Years
St. Joseph, Model of Sanctity in Family Life (Catholic/Orthodox Caucus)
St. Louis Park man gets $125,000 after fight with off-duty Mpls. cop
St. Louis to DC, Philly: Major Travel-Disrupting Snow Looms
St. Pat's Festivities Kick Off Amid Tensions in US
St. Paul School Records Show Light Punishment for Serious Violations
St. Paul couple try to save flat-screen TV as apartment burns
St. Paul teachers union sets Feb. 24 strike vote
St. Pete clerk mistakes dead woman for April Fools mannequin
St. Pete police shoot German Shepherd while trying to apprehend a man
St. Tammany authorities say Covington attorney received drugs for payment of legal services
Staffer reflects on aborted children: “We would put them down a flushing toilet”
Staffer(conflict-resolution specialist) knocked unconscious at Bartram High(Philadelphia)
Staffers: Lack of African-American Women 'Decision-Makers' in Kentucky Behind Arnold Ethics Verdict
Stagnant wages not holding back US economic growth
Stain-Resistant White Jeans? Welcome to the Future.
Stalinist Lawlessness: Companies Must Swear to IRS They Didn´t Fire Employees Because of Obamacare
Stamp prices to increase Sunday
Stan Kroenke buys 60 acres in L.A.
Stan Lee Named as One of Forbes' Most Influential Celebrities for 2014(Lee Beats out Rush)
Stand Your Ground Could Spark Boycott (Sharpton, Trayvon's parents, etc.)
Stand up and cheer, all is not lost!
Stand up for true English!
Stand with President Obama on spending
Stand with Ted Cruz Against Iran Making a Terrorist its UN Ambassdor
Standardized Absurdity: A Preview of Common Core Testing, Part 1
Standardized Absurdity: A Preview of Common Core Testing, Part 2
Standing Up Against Wealth-Shaming
Standing With Matt Bevin
Standing at the Summit
Standing at the Summitt
Standoff: Dog Attempts to Pass Cat in Hallway
Stanford Libraries online archive expands access to French Revolution treasures
Stanford Traditional Marriage Event Deemed ‘Hate Speech,’ Denied Funding
Stanford law prof: Second Amendment is about restricting gun rights
Stanley Furniture Closing Robbinsville Plant (North Carolina)
Staples to Shutter 225 North American Stores
Staples to shut 225 stores in North America as sales fall
Staples to shutter 225 stores as sales move online
Star Spangled Banner As You've Never Heard It
Star Trek actress Kate Mulgrew denies willing involvement in geocentrism documentary
Star Tribune: Al Franken at 44% against opponents (…they muttered, darkly).
Star Wars-style laser shield aims to protect all of Israel from short-range rockets.
Star-Ledger Announces Big Staff Reductions (Democrat corporate owners greed alert)
Starbucks CEO Donates $30M to Help U.S. War Veterans
Starbucks Customer Claims Barista Gave Her Satanic Latte Art
Starbucks Customers Break 1,000 in Pay-It-Forward Record
Starbucks sends brewer cease and desist letter for selling Frappucino-like beer
Starbucks to Dumb Starbucks: Don't use our trademark
Starbucks' new app will allow tips
Stars come out for Michelle Obama's birthday party
Start your Sunday off right with these 12 Good Christian memes and images
Start-up purchases controversial cold fusion nuclear reactor E-cat - Let's see if it works
Startling: Every Government Agency Is Aggressively Pushing Obama’s Agenda
Starvation Cannibalism at Jamestown
State (CT) Requiring Heath Insurers To Cover Gender Transition (Barf up a Lung Time)
State Board of Ed. Encourages Schools to Include Cesar Chavez into Social Studies Curriculum-MI
State Board of Education Member Interjects Herself Into Negotiations Between Union, Charter School
State Caves a bit on Benghazi; still avoids Egypt Link
State Controlled Media Propaganda Machine Offers The Rehabilitation of Hillary Clinton
State Debt Report Reveals $5.1 Trillion in Debt Among the 50 States
State Democratic Chair Weds his Partner as Dozens of Gay Couples Marry in Utah
State Department Buys Million Dollar Granite Sculpture from Irish-Born Artist
State Department Daily Press Briefing March 7, 2014 (Medea Benjamin in Egypt)
State Department Insures Artwork for $200M
State Department Misplaced $6B Under Hillary Clinton
State Department Priorities Debated
State Department designates 3 Ansar al Sharia organizations, leaders
State Department issues updated travel alert amid rising terror concerns in Sochi
State Department names groups behind Benghazi strike
State Department splurged on booze before partial shutdown
State Department's travel advisory could impact Team USA
State Department: 60% of Afghan Girls Are Married Before 16
State Department: Attacks on Kerry Are Unacceptable
State Department: Kerry ‘Frustrated’ by Claims He’s Anti-Israel
State Department: Sexual Abuse of Boys on the Rise in Afghanistan
State Dept on back foot over $1 mln sculpture
State Dept. Creating Arctic Ambassador Post
State Dept. Finds No Environmental Objections Keystone XL Construction; Will Obama Approve it?
State Dept. Warns Against Ukraine Travel, Promotes Ukraine Travel
State Dept. Webcast Features Guest Who Called Clarence Thomas, Condi Rice 'Uncle Toms'
State Dept. whistleblower has email hacked, deleted
State Dept.: Not Building Keystone Pipeline Could Increase Greenhouse Gas Emissions
State Dep’t Spends $150K On ‘Black Arch’ Mecca Art—‘An Endless Multiplying Energy Field’
State Duma adopts documents on Crimea’s joining the Russian Federation
State Duma to approve laws on Crimea’s accession to Russia quickly – lawmaker
State Duma to hold extra session March 20 to ratify re-unification treaty with Crimea
State Fiscal Condition: Ranking the 50 States
State GOP chair confirms Djou congressional run (Hawaii update)
State Health Director only person that said she saw “typewritten Obama birth certificate” was killed
State Lawmakers Assemble at Mount Vernon to Discuss a Constitutional Convention
State Legislators Article V Caucus
State Legislators Compelled To Outlaw Tormenting Children For Chewing Food Into Vague Gun-Shapes
State Legislators discuss Convention of States at Mount Vernon Assembly
State Mottos
State Of The Union Bingo (Five free cards for the show!)
State Of The Union.So Will Barry Take Credit For Jobs Created By Red State Governors?
State Passes Law to Legalize Shooting Police (Indiana)
State Paying $860 Million In Select Tax Incentives, Subsidies
State Rep: School Districts Willfully Violating Law Should Face 'Criminal Charges'
State Sen. Glenn Grothman plans to challenge U.S. Rep. Tom Petri (Wisconsin)
State Sen. Leland Yee indicted on arms trafficking, corruption charges
State Sen. Lisa Boscola kicked out of Harrisburg bar (Dems getting violent)
State Sen. Ron Calderon, Brother Indicted On Public Corruption Charges
State Senate Gun Control Advocate Charged with Gunrunning
State Still Underfunding Teacher Pensions
State Sued for Discrimination; Won’t Hire Illegal Alien Who Used Fake SS
State TV says Russia could turn US to 'radioactive ash'
State Trooper Recalls Christmas Eve (Bob Welsh)
State Will No Longer Send Water Down From Northern Calif.
State agrees to compensate raped sex workers
State can seize your assets to pay for care after you’re forced into Medicaid by Obamacare
State efforts to block Obamacare are working, study finds (Blame Obamacare failure on the states)
State enrollment among Latinos low, but Santa Cruz County focused on population
State files to change Medicaid policy to recover only long-term care costs [WA]
State leaders closely watch migrating millionaires
State legislatures advance bills which will legally “gut” ObamaCare
State lowers bar on math proficiency test ( Nevada )
State of Jefferson Meeting (NorCal FReeper alert)
State of Oil and Gas: We're Creating the Jobs
State of the Coup Alternatives
State of the Coup Overview: A Huge Disconnect Between Washington and Us
State of the Union 2014
State of the Union 2014: Obama calls for ‘year of action’
State of the Union Cancelled – Will Air Reruns of Previous Speeches Instead
State of the Union Drinking Bingo Phrases
State of the Union Preview: "President Obama Wanted You to Know This"
State of the Union draws 33.3 million viewers, lowest since 2000
State of the Union guests: ‘Duck Dynasty’ star Willie Robertson
State of the Union: Why Bother?
State releases 2014 ACA premiums comparison sheet (Hawaii)
State rep. J.P. Miranda, sister released from custody, face court date soon
State says murder suspect [male "pastor"] planned to wed boyfriend
State says murder suspect planned to wed boyfriend
State sells Iberville farm to Russian company for $12M
State to Revisit Fertilizer Plant Project
State to buy tinfoil hats to combat Common Core (This is the GOP's opinion of us!)
State to same-sex domestic partners: You’re about to be married
State trooper can't have gun while off duty due to mental health record, Pa. court rules
State university tells workers to stay home and charges them a vacation day
State's corruption risk report card
State: 'Core al Qaeda' didn't plan Benghazi
Statehouse spotlight: Six issues to watch this session
Statement by President George W. Bush on the Passing of President Nelson Mandela
Statement by the North Atlantic Council (short title)
Statement by the President on South Sudan (45 US Troops sent in)
Statement by the Prime Minister of Canada in Jerusalem
Statement from Fisher More College President Michael King re: Dr. Taylor Marshall
Statement from Gov. Inslee on announcement of President Obama’s visit to SR 530 slide April 22
Statement from the President on the Senate’s Failure to Confirm Debo Adegbile
Statement of Archbishop Shevchuk in Response to Government Threat (Ukraine)
Statement of Religious Leaders on Recent Anti-Methodist Comments
Statement of the South African Communist Party on Nelson Mandela (Yep, he was a commie)
Statement on Faith Traditions and Immigration Policy: A Jewish Perspective Senate Judiciary..
Statement regarding Attorney General request to intervene in Peruta case – Chuck Michel
Staten Islanders file civil rights complaint against Bayonne Bridge project
States Circumvent Food Stamp Cutbacks; Draconian Cuts "Much Ado About Nothing"
States Consider Firing Squad as Alternative to Lethal Injection
States Struggle to Add Latinos to Health Rolls
States With the Best (and Worst) Schools
States With the Highest Gas Prices
States brace for clash between utilities, solar advocates
States consider reviving old-fashioned executions
States eye return to firing squads, electric chairs
States look to rein in government surveillance
States looking at $0 community college tuition
States probing massive data breach of Social Security numbers
States retaliate against ObamaCare website developers, halt payments
States seek right to ask new voters for proof of citizenship
States to lose $415 million in oil and gas royalties over decade from budget deal(Mnt. West States)
States work around Obamacare to help undocumented immigrants
Stateside Tricare Service Centers Closing April 1 link can't be posted see body
Statewide Offices Results (IL Primary)
State’s health-insurance exchange site remains down (Curt Kwak)
State’s transportation budget is headed the wrong way(MN)
Station Offering Gas for $1.98 a Gallon for ‘Dallas’ Series Premiere
Stations of the Cross {Catholic Caucus] (Prayer)
Statistical Improbability Of 1 in 2.7 billion
Statistics Canada failing to tell whole story about Canada’s job market, CLC says
Statistics: 49% of black men arrested by age 23 (but only 16% of black women)
Status Quo - Pictures Of Matchstick Men 1968(video 3min)
Staubach: Draft Manziel over Clowney
Stay cool, Sasha! First daughter cuts a stylish figure in shades as the Obamas visit Great Wall
Stay warm out there! Obama soaks up the sun as Snowzilla storms up the East Coast
Stay, Mr. Hannity, Stay [spoof from Jon Stewart re Hannity relocating]
Staying Out of Other People's Wars
Stealth jet 'set for maiden flight' (China)
Steel Manufactured in Scotland 2,500 Years Ago
Steele: Many Republicans Getting 'Fed Up' With How GOP Presents Itself
Steelworkers' president scores GOP for racist attacks on Obama
Steep market selloff continues weak 2014 for stocks, Dow tumbles over 300 points
Steinitz: Lapid is Like Mandela's Sign Language Interpreter
Steinmeier: Israeli settlements hurt peace (Germany’s foreign minister)
Stem cells made quickly in acid in possible game-changing technique
Steny Hoyer: White House Should Give Women Equal Pay
Step Aside Eddie Van Halen, This 11-Year-Old Guitar Prodigy is Ready to Rock Your Cradle
Stepdad beats toddler, mother charged with neglect
Stephanopoulos Grills Kerry: Is There Any Indication Putin Is Listening to Obama At All?
Stephen A. Smith: Ostracizing Black Conservatives "Makes Absolutely No Sense Whatsoever"
Stephen Blackwood: ObamaCare and My Mother's Cancer Medicine
Stephen Colbert accused of racist joke, spawns #CancelColbert
Stephen Colbert is 'front-and-center' pick to replace Dave Letterman as Late Show host
Stephen Colbert to Replace David Letterman
Stephen Colbert, Racist: The unfunny “comedian” mocks Asians and calls it satire.
Stephen Colbert’s Politically Incorrect Joke on Twitter Has People Calling Show to Be Cancelled
Stephen Halbrook’s Masterful History of Nazi Gun Control Measures
Stephen Harper praises Ariel Sharon as ‘architect’ of Israel
Stephen Harper vows loyalty to Israel in speech to Knesset [25 min. You Tube video]
Stephen Hawking stuns physicists by declaring ‘there are no black holes’—says there are GREY ones
Stephen Kim [State Dept official] pleads guilty in Fox News leak case
Stephens: Anatomy of a Feckless Presidency
Stephens: How Obama 'Gets Things Done'
Stern Israeli airport security measures questioned
Steve Forbes on the The Tax Code: Make It Flat
Steve Jobs biopic pops up on Netflix
Steve King Was Right: 12-Year Old Busted Smuggling Drugs Across the Border
Steve King: GOP Leaders May Push Amnesty During Lame-Duck Session
Steve King: Illegal Immigrants Kill Americans Every Day
Steve King: The result of immigration reform will be more dead Americans
Steve LaTourette's SuperPAC spends $44K to oppose his successor's Tea Party challenger: Matt Lynch
Steve Martin Apologizes for Racist Joke, Deletes Tweet
Steve Martin Posts Racist Tweet, Promptly Apologizes
Steve Stockman Claims He's A "Victim" After His Mugshot Appears In Campaign Ads
Steve Stockman Mystery Deepens
Steve Stockman is a loose cannon - be very afraid
Steve Stockman rips press over MIA claim
Steve Stockman won’t go away (moderate worried)
Steve Stockman: Liberal tears gun lubricant
Steve Stockman: ‘We’re the David Against Goliath’ in Cornyn Senate Fight
Steven D. Greydanus Reviews ‘Noah’(National Catholic Register)
Steven Hayes, Death Row Inmate, Found Unresponsive in Connecticut Cell
Steven Seagal Backs Russia's Crimea Annexation, Considers Putin His 'Brother'
Steven Seagal says he may run for Ariz. governor
Steven Spielberg to Honor President Obama at USC Shoah Gala
Stevens Cabled Washington: CIA Says ‘AQ [Al Qaeda] Training Camps Within Benghazi’
Stew for dinner, cramped bunks...Titanic II plans to turn third class into an 'adventure holiday'
Stewart Laughs in Pelosi’s Face After She Admits She Doesn’t Know Why Obamacare Site Failed
Steyn on Speech [NRO Attack on Steyn]
Steyn, Steorts, GLAAD, Newhart, Suits, Deniers [War at National Review NOW]
Stick of Fear
Sticker shock may await health insurance buyers
Sticking Your Neck Out (ICR article)
Stifling American Determination to Succeed
Stigmatizing depression a dangerous trend
Still Mad As Hell (Childless Spinster? Why Am I Not Surprised?)
Still More on the SOTU: Gumdrops, Lollipops, Rainbows and Sugar daddies
Still My Tongue Tied
Still One Nation Under God (Dr Ben Carson Article)
Still Unconvinced, Home Buyer? Check Out the View From the Drone
Still Undecided on Fracking, Cuomo Won’t Press for Health Study’s Release
Still Willing To Take A Ride Into Outer Space With NASA After This Global Warming Message?
Still awaiting blowhard O'Reilly's proof...
Still on Windows XP? Here’s Some Bad Advice
Still out there and growing -- al Qaeda on the rebound, experts say
Still-silent shepherds [Christian Leaders Silent on Abortion]
Stillwater asks that festival name be changed because of 'vulgar reference'
Stimulus 'Averted Another Great Depression'
Stimulus Worked as Intended! (Guest Post)
Stirring the Ashes: Outdoor Smoking Bill Rekindles Smoking Ban Debate
Stock Futures Rise as Traders Eye Data
Stock Futures Shake Off Weak China Data
Stock Market Drop: Here’s Why the Emerging Markets Crisis of 2014 is a Red Herring
Stock caution urged as margin debt levels hit new highs
Stock chart for Smith & Wesson Holding Corp and Sturm, Ruger for the last 5 years.
Stocking Trout Is An Icy Business This Year (Ice in CT lakes and streams)
Stockings The Cat Will Cute-Bomb You With His Backward Legs And Inspirational Story [Photos & Video]
Stockman Slams Cornyn's Bloomberg Bill
Stockman Will Primary Cornyn
Stockman campaign sends fiery tweet alleging Cornyn is a big fat liar
Stockman issues serious challenge to Cornyn in Texas senate race
Stockman not running for re-election, will challenge Cornyn [within hours Cornyn strikes back]
Stockman returns from official State Department tour, backs Israel, exposes media bias
Stockman slams Cornyn’s Bloomberg Bill
Stockman sues Cornyn SuperPac for false statements
Stockman sues Cornyn super PAC for false statements (Rove working for Cornyn)
Stockman walks out of State of the Union
Stockman, Miller bill restores veteran gun rights
Stockman, in NY for another Bitcoin event, skips more votes in House
Stockman: Budget deal a 'joke and betrayal (Video Rick Santelli)
Stockman: I Won’t Put Party Before Country
Stockman:“John Cornyn is treating Ted Cruz’s back like his own personal cutlery holder,”
Stocks Drop 4% From Their All Time Highs And This Happens....
Stocks Make Thin Gains Early; First Solar, CF Industries Surge
Stocks Spike Back to the Front
Stocks derailed by high-flyers; worst day since 2011 for Nasdaq
Stocks ends 2013 with bang; Dow up most since ‘95
Stocks fall sharply on weaker-than-expected claims and retail data
Stocks hit by biotech; triple-digit fall for Dow, Nasdaq off 2 percent
Stocks hit hard as China worries deflect US data; Dow tumbles 200 pts
Stocks plunge in U.S., Dow sinks 318 points
Stocks sink on Fed, emerging market fears
Stocks slump on Janet Yellen's rate hike remark
Stocks unravel after factory report; Dow sinks 300-plus points
Stocks up after Yellen remarks; debt ceiling news
Stockton Doomed to Another Bankruptcy
Stolen Credit Card Numbers
Stolen Enterprise rental Mustang has woman facing $47K bill
Stolen European passports on missing plane
Stolen F-35 Secrets Now Showing Up in China’s Stealth Fighter
Stolen Nativity Statue Discovered with Razor Wire Protest Sign
Stolen Stradivarius violin found in suitcase in Milwaukee attic
Stolen Stradivarius violin likely still in Milwaukee, ex-FBI expert says (UPDATE)
Stolen Stradivarius violin’s owner relieved Frank Almond not badly hurt
Stolen Sweets: Search Continues For Truck Filled With Hershey’s Chocolate
Stolen Target customer data is flooding the black market
Stolen classic car returned 30 years later in pristine conditions (57 CHEVY)
Stolen passports on Malaysia flight used before, Chinese firm says
Stolen prosthetic arm discovered in a second hand shop in Bournemouth
Stolen tires from police unit goes viral
Stomach illness that hit 83 people on cruise ship may be linked to norovirus
Stone Age harpoon found on Pacific island
Stone Mountain Woman is Georgia Winner of $648 million Mega Millions Jackpot
Stonewall: State ordered Benghazi security firm to avoid media
Stop Beating a Dead Fox
Stop Being Poor: It worked for America.
Stop Being Stupid!
Stop Disarming Our Soldiers
Stop Eating Meat and Cheese
Stop Homofascism is on FACEBOOK
Stop Lying About Israel and Bethlehem
Stop Me Before I Shop in a California Emporium
Stop Saying “That’s So Gay!”: 6 Types of Microaggressions That Harm LGBTQ People
Stop Spammers - A Wordpress Blogger's Best Friend
Stop Worrying About Fukushima Radiation! (Discovery News YouTube video)
Stop blaming EU for your migrant problems: Top Eurocrat accuses (UK) PM of ‘distorting facts’
Stop fretting about 3-parent embryos and get ready for “multiplex parenting”
Stop reporting enrollment and start reporting policies in force
Stop the Magnet Endorses TX. State & Fed Races
Stop the bailout — now (Insurance cos. - Krauthammer)
Stop the knockout game violence
Stop ‘struggling’ with porn
Stop, Start or Please Do Nothing!
Stopping Obamacare's Taxpayer-Funded Abortions
Stopping Putin: The Military Option
Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening
Storage facility tosses man's belongings into dumpster
Store Owners to Serve 2 Years (EBT Card Fraud, Mass.)
Store owner shoots, wounds robbery suspect
Stories Add Up as Bully Image Trails Christie
Stories of life, death and faith: 'To Heaven and Back'
Storm Brews As DirecTV Looks To Drop The Weather Channel
Storm leaves Florida Panhandle covered in ice
Storm system hitting Bay Area kicks into high-gear [ California ]
Story of 2013 Was The One Media Took Pains To Avoid
Story of the Year
Stossel: The Privileged People
Stovall hoping citizen statesman appeal will help him win Senate seat
Stovall hoping citizen statesman appeal will help him win Senate seat (Cornyn opponent)
Stovall hoping citizen statesman appeal will land Senate seat
Stradivarius Thief Tied to Congresswoman's (Gwen Moore D-WI) Son
Stradivarius violin stolen in armed robbery in Milwaukee
Straight Men in San Francisco are Desperate for Dates
Stranded Antarctic passengers evacuated to freedom ('Tards "rescued")
Strange 'S'-shaped radar phenomenon appears off W[estern]A[ustralia] coast
Strange Article Claimed Hitler 'Favorable to Jews'
Strange Creature filmed in a pond in Lithuania - Mar 6, 2014
Strange New Worlds: The Amazing Alien Planet Discoveries of 2013
Strange Object Boosts Kuiper Belt Mystery [ 2002 UX25 ]
Strange malware thought to communicate over computer speakers
Strange-looking fruit in Bali leaves S'pore tourist amused
Strange: Mika Spins Steamy Story of Having Been Held 'Hostage' in South of France
Strassel: The Many Faces of (still exempt NC RAT) Kay Hagan
Strawberry milk is to be banished from school cafeterias in Montgomery County
Stray Cat Waits Every Day To See His Dog Friend [w/pix]
Stray Dog Hank Becomes Big Hit in Brewers' Camp
Street Preacher Arrested and Held in Custody for Mentioning Sexual Sin [Scotland]
Street preacher after he told two gay men homosexuality is a sin paid compensation
Strengthen the Born-Alive Infant Protection Act
Stressing Me Out...
Stricter oil-by-rail rules needed after another explosion: critics {Casselton}
Strike the Head of the Snake
Strikes sweep Egypt as economy struggles
String of Unexpected Events Continues
Strip club sweep nets fake fan gear
Stripped, cavity searched and billed, lawsuit says
Strong Confirmation of Cherokee’s Backing of the E-Cat — From China
Strong Explosion Shakes Lebanese Capital, Black Smoke Billowing From Central Beirut
Strong Indian response shocks US officials
Strong U.S. crude oil production growth forecast through 2015 {This Week in Petroleum}
Struggle & Sonship
Struggling With Nullification
Stryker platoons learning to deal with different enemy, faltering equipment
Stuck in Congressional "Groundhog Day"
Stuck in a hole with a leaky nuclear missile
Stuck in the Sixties
Student 'humiliated' when denied school lunch
Student Arrested for Burping During Class
Student Breaks 19th Century Greco-Roman Statue While Taking a Selfie
Student Loans Are Ruining Your Life. Now They’re Ruining the Economy: Over One Trillion in Debt
Student Loans Entice Borrowers More for Cash Than a Degree
Student On Arapahoe School Shooter: "Very Proud Of Being A Socialist" (video)
Student Suspended For A Year After Hugging Teacher
Student Suspended for Taking Razor From Classmate (Who Was Self-Harming)
Student That Punched a Teacher Who Was Later Fired For Putting Him in a Headlock Feels No Remorse
Student Union Banning Leads to Unusual Coalition
Student Unrest in Springtime
Student demands that he not be forced to meet with female classmates ("strong religious beliefs")
Student fell to death after eating pot cookie (Denver CO)
Student forced to apologize for emailing pic of Obama kicking a door, because RACISM
Student gunman kills 2, briefly takes hostages in Russian school
Student suspended, criminally charged for fishing knife left in father’s car
Student takes razor from classmate hurting himself, gets suspended and faces expulsion
Student who set off Conn. lockdown to be arraigned
Student ‘arrested in Iran over Facebook comments’, family say (said Iran is ‘too Islamic’)
Student's acceptance to Clemson goes viral
Student, 15, Arrested For Squirting Hand Sanitizer In Teacher's Diet Coke
Students Hold ‘Choice Week’ Promoting Abortion at Georgetown University
Students Need Private School Choice
Students Scramble for Tickets to See Obama at CCSU (minimum wage speech)
Students Set Questionable Record After Drinking 5,000 Jägerbombs in One Night
Students Share Mixed Responses to George/West Collection (“condoning homophobia?” at Swarthmore)
Students Sign Petition To Have Gun Owners Executed In Concentration Camps
Students Sign Petition to Execute All Registered Gun Owners In Disturbing Video
Students Stranded After Hundreds of Miami-Dade Bus Driver No-Shows [Protest Higher Health Insurance]
Students Wear Shirts With Anti-Gay Message on Day of Silence
Students and parents rejecting costly college loan burden
Students at Central Florida School Using Prom Money to Help Teacher Who Has Cancer: Report
Students at the shooting range for gun safety ( Colorado )
Students defend professor after sit-in over racial climate
Students for Liberty
Students protest Confederate flag ban at Waldron high school
Students stranded and parents frustrated after school closures (6+ hour commutes in Atlanta)
Students treated after ingesting marijuana edibles
Students ‘try to tear off woman’s clothes’ (Cairo University, Egypt)
Students, parents upset that Christmas cards won't go to local veterans due to policy
Study Finds Highest Income Inequality in Cities That Voted For Obama
Study Finds Medicaid Expansion Drove up ER Visits
Study Finds People with Guns More At-Risk for Suicide and Homicide
Study Finds Spike In Auto Theft, Other Property Crimes Linked To Early Inmate Release
Study Links Autism and Somalis in Minneapolis
Study Questions Fat and Heart Disease Link
Study Shows Increased Minimum Wage's Destructiveness
Study Shows US Bible Belt Has Highest Rate of Family Break-Ups; Is it About Faith or Race?
Study cherry picks Missouri gun data to make misleading case for more control
Study doubts quantum computer speed
Study finds long-lasting results from brain exercises
Study in India: oral contraceptives dramatically increase risk of breast cancer (by 950%)
Study notes boosts from US drilling boom
Study of Idaho canyons suggests ... result of massive flooding not erosion (Phys.org article)
Study showing Bloomberg lied about gun research
Study shows it was warmer in Roman times than today
Study to Test Chocolate Pills for Heart Health
Study: 2 Million U.S. Scientists Identify As Evangelical
Study: A Broken Heart Really Can Kill You, Study Says
Study: Alcohol Can Boost Your Immune System
Study: All Emergency Contraceptives Can Cause Abortions
Study: Atlantic drilling could give economy $23.5B boost
Study: Chris Christie's New Jersey Least Economically Solvent State in U.S.
Study: Democrats more likely to think astrology is scientific
Study: Drink two espressos to enhance long-term memory
Study: Expanding Health Coverage Increases Emergency Room Use
Study: FBS leaders still white, male
Study: Fatal Car Crashes Involving Marijuana Have Tripled
Study: Fatal Car Crashes Involving Marijuana Have Tripled (Harmless????)
Study: Fatal Car Crashes by Marijuana Smokers up 300% over Last Decade
Study: Gasoline prices will fall if US exports crude
Study: Gun-Related Murder Rates Higher Under 'Assault Weapons' Ban
Study: Huge wind turbine farm could cut hurricane wind and storm surge damage
Study: Income Inequality Greater, Growing Faster in Blue States
Study: Liberals drink more alcohol than conservatives
Study: Medicaid patients use emergency room more, not less
Study: Methane in 15% of NY wells
Study: Michigan Students Benefit from Using 'Schools of Choice'
Study: Minimum wage increases could mean lose (sic) of jobs in SF
Study: Mothers Often Push Their Teen Daughters to Have Abortions
Study: Mt. Gox May Have Lost Just 386 BTC Due to Transaction Malleability
Study: Nearly half of all black males are arrested by age 23
Study: Nearly half of black men, 38 percent of white men arrested at least once in US by 23
Study: Network News Viewers at All-Time Low; Half under Age 30 Never Watch News
Study: Obama Helped Sway Americans in Favor of Gay Marriage
Study: ObamaCare not reaching uninsured
Study: Obamacare's insurance tax to impose hundreds of dollars of costs on individuals and families
Study: Per-Pupil Funding, Class Size Not Predictor of Schools Families Choose
Study: Racism Causes Obesity in Black Women
Study: Racism May Accelerate Aging In African-American Men
Study: Rates of many mental disorders much higher in soldiers than in civilians
Study: Real-Life Hit Men Nothing Like 'Sherlock' Shadowy Snipers
Study: Seattle Worker Needs Minimum Wage Of $21.60/Hour To Afford Two-Bedroom Rental
Study: Small Group Hazing At All-Time High
Study: Small biz health costs have doubled under Obama
Study: Smoking While Pregnant May Lead To Gay Babies
Study: Spoiled, wealthy college students more likely to support terrorists
Study: States with higher minimum wages had higher unemployment
Study: The US really does have the highest corporate tax rate, loopholes and all
Study: Third-Hand Smoke Exposure As Deadly As Smoking
Study: Uninsured Patients Get Better Care Than Insured
Study: Union-backed fast food proposal could cost half a million jobs
Study: Vegetarians Less Healthy, Lower Quality Of Life Than Meat-Eaters
Study: When a state becomes more liberal drinking increases
Study: Widespread Islamic Fundamentalism in Europe
Study: Yep, early ObamaCare enrollees are sicker than average
Study: Your Dog Probably Recognizes Your Face — Even In Photos
Study: ‘War on Coal’ will hit Wisconsin manufacturing hardest
Study’s low marks on youth well-being stir states
Stung by critics, Turkey’s Erdogan further restricts Internet freedom
Stunning hypocrisy from Democrats in wake of ObamaCare's broken promises
Stunning photos show the subterranean explosions,..of New York City's new subway tunnel construction
Stunning: Nobody is Watching CNN
Stupid for a TIME headline: "Poll: Catholic Beliefs At Odds With Vatican Doctrine"
Stupid selfie! Soldier posts pic of herself avoiding flag salute, ignites online firestorm
Sturm: Countering Lawlessness, Putin's and Obama's
Sturm: Manning and Sherman: Profiles in Greatness
Sturm: Who’s imposing their values on whom?
Stuyvesant High: Asian-American Domination In Elite Schools Triggers Resentment, Soul Searching
Su-35 does not guarantee air superiority for the PLA Air Force: PLA Daily
Subpar: Anti-Obama Street Art Covers Santa Monica
Subpoena CFPB's Chief Over Secret Auto Data
Substantiating Fears of Grade Inflation, Dean Says Median Grade at Harvard College Is A-
Substitute Teacher: Key & Peele (guaranteed laughter)
Suburban Detroit teacher contract gives hiring preference to non-Christians
Subway Is Strapping Brain Monitors On People To Promote Its New ‘Flatizza’ Menu Item
Subway Takes Chemical Out of Sandwich Bread After Protest
Subway joins first lady Michelle Obama's healthy eating effort
Subway worker caught using the bread oven to dry her WET SOCKS and gloves
Success Is Its Own Defense (Ref: Phil Robertson)
Success Traits
Sudden Threat Endangers Hillary's 2016 Run
Suddenly, John Boehner is a liability in Georgia
Suffocating Evil and the Descent of Tyranny
Sugars found in tequila may protect against obesity, diabetes
Suggest best places for conservatives to settle
Suggestion: Campaign to A&E over "Duck Dynasty" hiatus. .
Suggestions for Liberals in 2014 (Does the Author think they will Listen to Her?
Suggestions for Projection TV/Home Theater Set Up
Suggestions for the GOP in the SOTU
Suicide Banker's Widow Blasts Alleged "Cover-Up", Asks "Unbecoming Questions"
Suicide Bomb Instructor Accidentally Kills Iraqi Pupils
Suicide Bomb Instructor Blows Up Jihadist Students During Demonstration
Suicide Bomb Trainer in Iraq Accidentally Blows Up His Class
Suicide attack on Afghan Nato base
Suicide bomb instructor accidentally blows up his class
Suicide bomber attacks Iraqi recruits as al Qaeda forces retain control of areas in Anbar
Suicide bomber kills 45 in Iraqi city of Hilla
Suicide car bomber kills 3 service members in Afghanistan
Suicide: A silent killer?
Suit Against SAFE Act Claims it Allows ‘Warrantless’ Police Searches
Suit seeks removal of Bladensburg cross
Suit: Real estate agents used Wayne home for sex
Sumatra coastal cave records stunning tsunami history
Summer average gasoline price expected to be close to last year's level
Sun Goes Wild: NOAA Issues Alert: Earth Directed X-Class Flare Is On Its Way; Chance Of More
Sun May Still Have Low-Mass Solar Companion, Say Astrophysicists Searching NASA WISE Mission Data
Sun Sets on Another Cop Drama Shot In Detroit; Taxpayers Lose More Money
Sun shines on New York solar energy boom [math illiterates think 1.6 MW is a lot]
Sun's Current Solar Activity Cycle Is Weakest in a Century
Sundance: Prop 8 lawyer wants gay marriage 'in all 50 states in five years'
Sunday Afternoon Matinee: Homeless Man
Sunday Assembly: A Church For The Godless Picks Up Steam
Sunday Punday! 10 more hilarious puns and other plays on words
Sunday Punday! 10 more hilarious puns and other plays on words (vol. 4)
Sunday Punday! 15 more hilarious puns and other plays on words
Sunday Stories: “99 Red Balloons” [aka life as a car salesman]
Sunday referendum may see Venice elect to secede from Italy
Sunday's Best Church Signs
Sunday's NYT Magazine Cover to Feature Bizarre 'Planet Hillary'(Truly Bizarre)
Sunday's Packers game will be among coldest ever at Lambeau Field
Sunny Christmas: First Family and Dog Bo to Leave Cold DC for $4 Million Hawaiian Vacation
Sunny Colorado is losing ground in solar energy jobs
Super Bowl 2014: Bruno Mars stands — and delivers — in halftime show
Super Bowl 48 LIVE Thread
Super Bowl National Anthem 2014: Highlights of Renee Fleming's Rendition
Super Bowl Snipers
Super Bowl XLVIII: Date subject to change
Super Bowl XLVIII: Denver's Surgical Passing Attack vs. Seattle's Brash Secondary
Super Bowl chaos (pre & post-game crowd disaster)
Super Bowl indoor suite tickets going for $1M (global warming)
Super Bowl post-game interview [cartoon]
Super Bowl tax bite: Broncos, Seahawks must pay NJ taxes
Super Duper Vanity Request, Vote for my Daughter
Super Hornet fights for survival
Super Megaliths
Super PAC To Defend Moderate Republicans Against Tea Partiers (MUST. HELP. DEMOCRATS!)
Super PAC, Outside Spending Chiefs Make Big Bucks (American Crossroads, US Chamber of Amnesty)
Super-Cheap Paper Microscope Could Save Millions of Lives
Superb political trolling by Gov. Scott ('Crist has a track record of peaking early')
Supercell-The Dark, Foreboding Power of Nature
Superficial Diversity of MLA
Superintendent Says District Worse Off Despite Getting More Overall State Money
Superintendent calls teacher giving 5th graders O’Doul’s “Honest mistake” (Linden, MI)
Superman With a GoPro
Supermarket Tabloids have become America’s true mainstream media
Supersize Me
Supertramp - Breakfast In America
Supervisors Vote To Restore Cross To LA County Seal
Supine Press: WashPost Explains How Obama Dispenses With Tragedy Between Democrat Fundraisers
Supplica to Saint Dymphna, Virgin and Martyr
Supply & Demand Rap: WE GOT IT 4 CHEAP [Essential Music Videos on Economics for Millennials]
Supply Side’s Academic Vindication?
Support Denied Obama administration rejects urgent appeal from Egypt to deliver Apache attack
Support Dr. Milton Wolf
Support Under the Dome for Teller’s Firing [kept conservatives in the loop]
Support for Obamacare suddenly plummets among the uninsured
Support for immigrants is essential part of gospel, say mission advocates
Support for same-sex marriage hits new high; half say Constitution guarantees right(Relig Free Gone)
Support is ending soon {Microsoft Windows XP}
Supporters gather to defend Bundy ranch in Nevada, FAA enacts no-fly zone
Supposed ‘Christian’ Dad Claims Gay Son is No Sinner
Supreme Court Arguments: Can Free Speech Be Suppressed Outside Abortion Clinics?
Supreme Court Asked to Clarify What it Means to ‘Bear’ Arms
Supreme Court Climate Case Looks at EPA's Power (global warming)
Supreme Court Declines to Review Asylum Case of German Homeschoolers
Supreme Court Grants Temporary Reprieve to Little Sisters of the Poor
Supreme Court Halts Contraception Mandate For Religious Groups (WOW!)
Supreme Court Justice Confirms American Internment Camps Will Happen Again: “It is the Reality”
Supreme Court Justice Sotomayor: ‘Sometimes You Have To Do the Unexpected’
Supreme Court Justices skeptical of Obama’s end run around Congress
Supreme Court Oral Arguments on ATF Change of Interpretation Without Change in Law
Supreme Court Puts Gay Marriage On Hold In Utah
Supreme Court Rules Police May Search A Home Without Obtaining A Warrant
Supreme Court Schedules Arguments for Hobby Lobby Religious Liberty Case
Supreme Court Skeptical of EPA’s Greenhouse Limit Approach
Supreme Court Strikes Down Limits on Individual Free Speech Contributions
Supreme Court Strikes Limit on Number of Political Contributions
Supreme Court To Hear Appeal Over Juror Dishonesty
Supreme Court Will Review Ohio Law Criminalizing ‘Lies’ About Politicians
Supreme Court agrees to hear Aereo case
Supreme Court birth control ruling could ripple widely
Supreme Court blocks Arizona’s 20-week abortion ban
Supreme Court declines challenges to gun laws
Supreme Court declines to hear new contraception cases [Catholic Univ and others]
Supreme Court declines to hear religious freedom photography case
Supreme Court denies appeal from German family seeking asylum to home-school kids
Supreme Court expands time for oral arguments in Hobby Lobby case
Supreme Court extends protections for multinational companies
Supreme Court hears 3 gun cases
Supreme Court may rule on guns outside the home , 9:23 p.m. EST
Supreme Court positioned to repeal the 4th Amendment
Supreme Court rejects appeal over gay bias case
Supreme Court ruling eases police search of suspect's home
Supreme Court says nuns can be exempt from ObamaCare mandate during case
Supreme Court signals support for corporate religious claims
Supreme Court to Decide If One Person Can Buy Gun For Another
Supreme Court to decide whether to hear cases regarding right to ‘bear’ arms
Supreme Court to hear case concerning buffer zone at abortion clinics
Supreme Court to take up ObamaCare contraceptive mandate in landmark case
Supreme Court to weigh what it means to have a right to “bear” guns
Supreme Court won’t revive Arizona law banning most abortions after 20 weeks
Supreme Leader: If Jesus Were Here He Would Fight America (Khamenei, Iran)
Supremes Let Little Sisters Have Their Way During Appeal;
Surat's 402-yr-old Bible to be read out at Christmas
Sure a picture says 1000 words, but this one really only brings 6 to mind...
Sure sounds like the Supreme Court’s going to rule against Obama on recess appointments
Sure, Obama is acting tough by refusing to "stand still," but there's a slight problem with that...
Surefootedness in My Word is your greates strength
Surfing in Blood 5: The Final Post (for now).
Surgeon General Pick's Tweets Annoy GOP, But Not Enough To Block Him (Enzi says why fight?)
Surgeon General nomination forces Senate Democrats to hide gun views
Surgeon general urges new resolve to end smoking
Surgeon suspended over claims he branded a patient's liver
Surgical 3D printing BioPen writes in bone, nerve and muscle
Surly Rachel Maddow Is Outraged That Even Liberal ABC Questioned Obama's Comedy Chat
Surpassing Sola Scriptura
Surprise Appearance: Karl Rove Joins Cornyn, Hall To Talk Immigration (2007 Flashback)
Surprise Retail Sales Disappointment... Again
Surprise Surprise, Iran Bluffed—Its Navy Never Went Near the U.S. Coast
Surprise Surprise, Kevin McCarthy Backs Amnesty
Surprise! Even the Bronze plans may cost a lot more than you expect
Surprise! Plenty of Obama money for these people
Surprise! Walmart health plan is cheaper, offers more coverage than Obamacare
Surprise! White House To Delay 'Firm' Obamacare Enrollment Deadline Past March 31
Surprise: Attorney "Investigating" IRS Targeting of Conservatives is an Obama, DNC Donor
Surprise: California Hires Convicted Felons to Administer Obamacare
Surprise: Ed Gillespie beating Mark Warner among independents, Hispanics (VA Senate)
Surprise: Obama Administration 'At Least A Month' Behind Schedule on 2015 Budget
Surprise: Obama Administration Again Delays Obamacare's Medicare Cuts
Surprises, Runoffs Likely in Texas Primary (Today!!!)
Surprising Human Hand Bone Challenges Evolution (article)
Surprising Lessons from Marriages in the Early Church versus Pagan Marriages
Surprising Recent Discoveries of Three Large Near-Earth Objects
Surrounded by Russian militiamen, a Ukrainian officer says his outpost is cut off
Surrounded by Victims of His Economic Destruction, Prez Says Paying People Not to Work Creates Jobs
Surveillance camera captures the moment mother opens fire on home invaders with rifle
Surveillance video shows armed robber tackled by passengers aboard Seattle bus
Survey Results and Primary Dates (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
Survey shows growing distrust against the euro in France
Survey shows prisoners are kinder and more trustworthy than everyone else. Or so they think
Survey: Less than 10 percent of Army women want to join combat units
Survey: Majority of Americans, Including Catholics, Support Same-Sex Marriage
Survey: Medical device tax has cost tens of thousands of jobs
Survey: More Than 1 In 4 Car Crashes Involve Cellphone Use
Survey: Most Religious People Don't Hate Gays
Survey: Nearly half of CFOs plan to cut jobs over Obamacare (Pelosi knew)
Survey: Obamacare worries Hill aides (Congressional staffers claim they will quit)
Survey: Ted Cruz Named Third Most Influential Person of 2013
Survey: U.S. press freedom plunges under Obama to 46th in world, after Romania
Survey: US gas prices up 8 cents per gallon
Survey: one-third of uninsured plan to stay that way
Survival Blog - Rawles
Survival Mom Radio Show: Prepper Myths with Fernando Aguirre (FerFAL)
Survivalist or Prepper, First and Foremost It Is a State of Mind
Surviving Obama
Surviving Winter in Yakutsk, the World's Coldest City
Survivor: Cagayan — Brawn vs. Brains vs. Beauty
Survivors of the Blizzard of ’78 Mock the ‘Arctic Vortex’
Susan G. Komen Suffers 22% Drop in Donations, Due to Planned Parenthood Abortion Controversy
Susan Rice Blasts Israel for Criticizing Kerry National Security Advisor says that Israel's
Susan Rice Defends James Clapper And The Indefensible
Susan Rice on Benghazi: "I don't have time to think about false controversy"
Susan Rice: No Successful Attacks on U.S. Homeland Since 9/11
Susana Barracuda: Does Bigger Stage Await Martinez?
Sushi reference guide helps identify sushi with animated gifs
Suspect Arrested In Canton Brick Attack That Fractured Victim’s Skull
Suspect Who Turns His Back & Raises Hands into Air Is Killed by PCSO Deputy
Suspect arrested in 2010 S.F. killing of German tourist
Suspect arrested in beating of elderly Bradenton man in speeding case
Suspect busted in Christmas double slay of Newark teens
Suspect charged in road rage killing was shooting instructor who had worked at sheriff’s office
Suspect dead after man shot in attempted home invasion
Suspect for FBI Raid on 91-Year-Old Indiana Artifact Collector Identified
Suspect in Canadian snowbird's killing gives up
Suspect in downtown shooting being treated for self-inflicted wound to testicles...
Suspect named in Tamaqua woman's murder case. Hate
Suspect was due in court the day of north Minneapolis slaying (homeowner shot with own gun)
Suspect yelled “I’m not going to jail” before charging at officer
Suspected 'Cop Killer' Bank Robber Had Threatened President
Suspected Ebola Case Is Detected In Canada
Suspected Fort Hood shooter dead; situation ongoing
Suspected Immigrant Run Over and Killed on Hwy. 77
Suspected Islamist militants kill dozens of students in Nigeria
Suspected Mass Grave Discovered in Serbia
Suspected Russian spyware Turla targets Europe, U.S.
Suspected World War II-era bomb detonates in Germany, killing one (13 more injured)
Suspected illegal immigrant ‘stabbed homeless man to death in Paris and drank his blood’
Suspended University Of Colorado Administrator Also Ran Escort Website
Suspension of 5th grader over imaginary bow could land school in lawsuit
Suspicion Surrounds Candidacy of Lamar Alexander's Donor 'Friend,' Dr. George Flinn
Suspicious Package at Maxwell AFB, "Positive indication for explosives"
Sustainability Hits the Fan: 15 DIY Projects from Preppers
Sustainable nuclear fusion breakthrough raises hopes for ultimate green energy
Sustaining Ukraine's breakthrough: EU expertise and markets are essential [Soros]
Suzy Welch: Jeb Bush For President Backers 'Must Want To Lose'
Swarthmore Jewish students break with Hillel policies
Swear to God: The Promise and Power of the Sacraments
Swearing toddler in Omaha police union video taken into protective custody
Swede Slain in Kabul 'a British Spy': Islamists
Sweden Mulls "Doctrine Shift" in Defense After Russian Incursion in Ukraine
Sweden freezes Uganda aid on anti-gay law
Sweden has 'secret plan' to tip Swiss Gripen vote
Sweden stops payouts to ‘anti-gay Uganda’
Sweden to lend Brazil fighter jets for 2016 Olympics
Sweden: Parliament Official Orders Bare-Breasted Rainting Removed … for Muslims
Sweden’s Swing toward a Free Market
Sweden’s Totalitarian Face
Swedes Pay $27 for 'Bargain Strawberries'
Swedes buy insurance to skip long health queues
Swedes tire of tax cuts as welfare state shows strains
Swedish Dog Found After Week in Car Wreck
Swedish Megachurch Pastor Converts to Catholicism (actual video from Sunday's service)
Swedish editor defends Sharon-Hitler comparison
Swedish royals snub anniversary
Sweet Surprise: Blueberry Muffin Resembles Teen's Chihuahua
Sweet success for bio-battery
Sweets and treats in a survival situation
Sweyn Forkbeard: England's forgotten Viking king
Swift action needed from Pope Francis on child sex abuse
Swimmer Ian Thorpe Could Lose Use of Left Arm
Swimming Pools Six Times as Deadly for Kids as Guns
Swiss Cheese Pervert' terrorizes Mayfair
Swiss Guard Claims Vatican Official Made Sexual Advances to Him
Swiss Guard veteran claims existence of 'gay network' at the Vatican
Swiss and Germans out of sanctions against Russia
Swiss fighters grounded during hijacking as outside office hours
Swiss government says to block funds linked to Ukraine's Yanukovich
Swiss immigration vote shows loss of trust in business elite: minister
Swiss immigration: About 50.5% back quotas
Swiss mother allegedly kills son in Spain hospital
Swiss set clocks for Gripen vote
Swiss vote to limit foreign workers captures growing European fears about immigration
Swiss vote to set limits on immigration from EU
Swiss voters back limit on immigration
Switzerland Points Way to Fully Homogenized Society
Symbolism and the Language of the Liturgy
Sympathy For The Devil
Synthetic strategy targets ‘undruggable’ small RNAs
Syracuse Catholic Churches Hold Workshops on How to Promote ‘Trans Rights’
Syracuse board approves removing crosses from former Catholic church so it can become a mosque
Syracuse: former parish to become mosque, crosses to be cut off
Syria Crisis: Geneva Peace Talks End In Recriminations [Talks Collapse Into Chaos!]
Syria Crisis: ISIS Imposes Rules on Christians in Raqqa
Syria Has Yet to Move Arms as Deadline Draws Near
Syria Rebels Offer 'Advice' to Ukrainian 'Rebels'
Syria civil war 'kills over 150,000 people' in three years
Syria evacuates civilians from besieged Homs centre
Syria inks oil, gas deal with Russia firm
Syria jihadists lay down rules for Christians
Syria misses chemical weapons handover deadline
Syria misses deadline to remove chemical weapons
Syria rebels capture ISIS headquarters in Aleppo
Syria says Turkey shoots down Syrian warplane
Syria talks: (UN) Mediator apologises for lack of progress
Syria uses red tape, threats to control U.N. aid agencies
Syria's Assad slams Saudi ideology as 'threat to world'
Syria's Assad urges fight against Saudi religious ideology
Syria's oldest church desecrated by opposition
Syria: Army advancing on rebel town near Lebanon
Syria: Cleric Incites Children to ‘Slaughter’ Christians
Syria: Jihad Groups Unite To Form 'The Islamic Front'
Syria: Jihadis training U.S. Muslims to carry out jihad attacks when they return home
Syria: Melkite Greek Catholic Patriarch says Muslims killed three Christians for refusing…
Syria: Muslims see cross hanging from Christian's neck, immediately behead him
Syria: the jihadi town where 'brides' are snatched from schools
Syriac Catholic Archbishop: Kerry & West are "Screwing" all Syrians by Supporting Terrorists
Syrian Battle Edges Closer to Historic Crusader Castle
Syrian Catholic Bishop Condemns Orthodox Bishop’s Call to Arms
Syrian Christian Leaders Call On U.S. To End Support For Anti-Assad Rebels
Syrian Christians sign treaty of submission to Islamists
Syrian Electronic Army Claims Control Over Facebook.Com Domain
Syrian Islamists: No to Democracy, Minority Rights
Syrian Jihadists Tell Women: Cover Your Faces or Else
Syrian Kurds Capture Town from Islamists
Syrian Kurds Declare Autonomy
Syrian Opposition Alleges New Poison Gas Attack
Syrian Rebels Are Cutting Off the Heads of Hezbollah Fighters
Syrian Rebels Continue to Lie About Chemical Weapons
Syrian Rocket Hits Turkish Mosque
Syrian extremists amputated a man’s hand and live-tweeted it [Team Obama Supports the "rebels"]
Syrian jihadist rebels kill Christians, drain and sell their blood? (Graphic content)
Syrian peace talks a tacit admission that Assad won’t leave soon
Syrian rebels accidentally decapitate the wrong man, ask for public for ‘understanding and forgivene
Syrian troops advance near Golan Heights city
Syria’s rattlesnakes commit suicide
T'was the Night Before Christmas Submarine Style (SS)
T-Mobile to pay customers leaving rivals
T.J. Oshie: 'The Real Heroes Wear Camo'
T.W. Shannon For U.S. Senate From Oklahoma [Sarah Palin's Official Endorsement]
T.W. Shannon for U.S. Senate (OK)
T.W. Shannon: Palin Endorsement Brings More Than Money Can Buy
TALIBAN SAYS IT SUSPENDS TALKS ON US SOLDIER
TALKERS.COM TARGETS SAVAGE
TAP molten salt nuclear reactor design that'd generate 75 times more electricity per ton of uranium
TARP Was Bad, but the Looming Obamacare Bailout for Corrupt Insurance Companies Could Be Worse
TATA Introduces the Kestrel – an 8×8 Armored Scout Vehicle
TBN Drops "Love Worth Finding Ministries with Adrian Rogers" Broadcast Beginning January 19, 2014
TCM "Football Wednesday": Ronald Reagan in "Knute Rockne, All American"
TCM Classic Movie Alert 12/11/13
TCM Classic Movie Alert 12/6/13
TCM Classic Movie Alert 2/10/14
TCM Classic Movie Alert 2/19/14
TCM Classic Movie Alert 2/20/14
TCM Classic Movie Alert 3/5/14
TCM Classic Movie Alert 4/9/14
TD Bank CEO wants U.S. to curb high frequency trading
TD Jakes Sues Alleged Dangerous Stalker Who Is Ex-Church Member
TD Jakes Tells Church Leaders 'If You're Not Making Any Change, You're Taking Up Space'
TEA PARTY CONVENTION?
TEA PARTY GROUPS LINE UP BEHIND LEE BRIGHT FOR SENATE - Major Game Changing Endorsements
TEA PARTY V. ESTABLISHMENT FIGHT MAY INTENSIFY IF GOP REGAINS SENATE
TEA Party=Rapists (outrage from Communist Party candidate)
TEAM AMERICA 10th ANNIVERSARY: How South Park Minions Gave Rise to the Tea Party
TED CRUZ POSTERS APPEAR IN BEVERLY HILLS
TEPCO may consider discharging contaminated water into sea: IAEA
TEXAS HONOR KILLING: Black Muslim Father Accused Of Killing Gay Daughter And Her Girlfriend
TEXAS SEES GREATER DECLINES IN WELFARE THAN NATION, CALIFORNIA NUMBERS RISE
TEXAS SENATE: Will we "Cruz" to Victory or "Todd Aikin" our way to Defeat? (Vanity)
TFD (Toledo, Ohio) confirms 2 firefighters killed in line of duty
TGIF Humor
TGIF Humor for Reactionaries
TGIF Humor for Right-Winger Clingers
TGIF Humor for Right-Winger-Clingers
TGIF Humor...
TGIF Snickers, Chuckles, -n- Guffaws
TGIF Toons & Stuff
TGIF Toons for Hadituptohere Clingers...
TGIF Toons for Weary Reactionaries
TGIF Toons...
TGIF Toons/Memes for Y'all Clingers
THAD COCHRAN ATTACKS TEA PARTY RIVAL CHRIS MCDANIEL FOR ATTENDING TEA PARTY EVENT
THALES BEGINS DEVELOPMENT OF NEW GENERATION LASER DESIGNATION POD
THANK YOU, PUTIN! : Bring Down the Syria Asshat Regime & Un-Castrate Cuba NOW!
THE 2000 CAMPAIGN: THE AD CAMPAIGN; A Young Bush Is the Star In Ads Set for New York (George P)
THE ADORABLE WAY LITTLE GIRL MADE SURE HER DEAF PARENTS DIDN’T MISS OUT DURING SCHOOL CHRISTMAS
THE ANT and the GRASSHOPPER: Two Versions
THE BALLAD OF MIKE MORAN - Happy St. Patrick's Day
THE BIBLE'S AGE FOR THE EARTH
THE BIRTH OF JESUS CHRIST AS FOUND IN LUKE 2:1-20
THE BRAINS BEHIND BLACKMUN
THE BUNDY DAUGHTER SPEAKS OUT ON GOVERNMENT TERRORISM AGAINST HER FAMILY! (Nevada Rancher)
THE CARBON DIOXIDE LEVEL IS DANGEROUSLY LOW
THE DIGITAL STORY OF THE NATIVITY
THE EVOLUTION OF PARENTING..
THE FED DECISION IS OUT: And The Taper Has Begun
THE FOURTH QUADRANT: A MAP OF THE LIMITS OF STATISTICS
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Dec 10, 2013, Tuesday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Dec 11, 2013, Wednesday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Dec 12, 2013, THURSDAY
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Dec 13, 2013, Friday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Dec 16, 2013, Monday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Dec 17, 2013, Tuesday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Dec 18, 2013, Wednesday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Dec 19, 2013, Thursday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Dec 20, 2013, Friday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Dec 23, 2013, Monday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Dec 5, 2013
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Dec 6, 2013, Friday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Dec 9, 2013, Monday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Feb 5, 2013, Wednesday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Jan 10, 2014, Friday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Jan 13, 2014, Monday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Jan 14, 2014, Tuesday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Jan 15, 2014, Wednesday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Jan 16, 2014, Thursday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Jan 17, 2014, Friday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Jan 6, 2014, Monday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Jan 7, 2014, Tuesday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Jan 8, 2014 Wednesday
THE GLENN BECK RADIO PROGRAM, Live 9am-Noon weekdays ET, Jan 9, 2014, Thursday
THE GREAT RETREAT, SERBIA 1915
THE IRS SCANDAL: TIMELINE
THE LIBERAL HOLLYWOOD SCANDAL, EXPOSED BY OBAMACARE.
THE MANY NAMES OF GOD [Ecumenical]
THE MEDIA WILL NEVER REPORT WHAT POPE FRANCIS JUST SAID
THE MYTH OF BIG OIL
THE NECESSITY OF ATONEMENT AND THE CONSISTENCY BETWEEN THAT AND FREE GRACE IN FORGIVENESS.
THE NEW INQUISITORS AGAINST RATZINGER The Self- Demolition of the Church recommences
THE NEW NEXUS OF NARCOTERRORISM: HEZBOLLAH AND VENEZUELA (Heroin 2011)
THE NUCLEAR OPTION—INSTANT REPLAY IS HERE, EMPOWERING BASEBALL’S WHINY LOSERS
THE ONE PERCENT SET TO FLEE NEW YORK CITY
THE PALINIZATION OF PHIL ROBERTSON AND FAMILY
THE PENTAGON’S BOW TO ISLAMIC EXTREMISM
THE POLITICAL MYSTERY OF MALAYSIA FLIGHT 370
THE PROTESTANT’S DILEMMA BY DEVIN ROSE: A REVIEW
THE QUEEN CITY TEMPERATURE CONVERSION CHART
THE REAL ENEMY: NANCY DUBUC
THE RISE OF TOTALITARIAN LIBERALISM
THE ROAD FROM SERFDOM
THE ROAD TO SERFDOM
THE SAVAGE NATION 1/8/14
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-10-13
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-11-13
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-12-13
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-13-13
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-16-13
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-17-13
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-18-13
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-19-13
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-20-13
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-3-13 !
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-4-13 !
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-5-13 !
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-6-13 !
THE SAVAGE NATION 12-9-13 !
THE SAVAGE NATION : LAST LIVE NITE SHOW NEW YEARS EVE!
THE SAVAGE NATION Does Anyone Want to do the Daily Thread?
THE STAGGERING COSTS OF OBAMACARE
THE TEA PARTY: REMEMBER GEORGE WALLACE (gag, choke, barf)
THE TED CRUZ MAJORITY
THE TEXAS PRIMARY: THE BAD AND THE GOOD AND THE UGLY
THE THREATENING NOTE A WOMAN RECEIVED AFTER CRITIQUING CITY POLITICS
THE UKRAINE SPIRIT OF MINUTEMEN (& women) video
THE UNITED NATIONS USES IMAGES OF MOTHER TERESA TO PROMOTE ITS ANTI-CATHOLIC AGENDA
THE WEAKER UKRAINE IS, THE BETTER FOR OBAMA
THE WORST REPUBLICAN SENATOR: Lindsey Graham's Sorry Record
THE WORST of Bad Family Christmas Pics
THERE ARE NO BLACK PEOPLE IN MY YOGA CLASSES AND I'M SUDDENLY FEELING UNCOMFORTABLE WITH IT
THERE’S NO ESCAPE – Obamacare Surcharge Now On Many Restaurant Bills
THIS HAS BEEN DUBBED THE MOST ANNOYING WORD IN AMERICA…
THIS IS CNN: Does Pee Vaporize? (BARF Alert)
THIS IS HOW THE EPA FINDS PEOPLE FOR POLLUTION EXPOSURE EXPERIMENTS
THON 2014 Total Breaks Previous Record Again
THOUSANDS SCRAMBLE TO GET MEDICAL PROCEDURES BEFORE OBAMACARE BEGINS
THREAT MATRIX 2014 #1
THe Caricature of A President And His Staff As Seen Through the Eyes of A Fractured Reality
TIME Magazine's Latest Cover: Can Anyone Stop Hillary?
TIME TO REMEMBER
TIME TO TERMINATE THE UNITED STATES-SAUDI ARABIA ALLIANCE?
TIR Bookshelf Reviews Three Books By Conservative Writers from Iowa
TLC Brings Back 'Progressive' Polygamist Series 'My Five Wives'
TMLC Senior Counsel Hopeful Justice Kennedy Will Side with Hobby Lobby and Religious Freedom
TMLC: Phil Robertson’s View on Homosexuality Reflects the Catholic Church’s Teachings
TMZ Reveals Photos of U.S. Troops Burning Dead Bodies in Iraq
TN Sen. Lamar Alexander Joins Jeb Bush in Support of Common Core Standards
TN Top Water Official Advises Employees to Not Flush shoes down the toilet
TN:Man saves mother's life by holding intruder at gunpoint
TNR: Why, yes, ObamaCare is a trojan horse for single-payer
TO THE MARINE CORPS: LET SGT. HUTCHINS GO
TODAY’S BUDGET AGREEMENT: GOOD POLITICS, MAYBE, BUT NOT GOOD POLICY
TOM ... AS IN MORGAN: What Americans really want
TONE DEAF: Union Seeks to Double Colorado State Employee Pay Raises for 2014
TOP 5 CRACKDOWNS ON CONSERVATIVES' INTERNET FREE SPEECH
TOP CONGRESSIONAL SEX SCANDALS: the sex-filled adventures of Sen Bob (Third World lube-a-rama)
TOTAL VANITY: Happy Birthday, Tom Selleck!
TOUGH TIMES AHEAD FOR U.S. CHRISTIANS
TPD Chief: Meat laced with LSD bought from Wal-Mart
TRAGEDY a view from Ukraine missing in American (also conservative) media
TRANSCRIPT: Bill O'Reilly interviews President Obama (also link to video)
TRANSFORMERS 4: 'AGE OF EXTINCTION' TRAILER PREMIERES DURING SUPER BOWL 2014
TRANSGENDER STUDENT RECANTS SEXUAL ASSAULT REPORT
TRAPPED NAZIS’ STRONGHOLD FALLS BUT RED ARMY’S RING IS DENTED (2/15/44)
TRUE WORSHIP total surrended abandon \o/ [charismatic caucus]
TRUK ATTACKED BY STRONG U.S. SEA-AIR FORCES; RECORD BOMBINGS ANSWER NAZIS’ ANZIO DRIVE (2/18/44)
TRUK TOLL IS RAISED TO 40 SHIPS; 4 MORE OF FOE SUNK OFF KAVIENG (2/28/44)
TSA Agent Charged With Making Terror Threat at Houston Airport
TSA Agent Confession
TSA BANS TOOTHPASTE ON FLIGHTS TO RUSSIA
TSA Blog Year in Review: 2013 [Terrorist barf alert]
TSA Harasses Police Chief – Placed On Admin Leave – Told To Disband Entire Police Department
TSA Offers 'Transgender Travelers' an Advice Page
TSA Purchases 1,980 Sticks of Dynamite to Go With Their 3.5 Million Rounds of Ammo
TSA Tag Teams Conservative Jewish Author, Ignores Nijab Wearing Muslim
TSA UNION: AGENCY NEEDS ITS OWN ARMED OFFICERS
TSA Wants to Hire ‘Economically Disadvantaged Woman Owned Small Business’ (for $30M contract)
TSA Week in Review – 45 Loaded Firearms, Concealed Firearms on Three Passengers, Inert WWI Shells
TSA agent confiscates sock monkey's toy pistol
TSA agents 'humiliate cancer victim wearing adult diaper' at security checkpoint
TSA agents are drinking your alcohol
TSA confiscates sock monkey’s tiny gun...
TSA humiliates cancer patient: ‘He’s wearing a diaper!’
TSA officer at Bush IAH arrested, accused of making terroristic threat
TSA pre-screening program (United Airlines)
TSA rejects arming officers after LAX shooting
TSHTF Inflation: “What YOU Will Pay for What You Need to Survive”
TTC [Toronto Transit Commission] apologizes after worker posts retirement rant online [Video]
TTP took reasonability of the killing of Shia leader in Lahore.
TURNAROUND! $1 Billion Surplus in Wisconsin...Gov. Scott Walker Returning It to Taxpayers
TV Ratings: State of the Union, With 33.3 Million Viewers, Hits 14-Year Low
TV Spies of the Cold War Era
TV Star Tamera Mowry Called ‘White Man’s Whore’ over Marriage to Fox News Reporter
TV blamed for 'wolves' trend: Soaring numbers of dog breeds including huskies being abandoned
TV critic can't fathom success of 'Scandal,' but he's reaching out for help
TV journalist Loren Nancarrow dies
TV pitchman Kevin Trudeau gets 10-year sentence
TV report: Abbas said ‘no’ to Obama on 3 core peace issues
TV show that mocks the Tea Party demands millions in tax breaks
TV's Judge Judy Turns The Tables On Lawyer John Haymond
TW Shannon – Rising Conservative Star in the GOP (running for US Senate in OK)
TW Shannon: Just Say 'No to President Barack Obama' (OK Senate)
TWAS THE NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS!
TWD – The Nagant soldiers on (TWD = The Walking Dead)
TWO Freeper novels free today on Amazon.com
TWO WORDS THAT CATHOLICS NEED TO STOP USING…LIKE NOW
TX A&M vs. Duke: Onside Kick Karma.
TX Cop Killer Skates. Have No-Knock Raids Jumped the Shark?
TX Farm Bureau HAS Endorsed Cornyn. Call and voice your objection. (Vanity)
TX PRIMARY VOTERS ALERT: Stop the Magnet Endorses Stockman
TX Reporter: Wendy Davis Campaign 'Worst at Media Relations I've Ever Seen'
TX Senate Candidate Linda Vega: Thank You McKinney Tea Party
TX: Andrews Open carry March Doubles in Protest of Arrests
TX: Firefighter fatally shot by woman outside Montgomery County
TX: Grand jury declines to indict officer who killed homeowner
TX:Argyle school district votes again to approve gun policy
TX:Dozens Open Carry Rifles in Dallas
TX:Girl Scouts and Guns Go Viral in Dallas
TX:Holes in DHS Houston Air Rifle and SWAT Story
TX:Hostility to Constitution Costs Travis County
TX:Man shoots home intruder
TX:Man who carried AR-15 on his back inside mall says charges not warranted
TX:Open Carry Rally in Beaumont
TX:Open Carry in Arlington meets Public Approval
TX:Open carry march on Dowlen draws approval
TX:Rookie cop who shot 72-year-old dead in his home while investigating burglary at the WRONG
TX:Victim Attempts Disarm, is Shot in Foot
Ta-Nehisi Coates Disagrees With ‘Jonathan Chait,’ and So Do I
Tablets a hit with kids, but experts worry
TacCon 3MR Trigger Review [video only]
Tackle Tempation or Risk Ruination. A Sermon for the 1st Sunday of Lent
Tackling a Racial Gap in Breast Cancer Survival
Taco Bell Gave Me a Cellphone
Taco Restaurant Employee Hailed As Hero For Stopping Kidnapping
Taco stand worker saves little boy from kidnapper
Tacoma teen fired after wearing Broncos jersey to work
Tacoma-area man charged with murder in daughter's death
Tag N Go Recognized for GPS Safety System at Connected World Awards
Tahoe Couple Gets Death Threats After Bear Is Captured And Euthanized
Taitz: “I feel vindicated healthcare.gov could not confirm his (Obama) identity.
Taiwan Parliament Occupied by protesters 1st time in History
Taizé Prior Visits N Korea
Tajik official confirms information about banning Father Frost from New Year’s broadcasts
Take Blood Pressure in Both Arms
Take Nothing Away from the Seahawks, But... What a Disappointing Super Bowl
Take These Steps Today To Survive An International Crisis
Take This, Harry Reid (Toomey goes around Harry's rules, forces democrats to vote)
Take a Look at One of the Most Disturbing Moments from the Sochi Olympics Opening Ceremony
Taken: HI convict pleads guilty to stealing $200,000 in gov’t welfare
Taking Away Our Freedom
Taking Down D’Souza and Other Abuses of Power
Taking Tolerance Too Far
Taking photos without permission is now illegal in Hungary, photographers outraged
Taking the 5th Is Only Option for Lerner, Lawyer Says
Tale Of 2 Universities
Tale of two rallies as 11,000 parents & kids fight for charter schools in NY
Tales of Futures Past: Soviet Science Fiction of the Cold War
Taliban Condemn Violence in C. African Republic
Taliban Suicide Bomber Turns on His Own Commanders, Kills 15
Taliban Warned the Imran Khan on Polo Campaign
Taliban and Government Imperil Gains for Afghan Women, Advocates Say
Taliban closes their offices for two months in Wana
Taliban gives deadline to the Pakistan government
Taliban hit main NATO base in Kabul
Taliban threatened the local media of Pakistan
Talk Radio
Talk Radio on WABC Shifts Focus to the Local (Curtis & Kuby take Rush slot)
Talking back to Dennis the Menace
Talks in London between Kerry and Lavrov end with impasse on Ukraine
Tamera Mowry Is Not Alone
Tamera Mowry is not alone
Tamera Mowry's 'White Husband' Pain Felt by Michelle Malkin (Video)
Taming the Regulatory Tax
Tampa Bay Times Financials Strained
Tampa Bay Times to begin employee buyouts
Tampa police officer fired over 2012 crash
Tangled Role in G.O.P. War Over Tea Party
Tango the Labrador takes the WITNESS STAND in French murder trial
Tanker Spills Syrup Along I-44 In Oklahoma City
Tanks and trenches to defend Ukraine from Russia
Tantalizing Matchups in Champions League Quarterfinals
Tao Hsiao, Chinese Man, Commits Suicide in Mall After Argument with Girlfriend
Taper Tantrum: The Fed, Inflation, Unemployment and House Prices
Tapper: White House Concerned Russia Could Invade Ukraine as Soon as This Weekend
Taqiyya Trials in Europe
Taqiyya about Taqiyya
Tarantino: 'Everyone has the right to own a gun' (Flashback for Harvey Weinstein)
Target Hackers Wrote Partly in Russian, Displayed High Skill, Report Finds
Target Shooter Accidentally Shoots Person In The Chest At Perris Event
Target Stores security breach just the tip of the iceberg
Target U.S.A.: Greens Wage War on American Natural Gas
Target announces it will drop part-time employees from its healthcare plan
Target breach likely an inside job, data security expert says
Target confirms PIN data was stolen in breach
Target details free credit monitoring service
Target holiday cyber breach hits 40 million payment cards
Target says hackers stole credentials from vendor
Target says it declined to act on early alert of cyber breach
Target says stolen info in data breach almost doubles to 70 million
Target to Drop ["substandard"] Health Insurance for Part-Time Workers [Obamacare] [link only]
Target will drop health insurance for its part-time employees
Target, Neiman Marcus and other security breaches: organized crime?
Target: Me (Turncoat Metcalf Whines!)
Targeting Huawei: NSA Spied on Chinese Government and Networking Firm
Targeting Self-Defense
Targeting the IRS: It's time for the game to start tracking the hunters
Targets in BP settlement inquiry assail findings
Targetting exploiters needed to combat prostitution, MP says
Tarnished Brass: Is the U.S. Military Profession in Decline?
Taste and Taboo, the Id and the Ick
Tasty Life: Leopard Teeth, Calf Bones Found in Ruins Near Pyramids
Tatar Sunni Muslims pose a threat to Russia's occupation of Crimea
Tattoo Discovered on Ancient Egyptian Mummy
Tattooed-children case moves to Campbell County grand jury
Taunting Obama
Taunton woman charged with drug trafficking after search warrant execution [Had 13 EBT cards]
Taurus Judge/Circuit Judge question
Tax Day
Tax Free Second Amendment Holiday Becomes Law (for Mississippi)
Tax Freedom Day’ falls three days later this year
Tax Reform Should Begin With Eliminating Corporate Taxes
Tax Reform and Pension Reform
Tax Reform in Nebraska: Income Taxes vs. Sales and Use Taxes
Tax Refunds, Easy Credit Boost Used Car Prices
Tax Subsidies for Illegal Aliens (Undocumented Democrats)
Tax break bill passes Minnesota House by 126-2 vote
Tax break helps NYC lure ‘The Tonight Show’ home
Tax cuts opponents say cuts won’t work (AUDIO)
Tax dodger Charles Rangel now dodging rent; Taxpayers to the rescue
Tax reform proposal threatens charities
Tax refunds could face debt ceiling delays
Taxable Income vs. Economic Income and the Inequality Debate
Taxation and Representation: Why Our Taxation System is Morally Insane
Taxation for the Sake of Taxation
Taxation without representation is alive and well
Taxed to the Point of No Recovery; France Plans Tougher "Exit Tax"
Taxi Driver Mistakes Stairs for Exit -- Hilarity Ensues
Taxing Life Away
Taxing U.S. Businesses
Taxing problems for supposed conservative Arizona candidate Gary Kiehne
Taxpayer Representation Missing From Assessor Review Panel
Taxpayer-Backed Electric Car Company Closes U.S. Factory
Taxpayer-Funded 'White Privilege' Conference Blocks Reporter, Claims It's 'Private'
Taxpayer-funded planned parenthood promotes sado-masochism, bondage to teens in video
Taxpayers Get Fleeced to Make Obamacare Look Affordable
Taxpayers Have Spent $14K for Each Obamacare Enrollee So Far
Taxpayers Will Pay Up to $11,378 to Buy Congressmen Obamacare Plans That Cover Abortions
Taxpayers doling out too much dough to control deer, critics charge.
Taxpayers fund Planned Parenthood video which teaches the joys of Sadomasochism to teens
Taylor Swift Attacked At 2014 Grammys! [video]
Tea Partier Milton Wolf Gets Madison Project Endorsement To Defeat Sen. Pat Roberts
Tea Partier wins write-in race for Pennsylvania state Senate seat (run as a conservative and win!)
Tea Partiers Hope To Crash Sen. Graham's Re-Election Bid (NPR piece)
Tea Partiers did not deface Plymouth Rock
Tea Party Candidate In Texas Makes Viral "Turtle Soup" Campaign Ad
Tea Party Candidate Takes On Cochran in Mississippi
Tea Party Challenger Attacks GOP Incumbent For Confirming Sebelius (Kansas Senate)
Tea Party Challenges Stumbling as Primaries Approach: Polls show incumbents maintaining big leads.
Tea Party Class More Confrontational Than Ever
Tea Party Cools Off
Tea Party Cruz’ing Strong in Texas
Tea Party Express endorses Roberts's primary challenger
Tea Party Furor Leads Actress Maria Conchita Alonso to Leave SF Ensler Play
Tea Party Groups Plan Protest at Tropical Confab Held by GOP Establishment
Tea Party Groups Will Protest at GOP Fundraiser
Tea Party Lawmaker: Nev. Cattle Roundup ‘Reminded Me Of Tiananmen Square’
Tea Party Leader Filing Ethics Complaint Against Dem Rep
Tea Party Leadership Fund to Recruit Boehner Primary Challenger
Tea Party Momentum Builds Around McDaniel in Mississippi GOP Senate Primary
Tea Party Patriots 5th Anniversary [Live Thread}
Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund Endorses Chris McDaniel for Senate in MS
Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund Endorses Matt Bevin in Kentucky
Tea Party Patriots back Matt Bevin in race against Mitch McConnell
Tea Party Patriots endorse Bevin
Tea Party Professor in 'Epic' Fight to Unseat Majority Leader Eric Cantor
Tea Party Rally, Corvallis, OR, Saturday, April 12, 2014
Tea Party Still Winning GOP Debate
Tea Party Super PAC predicts a "bar room brawl" inside GOP in 2014
Tea Party Warns of ‘Permanent Damage’ from Proposed IRS Rules
Tea Party challenger threatens to 'kill' O-Care
Tea Party challengers fizzle in Texas
Tea Party congressman warns Salon: Another shutdown may be coming!
Tea Party debacle implodes: Liz Cheney quits Senate race
Tea Party favorite Ken Buck is back for a run at U.S. Senate
Tea Party fools?
Tea Party goes after GOP incumbents McConnell & Graham
Tea Party hatches quiet-but-insane plot against democracy: Meet the “12 Percent Solution”
Tea Party in Establishment Crosshairs
Tea Party in Texas Sees Silver Linings in G.O.P. Primaries
Tea Party steps up war of words against Boehner over budget vote
Tea Party struggles to regain political traction
Tea Party v. Establishment Fight May Intensify if GOP Regains Senate
Tea Party, Freedom Works, Pro-Life Patriots MUST JETTISON the SLAVERY of Tax-Exempt Status !!!
Tea Partyers, Libertarians Join 'New Ruby Ridge' Ranching Battle
Tea Party’s 5th Anniversary: ‘We’ve Turned a Moment into a Movement’ (2-27-2014)
Tea Party’s campaign against Lindsey Graham comes to Fort Mill
Tea partiers blast Stockman for lazy and unethical campaign; Stovall gets support
Tea partiers line up to tackle GOP senators (Karl Rove, Chamber of Amnesty deeply saddened...)
Tea party brews up a 2016 presidential straw poll - and Cruz is in the lead
Tea party candidate selling Obama ‘barf bags’
Tea party group backs Broun in Georgia Senate race
Tea party group settles on challenger to Boehner
Tea party group to host event to primary Boehner
Tea party group to take on (exempt) Sen. Landrieu
Tea party tees off on McConnell after debt vote
Tea party threat again hangs over Republicans’ efforts to take Senate
Tea party-backed candidate drops out of Colorado Senate race (coalescing behind Gardner)
Tea party-type lawmakers take mysterious, off-books trip to Mideast (King, Bachmann, Gohmert)
Tea, sandwiches, music, photos with self-defense forces mark peaceful Sunday in Simferopol
Tea-Party Trouble for Stockman
Tea-party favorite endorses T.W. Shannon's bid for Senate (Mike Lee endorses Shannon)
Teach Common Sense not Common Core
Teacher 'White Privilege Conference': Whites Are Never Cured of Racism
Teacher 'forces student, 10, to clean out clogged urinal with his bare hands'
Teacher Claims He Was Fired For Reporting Suspicion Of Child Sexual Abuse
Teacher Nicholas Seward's 3D printer designs pushing the tech envelope & helping stretch young minds
Teacher Seized Christmas Candy Canes, Told Student ‘Jesus Is Not Allowed In School’
Teacher Set to be Fired For Forcing Leftist Views on Students
Teacher Speaks Out on Union Bullying
Teacher Suspended For Alleged Racial Remark ["We Don't Need Another Black President"]
Teacher Tearfully Describes Bullying and Intimidation She Suffered for Opposing Common Core
Teacher Throws Away 6-Year-Old's Christmas Gift, Tells Him 'Jesus Is Not Allowed in School'
Teacher at private Christian school allegedly calls 12-year-old girl ‘SASSY SLUT’
Teacher in Space finalist Michael Fitzgibbons reflects on Challenger Disaster 28 years after
Teacher names son after student killed in tornado
Teacher orders boy, 10, to remove Help for Heroes wristband worn in memory of Lee Rigby
Teacher shoots cat for using kid's sandbox as litter box
Teacher under fire for racist Santa remarks
Teacher union's lesson plan for failure ($40 Million? No Thanks)
Teacher, 27, found half-naked with pupil, 17, could be allowed back to classroom in 2 years
Teachers Union Misleading Voters
Teachers Union Opposes $40 Mil Grant’s New Evaluation System
Teachers Victorious In Their Quest To Get Out of Union
Teachers at their best in Atlanta snowstorm
Teachers need guns, says lawmaker whose son attended school with Colorado shooter
Teachers who ‘had sex in class’ can’t be fired: court
Teachers ‘instructed’ to teach ‘all right wing extremist groups’ are fascist [VIDEO]
Teachers, Facilitators, Babysitters: is there a difference?
Teaching Children to Calm Themselves
Teaching Tolerance
Teaching for Indoctrination
Teaching to the Ten (Mike Adams)
Team Arpaio: Major Media Heavily Involved In Sheriff Joe's Obama Criminal Investigation
Team Obama 'Really Worried' Clinton Will Repeat 2008 Mistakes in 2016
Team Obama Takes "Affordable" Out of Latest Obamacare Campaign
Team Obama and Team GOP Play Prevent Defense: Drumsticks All Around
Team Obama takes Obamacare show on the road for final desperate push
Team Obama wins fight to have Christian home-school family deported
Team Obama's Topsy-Turvy Rhetoric Escalates the War on Faith
Team USA Winter Olympic Uniforms (A Picture Vanity)
Teamsters Union Backs Away From Discriminatory Practice
Tebow Blacklist Isn’t the Beginning, It’s the End
Tebow Vs. Sam: A Tale of Two Draft Picks
Tech Firms May Find No-Poaching Pacts Costly
Tech Gurus Still Don't "Get" Linux
Tech Heist: Seeds of Deceit (Chinese try to steal experimental GMO corn seed)
Tech Leaders and Obama Find Shared Problem: Fading Public Trust
Tech Question: Windows XP end of life
Tech Renegade: From Print-at-Home Guns to Untraceable Currency
Tech experts: Working Obamacare site should have cost at most ‘$5 million to $10 million’ [VIDEO]
Tech giants commit to helping Obama spread word on climate change
Tech giants' demand for NSA reform 'a major game-changer', advocates say
Tech group boosts GOP on immigration (John Cornyn crony in charge of Amnesty ad campaign)
Tech insiders bemoan state of TV industry as Intel exits
Technically Obama was telling the truth when he said our taxes wouldn't go up one dime
Technocracy - Human Instincts in Reconstruction
Technological advances have given us the ability to make some family portraits extra special
Technology is not Wisdom
Ted Cruz 'Washington doesn't listen' best sound bite of 2013
Ted Cruz Amasses Enormous Fundraising Stockpile Throughout 2013
Ted Cruz Attempting to Be Republican Messiah
Ted Cruz Bashes Obama, Rand Paul: ‘When U.S. Doesn’t Stand for Freedom, Tyrants Notice’
Ted Cruz Blasts Budget Deal, Warns Nation Nearing 'Point of No Return'
Ted Cruz Blocks Senate From Giving $68 Billion As Gift To IMF…… And Guess What Harry Reid Backs Down
Ted Cruz Calls For the Abolition of the IRS!
Ted Cruz Calls for Special Prosecutor in Obama Admin Scandals
Ted Cruz Calls for Special Prosecutor to Investigate IRS
Ted Cruz Disembowels Hollyweird Hypocrite Harvey Weinstein Re. Upcoming Anti-Gun Propaganda Piece
Ted Cruz Flashes His Churchill Tattoo While Touting Obamacare Alternative
Ted Cruz Is Calling Time-Out on His Role at NRSC—For Now
Ted Cruz Is Winning: Like it or not, it's his party now
Ted Cruz Is the Symptom, Not the Disease
Ted Cruz Just Made Life Miserable for Republican Leaders Once Again
Ted Cruz Leads CPAC Speeches Measured by YouTube Views at End of Conference
Ted Cruz Leads GOP's Fight Against IMF Expansion in Ukraine Aid Package
Ted Cruz Leads Senate Democrats to Dump Obama’s Cop Killer Advocate to DOJ
Ted Cruz Posters Spawn More Pop Art (1:20 video)
Ted Cruz Responds to Thomas Sowell: 'You Have Got to Pick Some Battles to Fight'
Ted Cruz SLAMS Obama lawlessness in new video: Abuse of Power
Ted Cruz Says Obama Should Threaten Iran
Ted Cruz Shows Off His Tattoos In L.A.
Ted Cruz Slams Reid for Exempting Staff from Obamacare
Ted Cruz Stakes Out Bold Foreign Policy Vision to Rand Paul's Right
Ted Cruz Tattooed Badass Rock Star [Artist Id'd / fR Mentioned]
Ted Cruz Trashed For Paying Tribute To Nelson Mandela On Facebook
Ted Cruz Vindicated by Shaky Obamcare Rollout
Ted Cruz Vows Spending Fight on Debt Cap Boehner Seeks to Avoid
Ted Cruz Wants to Make Sure You Didn’t Miss Brit Hume’s Epic Anti-Abortion Rant Tonight
Ted Cruz Will Force Some Republicans to Vote Yes on Debt Ceiling (Cornyn whipping GOP cloture votes)
Ted Cruz Wins Big in Texas
Ted Cruz and Debt Ceiling Gamesmanship
Ted Cruz and Mike Lee being vindicated on shutdown
Ted Cruz and the Lesson of Dunkirk: You can’t afford to fight the battles you know you’ll lose.
Ted Cruz angers GOP colleagues - again
Ted Cruz assails fellow Republicans senators for 'trickery'
Ted Cruz blames economic inequality on President Obama
Ted Cruz blasts Justice Dept.: ‘Height of hypocrisy’ to deny special IRS investigator
Ted Cruz blasts Obama for failing Venezuela: 'Negotiating with tyrants and bullies never works'
Ted Cruz cites ‘Kill Bill’ against Harvey Weinstein
Ted Cruz continues anti-D.C. crusade in North Texas
Ted Cruz counters Jeb Bush of illegal immigration: ‘This is not a humane system’
Ted Cruz cutting it close with shout-outs to political friends
Ted Cruz defends Dinesh D’Souza
Ted Cruz doesn’t get why media treats Obamacare repeal as a ‘bizarre proposition’
Ted Cruz endorses John Cornyn
Ted Cruz endorses Nathan Hecht for Texas Supreme Court
Ted Cruz explains dad’s Fidel Castro comment
Ted Cruz hires Paul Teller, energizing grassroots conservatives
Ted Cruz hires conservative Hill staffer who was ousted from Hill job
Ted Cruz hits back at Republican critics: ‘The polar opposite to the reaction outside of Washington
Ted Cruz in Austin; Unleashes an Assault on Administration
Ted Cruz is Rand Paul's most dangerous foreign policy critic
Ted Cruz isn’t planning to be in the Senate for very long
Ted Cruz launches dramatic new Tea Party video for 2014
Ted Cruz launches political convention with crowd-pleasing demand to abolish the IRS
Ted Cruz makes surprise appearance, gives speech at Supreme Court in solidarity with Hobby Lobby
Ted Cruz on Jeb Bush: "Rule of law matters"
Ted Cruz on Putin: "There Is Very Little That Should Be Intimidating About A Thug"
Ted Cruz on Supreme Court taking up presidential overreach
Ted Cruz plans Beaumont visit today
Ted Cruz previews Obama SOTU speech
Ted Cruz raps Virginia's Mark Warner, calls Ed Gillespie 'friend'
Ted Cruz says he’s hired lawyers to renounce Canadian citizenship
Ted Cruz says proposed Iranian ambassador to U.N. was hostage-taker in 1979
Ted Cruz sees legal landmines ahead for Obamacare
Ted Cruz slams GOP leadership for ‘show vote’ on debt ceiling
Ted Cruz slams Obamacare in ad planned for Super Bowl
Ted Cruz speaks in New Braunfels
Ted Cruz takes heat for telling the truth about debt limit
Ted Cruz tells ALEC to “Stand your ground”
Ted Cruz thunders into a new year, while fellow Republicans seek softer tone
Ted Cruz to Address Hollywood's Secret Conservative Group Friends of Abe (Exclusive)
Ted Cruz to GOP Establishment: Stop the ‘Carpet Bombing’
Ted Cruz to Hillary Clinton: ‘Talk is cheap’
Ted Cruz to Liberty University Students: Defend Your Religious Freedom
Ted Cruz to N.Y. pro-lifers not welcome by Gov. Cuomo: 'March on down to Texas'
Ted Cruz to headline annual Gridiron Club dinner
Ted Cruz to join Donald Trump, Michele Bachmann at New Orleans Republican Leadership Conference
Ted Cruz to speak in Sarasota
Ted Cruz urges Texans to join fight against Obamacare
Ted Cruz visit adds to Sarasota's growing reputation
Ted Cruz visits Sabato’s Introduction to American Politics class
Ted Cruz vs. Rand Paul: A GOP road to nowhere
Ted Cruz woos Florida Republicans during Palm Beach event
Ted Cruz's Ego Trip Carries a High Cost (obvious dem talking point has been issued)
Ted Cruz's Winning Weekend
Ted Cruz's dynamic new 'Yes We Can' video will make you ready for 2014
Ted Cruz, Eric Holder mix it up at hearing
Ted Cruz, John Cornyn Grill Eric Holder on Federal Harassment of Tea Party
Ted Cruz, Rand Paul top huge Tea Party poll; Chris Christie, Jeb Bush dead last
Ted Cruz, The Barn Burner
Ted Cruz, Thomas Sowell and Battles Worth Fighting...
Ted Cruz, Veteran of 9 Supreme Court Arguments, Says First Amendment on Trial Today
Ted Cruz, hated by Senate Republicans, is winning
Ted Cruz, stoking 2016 talk, plans March trip to Iowa
Ted Cruz: 'Duck Dynasty' suspension affront to freedom of religion, speech
Ted Cruz: 'Hell Will Freeze Over' Before Establishment GOP Listens To American people
Ted Cruz: 'I Cannot Support' Budget Deal
Ted Cruz: 'I Don't Work for the Party Bosses in Washington' (VIDEO)
Ted Cruz: 'Vague Threats' Not Enough; Suspend Russian G8 Membership Now
Ted Cruz: 2013 Person of the Year
Ted Cruz: Barack Obama Iran remarks ‘dangerous’
Ted Cruz: Before 17th Amendment, Politicians ‘Less Likely to Break in Your House and Steal Your TV’
Ted Cruz: Breitbart.com Symbolizes 'Fantastic Democratization' of News
Ted Cruz: Budget Deal 'Deeply Concerning'
Ted Cruz: Congress Should Impeach Eric Holder If He Takes No Action on IRS Targeting Scandal
Ted Cruz: Congress Should Impeach Holder if He Takes No Action on IRS Scandal
Ted Cruz: DOJ's refusal to appoint special IRS prosecutor 'height of hypocrisy'
Ted Cruz: Democrats will rue letting President Obama’s lawlessness slide
Ted Cruz: GOP needs to ‘think bigger than Keystone’
Ted Cruz: House GOP's Amnesty Push Will Ruin Hopes of Retaking Senate
Ted Cruz: I'm With Thomas Sowell on Picking Battles; Issue Is Which Ones?
Ted Cruz: Indefinite Detention Retained in NDAA 2014
Ted Cruz: Man of the Year (and it was only his first year!!)
Ted Cruz: Man of the Year - principled and effective
Ted Cruz: Obama "Picking And Choosing Which Laws To Follow" Is "Dictatorial"
Ted Cruz: Obama Administration Is ‘Lawless’
Ted Cruz: Obama is laughing at justice
Ted Cruz: Obama misread ‘KGB thug’
Ted Cruz: Obama's weakness partially to blame for Russian aggression
Ted Cruz: President Obama runs America like a “corrupt dictator” not bound by the law
Ted Cruz: Religious liberties under attack
Ted Cruz: Repeal Every Word of It
Ted Cruz: Republican Women are the ‘Strongest Force’ in Politics
Ted Cruz: Republicans Win When They Paint in Bold Colors
Ted Cruz: Republicans will stand with farmers over trial lawyers any day
Ted Cruz: Sen. Reid’s Stunts Can’t Keep US from Standing with Ukraine
Ted Cruz: Stand Your Ground
Ted Cruz: Stand for Principle!
Ted Cruz: The Imperial Presidency of Barack Obama
Ted Cruz: The Russians are 'openly laughing' at Obama
Ted Cruz: The World Cannot Afford to Be Distracted as Ukrainians Are Brutalized
Ted Cruz: Time is Right to Step Up Attack on ObamaCare
Ted Cruz: Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro is Taking a Page Out of the Castro Playbook
Ted Cruz: We Were Right to Fight for Obamacare Defunding
Ted Cruz: When Republicans Don’t Stand for Principles Democrats Celebrate
Ted Cruz: White House Partisanship Reaches 11 on Scale of 10
Ted Cruz: Young people don't need 'condescension and patronizing' from Washington
Ted Cruz[Opposes]Nominee: ‘Mr. President, This Is Insulting to Law Enforcement Officers Everywhere’
Ted Cruz’ debt ceiling filibuster puts John Cornyn on hot seat
Ted Cruz’s Response about Gov’t Shutdown ‘Mistake’ Annoys Interviewer — But Senator Seems to Relish
Ted Cruz’s Ukraine plan: Have the market handle it [trade not aid]
Ted Cruz’s influence dominating Texas primary
Ted Cruz’s partisanship will benefit GOP in 2014, 2016 elections
Ted Cruz’s sulking rage: How his ire could impact GOP leaders (Alternate reality, defined)
Ted Haggard on How Not to Repent
Ted Kennedy Jr. makes run official
Ted Kennedy Jr. mulling run for Connecticut Senate
Ted Nugent Apologized -- When Will Spike Lee?
Ted Nugent apologizes for Obama ‘mongrel’ comment
Ted Nugent slams planned anti-NRA film
Ted Nugent vows no more name calling — then calls Obama ‘liar’
Ted Nugent's Appearance at Upcoming Longview Festival Canceled by City (TX)
Ted Nugent, pre-campaign trail: Obama’s a ‘subhuman mongrel’
Tedd Cruz FULL Appearance on Crossfire - Clashes with Van Jones
Teen Attacks Brother With Medieval Battle Ax In Video Game Dispute
Teen Dies Saving Classmates From Suicide Bomber
Teen Ends Up in Wheelchair After Government Snatches Her From Family
Teen In Medical Dispute Sent To Foster Care
Teen Jeopardy Champion Gives Hilarious Subtle Insult To Obama!
Teen Satanist: I've Killed at Least 22 Throughout Country
Teen Sells 3.85-Carat Yellow Diamond She Found At Gem Park For $20,000
Teen Sentenced To Probation For Deadly DWI Crash
Teen Set on Fire From Cigarette Lighter in "Freak" Accident: Police
Teen Sues Parents for Cash, College Tuition. Does She Have a Case?
Teen Sues Parents for Cash, College Tuition. Does She Have a Case? (18 yrs old)
Teen Who Lost His Legs in Botched Abortion Makes State Wrestling Championships
Teen addiction to pornography a growing problem
Teen arrested for beating and raping a 70-year-old nun in parking lot of church where she serves
Teen arrested for murder of Nathan Trapuzzano
Teen brothers accused of killing Iraq war veteran after arranging to sell him iPad on Craigslist
Teen charged as adult in Philly school shooting (Jan. 17, 2014)
Teen charged in decapitation death 'wanted to leave his aunt a present'
Teen charged with hate crime in beating of driver
Teen helps scientists study her own rare disease
Teen jailed for attacking girls over Harry Potter jibe
Teen misses rival & shoots innocent bus rider dead as girls laugh
Teen ordered off life support; family can appeal
Teen parents and grandfather made their toddler smoke pot
Teen pleads not guilty in deadly south Charlotte wreck
Teen pot use could hurt brain and memory, new research suggests
Teen punk accused of killing Indiana dad-to-be smirks, laughs his way into courtroom
Teen satanist Miranda Barbour admits to slaying LaFerrara, dozens of others
Teen self-defense expert expelled, jailed, because of a pocketknife
Teen self-defense expert expelled, jailed,all because of a pocketknife
Teen sneaks past guard to reach WTC spire
Teen tricks Walmart stores out of nearly $30,000
Teen who killed sister with wrestling moves sentenced to three years in juvenile facility
Teen who stole Guy Fieri's Lamborghini gets life in prison
Teen's Facebook Post Costs Father $80,000
Teen: Suspended for Confederate flag on truck
Teenage Caregivers Laugh, Film Themselves Beating 98-Year-Old Woman
Teenage Flash Mob Plays 'Knockout' Game, Causes Mayhem at Brooklyn Mall
Teenager dies aboard Delta flight soon after takeoff from Seattle
Teenager electrocuted while 'listening' to railway track
Teenagers smuggle WWI bombs on a Heathrow jet bound for Chicago
Teens Run Wild During Florida State Fair's First Friday
Teens and doctors avoid talking about sexual activity
Teens defend ‘fail factory’ high school in error-filled letters
Teens in Muslim burkas try to rob Delco gun shop
Teens in Muslim burkas try to rob Delco gun shop (Delaware County, PA)
Teens rob, beat 89-year-old man in Glen Burnie
Tehran sending ‘message’ as warships approach US
Tejas Mk-II Preliminary Design to be Out Next Month
Tel Aviv Mayor on Infiltrators: It'll End in Violence
TelePrompter Trips Biden Up
Tell A Lie A Hundred Times It Becomes The Truth
Tell Your Congressional Delegation to Boycott the SOTU
Tell me Woman’s Day did not just give Bill Clinton an award by this name
Tell us your Favorite "Ice, Winter, Snow Songs" Freeper Canteen - 7 Feb 2014
Telmarketing phonecalls on cell phone
Temple Mount Activist: Only the People Can Stop Desecration
Temple Mount high
Temptation: Satan Will Do All He Can To Seperate Us From The Love Of Christ
Ten Countries Racing to Buy American Homes
Ten Million Man March
Ten Million Man March on DC?
Ten Most Wanted
Ten Obamacare Predictions for 2014
Ten Tips for the Best Lent [Catholic Caucus]
Ten Ways Noah’s Ark Prefigured the Church
Ten Ways to Start the New Year Fresh -- Again
Ten Year Marriage Contracts:What Do You Think?
Ten Years of Nonsense: Designated Evil and Sarah Palin
Ten achievements of Clarence Thomas? (vanity)
Ten freshman governors who have shrunk their states’ bureaucracies
Ten questions to ask your biology teacher about evolution.
Ten things you need to know about Turkey
Ten years after Oswald assasinated Kennedy Democrats became Marxist party.
Tenant Charged After Landlord, Father Found Nearly Beheaded in Brooklyn Building
Tenants Upset After E-Cigarettes Banned By Section 8 Housing
Tenn girl, 5, dies from being forced to drink soda
Tenn. lawmakers: VW incentives threatened by UAW
Tenn. package bomb explosion: Son-in-law charged in case that killed 2
Tennessee Considers Eliminating Hall Tax
Tennessee GOP Senator Alexander Has Done Nothing to Stop Obamacare
Tennessee Nullification of Obamacare & All Federal Gun Laws Legislation Introduced
Tennessee Senate votes for open gun carry without permit
Tennessee Water Resources Employees Warned
Tennessee bill takes on NSA encryption-breaking facility at Oak Ridge
Tennessee liquor store bans Russian vodka in support of Ukraine
Tennessee on the Edge of Repealing Knife Ban
Tennis Appeals Comcast Decision to Supremes - Says D.C. circuit ignores congressional intent
Tens of Thousands of D.C. Gun Owners Forced to Re-Register Firearms (within 90 days)
Tens of thousands fled socialized Canadian medicine in 2013
Tens of thousands likely without power until Saturday
Tens of thousands protest in France defending traditional family values
Tense Exchange Between Russian Soldiers 'Following Orders' and Unarmed Ukrainians Caught on Tape
Tense Video: Feds Taser Pro-Nevada Rancher Protester During Clash
Tense confrontation: Congressman asks Sebelius for list of ObamaCare plans that don’t cover abortion
Tension in Democratic Party after Obama speech
Tensions between Russia and U.S. heat up again: Which country has more to lose?
Tensions high between black, white officers in St. Petersburg Police Department
Tentative funeral plans underway as Sharon's condition deteriorates (will world leaders attend?)
Term 'annexation' cannot be applied to Crimea’s reunification with Russia — Lavrov
Terminally sick children have been secretly given deadly overdoses by British doctors....
Terms that we hope not to see again in 2014
Terracotta Warriors Inspired by Ancient Greek Art
Terri Schiavo family becomes involved in Jahi's case [Oakland Teen Facing Death]
Terrific! Batteries on Missing #MH370 Black Box Were [NOT!] Expired, Due to Be Replaced
Terrified Dogs Don’t Want To Pass The Cats [video]
Terrifying moment father-to-be, 24, was shot dead in morning mugging (indianapolis)
Terrifying, Unacceptable Terms of Surrender in the Same Sex "Marriage" Battle
Terror Camps Training for Jihad in the United States Have Hit Teams
Terror fear over FOUR mystery passengers on missing plane MH370
Terrorism Task Force Raid Leads to Guilty Pleas
Terrorist Bombs May Already Be Built-Into Walls of Olympic Venues by Infiltrated Construction Crews
Terrorist Threat To U.S. Power Grid Grows
Terrorist abetting attorney released from prison thanks to Obama administration
Terrorist attack in Shabqadar
Terrorist hired as an Obamacare “navigator” because Obama thinks background checks are “racist”
Terry Bowman Announces his run against Debbie Dingell ( John Dingell's Seat)
Terry Bradshaw Talks to Jay Leno About (Duck Dynast's) Phil Robertson (Video)
Terry Bradshaw Talks to Jay Leno About (Duck Dynasty's) Phil Robertson (Video)
Terry Lee Loewen ID’ed as Suspect in Wichita Airport Bomb Plot
Tesla Just Took Its First Step Toward Obliterating The Power Companies
Tesla May Raise the Green Bar With New Battery Factory
Tesla Motors' Dirty Little Secret Is a Major Problem
Tesla battery swap a fake - company gets $55M for non-existent feature
Tesla drivers like Drudge Report, financial news: study
Tesla just got a $30-million tax break
Tesla reveals $5 billion Gigafactory, the world's largest battery plant
Tesla takes on car dealers in a fight to the death
Tesla versus Corvette – who wins in a quarter mile sprint?
Tesla's 'GigaFactory': Batteries not included?
Tesla's future rides on a massive battery plant
Tesoro bars federal safety agency from East Bay refinery
Tesoro updating rail oil cars with safer versions
Test Your Knowledge of Basic Economics...
Testimonies from ex-Roman Catholic Priests
Testing "tinypic" photo uploading-can you see this image?
Testy Mayor de Blasio Spars With Press Over Call To NYPD About Bishop Orlando Findlayter Arrest
Texan Hispanics Tilt Democratic, but State Likely to Stay Red
Texan Who Fought for Civil Rights After Freeing Nazi Death Camp Dies
Texan charged with hate crime for 'knockout game' hit denied bail
Texan tourist plunges 350 feet to his death after falling off Grand Canyon's South Rim
Texans boost natural gas use for driving, but not for power
Texans vote in primaries shaken by Tea Party influence
Texas -Cop shoots 72-year-old dead in his home (Wrong address, no charges)
Texas A&M study names Obama 5th best American President
Texas Baptist Universities and Westminster Seminary Win Lawsuit Against Controversial HHS Mandate
Texas Billionaire Harold Simmons Dies; Called Obama 'Most Dangerous Man In America'
Texas Border County Sued for 105 Percent Voter Registration
Texas Business Groups Ally to Counter Tea Party Influence in GOP Primaries
Texas Candidate Giving Away An AR-15 (Legal or illegal? Smart or not smart?)
Texas Conservative Steve Stockman to Challenge Senator John Cornyn
Texas Court Rules That Police May Introduce Illegally-Gathered Evidence At Trial
Texas Dad fatally Shoots 17-Year-old boy he Finds Hiding in Daughter’s Bedroom: Deputies
Texas Death Row Inmate Pens Letter Comparing Prison to Slavery
Texas Defies Feds: ‘We Shut the Border Down Ourselves’, Says Lt. Gov.
Texas Demands a Picture ID AND My Social Security Number for a Fishing License?
Texas Dog Travels 800 Miles in 1 Day
Texas Embraces Creators of Failed Healthcare.gov
Texas Executed Mexican National for Murder and Rape
Texas Executes Illegal Alien Murderer Despite Angry Protest from Mexico
Texas Execution Back On After Appeals Court Overturns Lower Judge
Texas G.O.P. Eagerly Jumps on Neglected Bandwagons (Praises Cornyn Facebook campaign efforts)
Texas GOP poll: Cornyn 43% leads Stockman 28%; Failure to garner 50% triggers run off
Texas GOP primary – a good night for conservatives
Texas Gov. Perry throws support behind McConnell
Texas Gov. Rick Perry defends states' right to legalize marijuana
Texas Gov. Rick Perry hearts California
Texas Gov. Rick Perry: The Tone From This President Is Troubling (VIDEO with complete transcript)
Texas Grand Jury refuses to indict homeowner in shooting death of sheriff’s deputy
Texas Has the Formula
Texas Icon: A body covered with horns and the ability to shoot blood from their eyes
Texas Immigrant Community Still Leery Of ACA Health Care Sign Up
Texas Instruments to cut 1,100 jobs worldwide
Texas Is Latest Red State To See Same-Sex Marriage Ban Ruled Unconstitutional (The Left gloats)
Texas Lawmaker on Amnesty: ‘Republicans Will Never Win a Presidential Election Again’
Texas Lt. Governor Candidate Leticia Van de Putte as Pro-Abortion as Wendy Davis
Texas Lt. Governor: We Shut Down the Border Ourselves
Texas Mall that Banned Guns over Open Carry Losing Business
Texas Mayor proclaims 2014 Year of the Bible
Texas Mom Confronts Drunken Driver Who Left Son Nearly Brain Dead
Texas Overtakes California, Leads Nation In Tech Exports
Texas Parks and Wildlife Now Has a SWAT Team
Texas Parks and Wildlife Now Has a SWAT Team (Is the militarization of police finally complete?)
Texas Pol Hopes to Gather His Road Kill -- And Eat it Too (PETA approves)
Texas Primaries: Cornyn Slipping Well Below 50%
Texas Primary Election Results 2014: Live Senate Map by County, Midterm Races
Texas Primary Primer: For John Cornyn, A Stockman Surprise
Texas Primary Proves Cruz, Tea Party Still Hold Sway
Texas Rangers draft Seahawks QB Russell Wilson
Texas Senate Candidate Dwayne Stovall Discusses Campaign [Audio]
Texas Senate hopeful compares McConnell to a turtle [VIDEO] (Anti-Cornyn ad from Dwayne Stovall)
Texas Tea (LSM nervous about Cornyn challengers..)
Texas Tea Party Taking Power Back From Conservative Business Groups
Texas Tea Party challengers fizzle (Cornyn panic, GOP-e, LSM fear alert...)
Texas Telephone Poll: Stockman Gaining Against Cornyn In Primary Battle (Cornyn at 43%)
Texas Telephone Survey: Republicans Undecided About Cornyn and Stockman
Texas Terror Enclave Exposed
Texas Town Pays Ted Nugent $16K to Stay Away From 4th of July Concert
Texas Treasures 2: He's 6' tall, wingspread 7 1/2', 'Ghost cat', Unchanged for 200M yrs
Texas Tribune Downplays Video Proving Left-wing Voter Fraud in Lone Star State
Texas Turn In Shows Effective Private Purchasers (buyback)
Texas Veterans Illegally Arrested, Guns Confiscated
Texas Voters Take A Stand: 9 out of 10 Want Obamacare Repealed and Welfare Recipients Drug Tested
Texas Woman Calls Out Apparently Cheating Husband With Newspaper Ad
Texas behind us. On to North Carolina! (vanity)
Texas coeds tap sugar daddies for college tuition at record rates
Texas court rules that police may introduce illegally gathered evidence at trial
Texas day care center bans 3-year-old girl over curse word
Texas executes Mexican national despite opposition
Texas executes man despite opposition from Mexico
Texas father shoots boy, 17, to death in teenage daughter's bedroom
Texas finds new execution drug supply
Texas gov candidate Wendy Davis under fire for fuzzy details in life story
Texas grade school bans Christmas despite new state law EXPLICITLY allowing Christmas
Texas gun show pulls plug; refuses to comply with Dems’ background checks
Texas high school's $60 million stadium has 'extensive cracking'
Texas hospital to take pregnant, brain-dead woman off ventilator (Update: It's been done)
Texas judge claims he was saving girlfriend’s life, not choking her
Texas judge orders pregnant mom removed from life support: cites legal abortion during arguments
Texas law safeguards Christmas cheer in schools (Some good news!)
Texas man says he killed Bigfoot; Has body and pictures to prove it
Texas man will NOT be charged for fatal shooting of sheriff's deputy
Texas nuclear power plants seek new workforce
Texas open carry group seeks spotlight on harassment of veterans and gun owners
Texas producing 36 percent of US crude
Texas senator wins unofficial straw poll for president at Penobscot County caucus
Texas set to execute aspiring rapper for murdering studio manager
Texas stiletto heel stabbing trial close to going to jury
Texas tea party sours on Stockman (Politico propaganda for Cornyn, Rove...)
Texas technology exports exceed California’s numbers
Texas teen Ethan Couch gets 10 years' probation for driving drunk, killing 4 (wealth blamed)
Texas teen gets 10 years probation for driving drunk, killing 4.
Texas teen in good condition after plummeting over 3,000 feet in skydiving accident
Texas to execute Mexican citizen despite US concerns
Texas tops nation in new wind power construction
Texas vote-buying case casts glare on tradition of election day goads
Texas woman gives birth to quintuplets
Texas woman strangled newborn son, tossed him in trash: police
Texas – Sen. Cornyn in Danger Zone Against GOP Primary Opponent
Texas' ban on gay marriage ruled unconstitutional
Texas's Wendy Davis Admits Inconsistencies in Biography(but perjury is still a problem for her)
Texas, California embody red-blue divide
Texas: Another Bogus Open Carry "Disorderly Conduct" Arrest
Texas: Dems’ leading Senate candidate is a LaRouchie who thinks Obama is a genocidal narcissist
Texas: John Cornyn vs. Steve Stockman U.S. Senate Race
TexasGOPVote Blogger Endorsements: Dwayne Stovall for Senator (Cornyn opponent)
Text of Obama's Remarks on Fort Hood Shooting
Thad Cochran Is No Reagan Conservative (good history, Cochran was rarely with Reagan)
Thad Cochran Showing Early Signs of Desperation (could have retired!)
Thad Cochran to run for reelection
Thad Cochran, In Trouble and Not Making It Any Better
Thad Cochran: I Still Have No Idea What the Tea Party Is
Thai Radar Might Have Tracked Missing Plane
Thai military radar data bolsters belief that Flight 370 changed its path
Thai protesters cut power, water to PM's offices
Thai protesters target ministries, threaten bourse
Thailand Gives Radar Data 10 Days After Plane Lost
Thailand declares state of emergency in Bangkok
Thailand's 'red villages' eye Bangkok protests
Thailand: Muslims “strike terror into the enemies of Allah” with new spate of burnings and...
Thales Radar Excels In Danish Missile Firings
Thank God She Lost: Bitter Sarah Palin Calls for the Nuking of Russia ASAP (Rent-free since '08)
Thank God the Murrysville School Attack Wasn’t Guns (That didn't take long)
Thank You President Obama for Freeing Me
Thank You to the Koch Brothers: The Left’s war on pro-liberty job creators and philanthropists
Thank a Liberal for America’s Gun Ownership
Thanks Harry Reid.You Just Gave The GOP Another Health-Care Commercial.
Thanks Obama! Care- Now with 25% Fewer Jobs!
Thanks Obamacare: You’re at Risk of Having Your ID Stolen and Your Bank Account Emptied
Thanks for the Job, Mr. Rumsfeld
Thanks for the medals...but who are you?
Thanks taxpayers! Globetrotting Michelle Obama announces luxurious vacation to China
Thanks to Fracking, U.S. Will Pass Saudi Arabia In Oil Production
Thanks to Government, Banks Now Treat You Like Crap and Spy on You
Thanks, Anti-Vaxxers. You Just Brought Back Measles in NYC.
Thanks, Obama! University must destroy health plans to stay compliant
Thanks, Obama: Blue Cross Blue Shield of Alabama will itemize ACA taxes on consumer bills (photo
That a guy like Putin might act like a guy like Putin never occurred to them.
That knife in your back (Stockman/Cornyn)
That powdered doughnut could kill you, study shows
That snapping sound you hear is the AFL-CIO’s white flag of surrender flying over Dixie
That"New New York Commercial".Did Andrew Cuomo Just Scare Potential Customers Away?
That's me in mum's tum! Amazing 3D pictures that made Kate Wighton fall in love with her baby girl
That's odd: Kittens pull 'break-in' at upstate NY prison
That’s rich: Poverty level under Obama breaks 50-year record
The "Al Gore Global Warming Winter"Officially Here.So Where Is Al Gore Hiding This Time.
The "Born Gay" Hoax
The "Catholic" John Calvin: 50 Areas Where His Views Are Harmonious With Catholic Teaching
The "Gospel of Jesus' Wife" Is Most Likely Not a Modern Fake
The "Independent" US Media Just Wants You To Shop Till You Drop
The "Quit Work" Movement is a Cheap Campaign Ploy by Desperate Democrats
The "Ukraine Situation" Explained In One Map
The "peace process," Israel and official antisemitic policies.
The #1 Fallacy of Protestantism
The #rd Artillery and the SS San Francisco Disaster
The $1 Trillion Omnibus Spending Bill Is Out: Now Find Out What's In It (Video)
The $2 Billion Education Funding Myth
The $2.2 Billion Bird-Scorching Solar Project
The $700 million Disney-style campus complete with an ice cream truck, a movie theatre and Skee ball
The 'Evil' Koch brothers are just 59th on the top political donation list
The 'Facebook Bubble' Bubble
The 'Fairness' Fraud
The 'Kerry Plan': Palestinian capital in east Jerusalem, recognition of Jewish state
The 'political gaffe of the year' might just hand GOP the Iowa Senate seat
The (R) Does Not Stand for Racist
The (Race) War on Christmas: Megyn Kelly Declares ‘Santa Claus Just Is White’ and So Was Jesus
The (Rush) Limbaugh Letter, “My Conversation with Bill Donohue” (Catholic League)
The (un)Talented Mr Obama
The 1 officer who stands between you and militarized police
The 1.3 Million "Still Unemployed".Where Do They Live?Los Angeles?,New York?,Chicago?
The 10 Authentic Trappist Monk Beers (Chill your mugs & steins, alert!)
The 10 Best Conservative Columnists of 2013 -- Who are the most valuable pieces on the chessboard?
The 10 Biggest Winners of 2013
The 10 Cities Most At Risk Of Being Hit By Natural Disasters
The 10 Most Corrupt Mexicans Of 2013
The 10 Most Hated Companies in America
The 10 Most Outrageous Government Boondoggles I Ever Saw
The 10 Richest U.S. Presidents
The 10 best captions from "What is Bill Clinton saying to the 'flirting' Obama and Biden?"
The 100 Most Important Radio Talk Show Hosts in America
The 106.2% Solution? Top 40% Paid 106.2% of Income Taxes While Bottom 40% Paid -9.1%
The 11 principles of a Reagan conservative
The 1100 Charter of Liberties
The 12 Cats Of Chrismahanukwanzakah: Spangles
The 12 Jobs Most At Risk Of Being Replaced By Robots
The 12 Worst Supermarkets in America
The 12 days of Catmas
The 124 States of America: if all the secessionist movements had been successful
The 13 best captions for "What is this little girl saying to Obama?"
The 14 (Senate Races)
The 15 Dumbest Anti–Hobby Lobby Signs at the Supreme Court
The 15 Highest-Paying Companies in America
The 17 Most Ridiculous Photos From The Nightmare Sochi Olympic Hotels
The 1993 Houston Oilers had at least two gay players, former teammates say
The 2,300-year-old torture chamber: Ancient dungeon [SNIP] in Turkey
The 20 Best Conservative Colleges in America
The 20 Most Annoying Liberals of 2013
The 2012 Election was a Fraud (Yes it was)
The 2013 Darwin Awards Are Out!
The 2013 Quotation Special
The 2014 SOTU Address.Will There Be A "Deaf Interpreter" Standing Next To Obama?
The 2014 Ukrainian Maidan Revolt
The 2105 Ford F-150 Looks Even Better live
The 23 Most Unforgivable Spelling Mistakes Of 2013
The 25 Best Companies To Work For In 2014
The 25 Happiest Companies In America
The 25 Pictures Girls Need to Stop Posting in Social Media (slide show)
The 25 Stupidest Liberal Quotes Of The Last Decade
The 25 Worst Passwords of 2013: 'password' Gets Dethroned (123456 Is New Champ)
The 3 Best Super Bowl Ads Ever
The 3 days of darkness – underway
The 3,000-year-old inscription that could prove Old Testament stories are TRUE
The 30 Best Quotes Of 2013
The 32 Naughtiest Cats Of All Time. What They've Done Is PURE EVIL! [images]
The 38 Most Haunting Abandoned Places On Earth.
The 3D Printers Are Coming: Dig More Coal? (Will it disrupt Chinese manufacturing?)
The 3D printer that can build a house in 24 hours
The 5 Best Dogs for Your Golden Years
The 5 Most Shocking Revelations in Report Alleging Sharpton Was an FBI Informant
The 5 Most Successful Biblical Movies Of All Time
The 5 Wealthy Countries With the Best Demographics
The 5 Worst Books for Your Children: Why they should be avoided.
The 5 Worst Christmas Songs of All Time
The 5,400mph superweapon: 'Star Wars' gun can fire shells at seven times speed of sound through
The 50 Greatest Led Zeppelin Songs
The 520-million-year-old gentle giant: Fossil reveals bizarre new species of ..filtered plankton
The 6 Biggest Myths About Millionaires
The 6 Second Garage Door Break-In You Can Prevent
The 7 Million Enslaved Celebration (Saturbray)
The 7 Other Popes Who (May Have) Resigned
The 7 Reasons America Became A Great Power
The 7 Ways Islam Kills Romance
The 7 most absurd things Harry Reid said in 2013
The 77 Percent Lie — and Why Obama Keeps Telling It
The 777 was a what? On a what? Spy mission?
The 8 Cities That Could Host the 2016 GOP Convention
The 8 Juiciest Revelations From The Bob McDonnell Indictment Read more:
The 86th Annual Academy Awards 2014 Oscars: Complete Winners List
The 86th Annual Academy Awards thread - March 2nd, 2014 7pm EST
The ABC's of Diplomacy - Obama Presser Photo
The ABC's of School Choice
The ACA: Still Falling Short -- Seven million enrollees (even if true) won’t save Obamacare.
The ACA’s Heavy Burden: The Supreme Court Takes on Hobby Lobby's Appeal to Protect Religious Liberty
The ASA Boycott: Academic Freedom for Me, But Not for Thee
The Adoration of Russell Wilson (a very good story about a very good guy)
The Affordable Care Act: Comedy, Drama & Reality (Propaganda Training Event)
The Afghan Drug War after 2014
The Afghan Village That Saved Navy SEAL Marcus Luttrell
The Age Of The Great American Dissolve
The Age of Intolerance (Mark Steyn)
The Age of Obama: Race Hustling and the Composite War On Women
The Agony of Frank Luntz
The Air Boehner Tax ["Sorry. My Irish is up."]
The Air Force’s New Gunship Is Easier to Shoot Up
The Alarming Rise of Campus Anti-Semitism
The Amazing Adventures of Super Bureaucrat!
The Ambivalent Superpower
The American Fag Tee Contorvesy SOLVED!
The American Mafia Was a Melting Pot
The American media destroys the right and mandate given by the Constitution
The Americans who died for Canada in WWII finally get their due: 'These men are my heroes'
The Americans with Charlie LeDuff: The death of the UAW
The Amnesty Scam
The Anatomy of Original Sin: The Sin of Adam was Far More than Eating a Piece of Fruit.
The Ancient Ghost City of Ani
The Ancient, Biblical Christian Practice of Venerating Relics
The Angels Cried for Caroline
The Angels in Bethlehem
The Angry Left
The Annotated Obama
The Anti-E-Cigarette Conspiracy: Why would we want to block the smokers’ best chance of quitting?
The Anti-Empirical Left
The Anti-Russian Human Rights Watch Video is a Hoax
The Apollo found that divides Gaza
The Apostasy of World Vision
The Apostasy of World Vision Embracing Gay Marriage
The Appeaser Re-appeases
The Ark Rested in Bethlehem
The Ark: Could Noah's Tale Be True?
The Arrogance Of The President
The Art of the Escape
The Astonishing Way a Deadly Accurate Sniper Killed Six Taliban Insurgents...
The Atheist Christmas Billboard
The Atlantic: We may run out of winter for the Winter Olympics (Will Sochi be the last one?)
The Audio That Beck Says Should Sink Obama’s Poll Numbers to the ‘20s’
The Austerity Flip-Flop (Krugman)
The BDS Perversion of Reality
The BOLD Republican Plan for Health Care (not the Hatch, Coburn, and Burr bill)
The Backlash of Moral Equivalency on Ukraine
The Backpack Cannon: Smith & Wesson unveil their new monster revolver..
The Bacon Weave Taco
The Balkanization of America
The Bankruptcy Of Modern Economics
The Barbour Gang rides to Thad Cochran’s rescue
The Basic Steps of Lectio Divina [Ecumenical]
The Battle Of The Selfies
The Battle of Athens: Restoring the Rule of Law
The Beatles - You Never Give Me Your Money (Freep-a-Thon Alert)
The Beatles' Demonic Vanguard Against America's Judeo/Christian Founding
The Beau Brummels - Laugh Laugh (Shindig) video 1:46min
The Beginning of the Reckoning for Obama and USA
The Belarusian Connection Obamacare network vulnerable to cyber attack
The Belarusian Connection; Obamacare network vulnerable to cyber attack
The Belshazzar Problem
The Beltway GOP Establishment is Pushing a Pro-Abortion Senate Candidate on Oregon
The Benghazi Difference
The Benghazi Transcripts: Top Defense officials briefed Obama on ‘attack,’ not video or protest
The Benghazi Transcripts: US military woefully unprepared for attack, documents show
The Bermuda Triangle - Debunked?
The Bernankeburg Omen: The Hindenburg, Elliott Wave And The Fed Balance Sheet
The Best Argument for Marriage I’ve Ever Heard
The Best Matching Group Fashions Seen at the March for Life
The Best Plan for Tax Reform
The Best Policy
The Best Political Ad for 2014By Bruce Walker (the unfitness of Democrat pols)
The Best Pro-Life Video Ever!
The Best State in America Is…?
The Best Way for Politicians to “Create” Jobs Is to…Get Out of the Way
The Best Way to Eat Chicken Wings: Tips From America’s Top Competitive Eaters
The Best and Worst 2013 Predictions: Who was right and who was wrong?
The Best and Worst Policy Developments of 2013
The Best and Worst Run Cities in America
The Best of the So Called Recovery is Behind Us
The Bible & the Church
The Bible Is Loud & Clear, Homosexuality Is An Abomination To God
The Bible Reborn
The Bible is Wrong!!! (Grammatically)
The Bible vs The Book of Mormon (Great video, 1H+)
The Bible: A Fresh New Perspective
The Bible: From Standpoint to Application (PODCAST)
The Biblical Evidence for Hell
The Bielskis would spit in their faces. Kurt Hofmann: "Noting link between forced disarmament,
The Big Apple or the Red Apple?
The Big Political Story Of 2016 Will Not Be About Who Replaces Obama
The Big Question about the Pope’s Thursday Homily
The Big Topic on Campus: Racial ‘Microaggressions’
The Biggest Impediment for the Poor Is Government, not Inequality
The Biggest Rocket Ever made
The Bill Arrives for Cosmology's Free Lunch (NASA Should Be Islam's PR Firm)
The Bill of Rights: 222 Years and Counting
The Billionaires Start Lining Up Behind Hillary Clinton
The Biological Warfare of Wasps
The Birth of the American City-state: Socialist big cities vs. the conservative countrysides.
The Birth-Control Battle: So much for 'Stay Out Of My Womb'
The Bitcoin Debacle Shatters the Myth of Virtual Money
The Bitcoin Price Just Crossed $1,000 Again
The Black Hitler of Harlem
The Black Horse Draws Near...Rev 4-6 pt 13
The Blackmail Paradox
The Blaze (Glenn Beck's website) seems to have gone down.
The Blaze Investigation: How Obama and the Army Betrayed the Victims of Fort Hood
The Blaze Website
The Blessd Man...Psalm 1 pt 1
The Blood Being Shed in Kiev is on Putin’s Hands
The Blood Moon Has Been Canceled
The Blood of the Young Innocents
The Blue Steel Right to Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness
The Blue-Eyed Racism Of Vladimir Putin
The Boer and his gun
The Boneless Wonder Works Magic in Ukraine
The Bottom Of The Barrel
The Bountiful Blessings of Baptism
The Boy Scouts of America is a Sinking Ship and Trail Life USA is the Life Raft
The Branding of Nelson Mandela
The Brave New World of Same-Sex Marriage
The Bread-ish Difference Between Capitalism and Socialism
The Bridegroom Comes! A reflection on the Great Wedding Feast That Christmas Brings
The Brief: George P. Calls Out "Ignorant Statements" on Hispanics
The Briefcase Returns to End Our Obamanomic Malaise: Boom-Chuck-A-Luck-A
The British Library Have Released Over a Million Images Onto Flickr Commons
The Brutal Ageism of the Tech Industry
The Brutal New Attack Ad About The Senator Who Doesn't Live In Kansas Anymore (Amazing ad)
The Brutal Side to Immigration That Congress Should Be Talking About
The Buck Who Carried His Rival’s Head (Deer Survives 2 Months w/ Severed Head Locked in Its Antlers)
The Buffoon at the Chicago Tribune
The Burden of the Lord
The C of E: Gayer, Grayer … & Going Away?
The CA microstamping law is having its intended effect
The CGF Publishes 2012-2013 California Handgun Carry License Reports
The CHP, a right-wing gunman, and Glenn Beck
The CIA Reminds Us Who's Boss
The CIA “Brennan” VS The Senate “Feinstein”…. And Something Odd In The Joust!
The CPAC Speeches
The Caleb Bonham Show: Common Core Math
The Campaign Spot Hey, Minor Detail: Almost Nobody’s Paid for Their New Insurance Yet
The Canard of Decline
The Canaris Cover-Up
The Carmelite Martyrs of Compiegne
The Case Against Early Voting
The Case That Could Topple Obamacare
The Case for Christmas (Part 1)
The Case for Female SEALs (More PC Insanity)
The Case for War
The Cat Who Slaps Gators
The Catechism Explained - Pt. I Faith - THE DIVINE ATTRIBUTES
The Catechism Explained - Pt. I Faith - THE DIVINE ESSENCE
The Catechism Explained - Pt. I Faith – DIVINE PROVIDENCE
The Catechism Explained - Pt. I Faith – HISTORY OF CREATION.
The Catechism Explained - Pt. I Faith – MAN.
The Catechism Explained - Pt. I Faith – THE ANGELS
The Catechism Explained - Pt. I Faith – THE BLESSED TRINITY.
The Catechism Explained - Pt. I Faith – THE CHRISTIAN UNDER SUFFERING
The Catechism Explained - Pt. I Faith – THE SOUL OF MAN.
The Catechism Explained - Pt. I Faith – THE SUPERNATURAL ENDOWMENTS OF MAN.
The Catechism Explained Pt. I Faith X. THE APOSTLES' CREED/THE EXISTENCE OF A SUPREME BEING
The Catechism Explained – Pt. I Faith - III. THE PREACHING OF THE GOSPEL.
The Catechism Explained – Pt. I Faith - IV. HOLY SCRIPTURE AND TRADITION
The Catechism Explained – Pt. I Faith - IX. THE SIGN OF THE CROSS.
The Catechism Explained – Pt. I Faith - V. THE CHRISTIAN FAITH.
The Catechism Explained – Pt. I Faith - VI. THE MOTIVES OF FAITH.
The Catechism Explained – Pt. I Faith - VII. ON THE ABSENCE AND LOSS OF FAITH.
The Catechism Explained – Pt. I Faith - VIII. ON THE DUTY OF CONFESSING OUR FAITH.
The Catholic Battle: Do you believe in the supernatural?
The Catholic Church’s view of marriage
The Catholic Free Press: Christ did not institute a hierarchical Church
The Catholic Roots of Obama’s Activism
The Catholic Roots of Obama’s Activism (Marxist roots, plus first name of 1988 girlfriend?)
The Catholic Supreme Court’s War on Women [It's Over! Most bigoted column of 2014]
The Catholic Writer Today
The Centennial: 100 Years of Flight (originally published in 2003)
The Certificate of Need 'CON' Job - Regulation increases health care costs 11 percent
The Challenge is Growth, Not Inequality
The Challenges with Medicaid Expansion in Virginia
The Chamber’s War on the Right Is So Wrong
The Charge of the Lightweight Brigade ... Mark Steyn
The Charter Conspirators
The Chatter: Governor bets bourbon on Final Four game; Ky. health exchange in national spotlight
The Chattering Classes 2013
The Cheap Asian 3D Printer Rivals Are Here
The Cherubim and The Gospels...Rev 4-6 pt 6
The Chill of a World Waiting to be Warmed
The Chinese Are Acquiring Large Chunks Of Land In Communities All Over America
The Chinese Are Buying Large Chunks Of Land Across America (And Zillow Is Now Enabling It)
The Chinese Space threat: A Clear and Present Danger (June 2013)
The Chris Christie Scandal: Fat And Furious: ROOT For America
The Christian right’s 5 most dangerous candidates for Congress
The Christie Crumblers
The Christmas Carol For the Christian Right
The Christmas Intruder
The Christmas Reality in Light of Today's Crises
The Christmas Scale
The Christmas Spirit
The Christmas Star
The Christmas Tree
The Church Is Israel Now
The Church of Christ Is Hierarchical
The Church of England will mount no more resistance to gay marriage among churchgoers
The Church of Global Warming hearts communism
The Churching of Women and it Relation to the Feast of the Presentation
The Circumlocution Office Shows the Economy How NOT to Do It.
The City and State Pension Crisis Has Only Just Begun
The Civilianization of War
The Clichémonger-in-Chief
The Clinton library's secret files
The Clintons in the War on Women
The Closed Mind of the Open-Minded Mr. Kaiser
The Clown Prince Of Journalism
The Collapse Of Obamacare (video)
The Collapse of The American Dream Explained in Animation
The College Education Scam
The College Football Czar: 2013-14 Bowl Game Picks
The College Football Czar: Week 15
The Color of Georgia
The Color of His Presidency
The Combat of an Exorcist Today -- What the Devil Must Disclose
The Coming 2014 Expropriation of 10% of Everyone’s Accounts
The Coming Collapse of the Welfare State: We're running out of people; not just money
The Coming Demographic Winter
The Coming GOP Amnesty Sellout Push
The Coming Global Wealth Tax
The Coming Obamacare Shock for 170 Million Americans
The Coming Obamacare Shock for 170 Million Americans [Obama admin admits 93M could lose insurance]
The Coming Paradigm Shift on Climate
The Coming Paradigm Shift on Climate: Evidence suggests that Nature rules the climate – not Man.
The Common Core: A Train Wreck Coming for Catholic Schools…
The Common Denominator in American Politics Today
The Communist Party Hails De Blasio and Obama
The Communist States of America
The Complete Chinese War Preparedness And Military Update
The Complete List of Barack Obama’s Scandals, Misdeeds, Crimes and Blunders
The Complete List of Everything Banned by Mayor Michael Bloomberg
The Complex 'Military-Style' Raid on California Power Station Spooks U.S.
The Compliance of Science
The Confederate Submarine
The Congressman Who Went Off the Grid
The Conservative Fairy Tale That Won’t Go Away [knock out game]
The Conservative Myth of a Social Safety Net Built on Charity
The Conservative Persecution Complex
The Constitution Protects My Snake-Handling (Op-Ed by snake handler who just died by snakebite)
The Constitutional Amendment Process
The Continental Congress's Necessity of Taking Up Arms" on July 6, 1775
The Controversial Death of a Teenage Stringer
The Copenhagen Wheel official product release
The Core Mormon Teaching the LDS Church Didn’t Jettison
The Cossacks are Back
The Costs of Barack Obama’s Weakness
The Costs of U.S. Retreat (Al Qaeda revives in Iraq and Syria's contagion spreads to Lebanon.)
The Costs of the Environmentalism Cult: Nature will kill you
The Countdown to the Nationalization of Retirement Savings Has Begun
The Countries Americans Like Most — And The Ones They Don't
The Courage of Transgender Soldiers (NY Times Op-Ed)
The Court, the Buffer Zone, and the Marketplace Of Ideas
The Cover Oregon Disaster: Actually, things don't look very different in Oregon.
The Cowardice of Wendy Davis
The Cowardice of Wendy Davis: Passionate advocate of abortion not willing to talk about it
The Coward’s Conundrum
The Coward’s Conundrum (Cruz, McConnell, Cornyn)
The Crazed Chairman Mao: "My Boy, Barack!"
The Creationists Have Already Won Tonight's Bill Nye vs. Ken Ham Debate
The Crimea 'Referendum': Russia Revealed
The Crimea War
The Crimea: What Would You Do Different?
The Crimean Plebiscite - it's the Sudetenland 76 years later
The Crisis in Black and Brown Youth Unemployment
The Crony Obama Donors in Charge of DHS
The Crossbow: a Terrible SHTF Weapon Choice.
The Cruel Sea (1953)
The Cruelty of Creating False Expectations
The Cruelty of Gun-Free Zones
The Cruz/Mandela Dilemma (Vanity)
The Cuban Spring That Never Was – A Social Networking Petri Dish
The Cult (NOT the band)
The Cult of Global Warming is Grasping at Straws
The Cult of Marxism in America (Saturbray)
The Cult of the Visioneer
The Cultural War Against Christians
The Cure for "Affluenza" is Prison
The Curse of Freedom -- for the Governing Class
The Cutest Depiction of The Lion King Ever Created! [video]
The Cutest Moments With adopted Kitten Nikita [video]
The Cycle of Violence and Retribution Ends with Me: A Homily for the 7th Sunday of the Year
The DOJ’s Curious Foray into the ‘Knockout Game’ Fray
The Daily Treat: Born Unable to Walk, Stockings the Kitten Is Now on the Move
The Dalai Lama Will Meet With Obama at the White House
The Danger of Equating Vatican II and the Liturgical Reform
The Danger of Wet Floors
The Dangerous Pressure for Change in Church Teaching on Divorce and Remarriage
The Dangers of a Cuban Collapse ... Is Obama ready?
The Dark Road: The Worst Tax Law You've Never Heard About
The Dark Side Of Solar Power
The Dark Side of Attractional Ministry
The Data Brokers: Selling your personal information
The Date of the Book of Revelation
The Day After - The Day After
The Day I Met Jesus in Las Vegas
The Day Religious Liberty Died (legal and legislative history of religious freedom in US)
The Day They Stopped and Frisked Jimi Hendrix
The Day of Small Things: A Guest Post from Laurel Moffatt God has a heartbeat!
The Day the Dollar Dies
The Dead Continent (Vanity Commentary on Europe)
The Deadlift: 3 Reasons Why Just Picking Up Heavy Things Replaces Most of Your Gym
The Deadskins
The Dear Truth
The Death Knell for Climate Change Orthodoxy?
The Death of Common Sense [an obituary]
The Death of Journalism
The Death of the Death of Obamacare
The Debt Limit and the White House
The Decline and Fall of American Deterrence
The Decline and Fall of Political Discourse
The Decline and Fall of the ‘H’ Word (Homosexual)
The Decline of the African-American family: Racism as an explanation does not hold up
The Dedication of the McLean House
The Deep Roots of Catastrophe
The Defense Crisis
The Definition of ‘Wrong’ – How ‘Gay Rights’ relies on moral relativist philosophy
The Democrat Party's Heart Disease
The Democratic Civil War Over Energy
The Democratic Class of 1974 Passes From the Scene
The Democratic Escape Plan in Montana (Baucus leaves early)
The Democratic Party is a Cult Worthy of Jonestown
The Democratic Party: How It Can Save Itself
The Democratic Party’s uphill path to 270 electoral votes in 2016
The Democrats Are Apparently Terrified of Scott Walker
The Democrats Have a Marriage Problem
The Democrats War On Women
The Democrats are Deluding Themselves
The Democrats in the famous Obamacare signing photo are rapidly retiring
The Democrats' Feckless Attacks on Income Inequality
The Democrats' Phony 'Job Lock' Defense of ObamaCare
The Democrats' Worst Week Since the GOP's 2010 Landslide
The Democrats' choice: Repeal ObamaCare or impeach Obama
The Democrats’ Broken Record on Iran
The Democrats’ War on the Two-Party System
The Democrats’ secret plan to extend unemployment
The Demographics Behind the Democrats' 2014 Troubles
The Demonstration in Rome: Burke, the only Pastor among his Sheep
The Denier Mantle Moves On
The Desease Of Soul And The Cure...Mark 8 pt 7
The Destroyer Cometh (A dumbed-down Democratic party runs out of ideas.)
The Destroyer and the SAVIOR
The Detective (1968)
The Devil's Double-cross, For and Against Pope Francis
The Devil's Due: Satanic monument is inevitable
The Devious Secret of Obamacare
The Digital Engineer is Oil, Gas' Future
The Disappearance of Hell
The Discovery of The Valley of the Golden Mummies at Bahariya Oasis
The Disease And Cure Of The Soul...Mark 8 pt 3
The Dishonesty of Democrats' Push for an Extension of Unemployment Benefits
The Dissing of the President
The Disturbing Essence of What Is Really Wrong with the White House Spin of CBO Report
The Disturbing Truth Behind Your Next Income Tax Return
The Divine Office: Abraham's Sacrifice
The Divine Office: Agnes' twin martyrdom
The Divine Office: Christ is our head, and the wise man keeps his eyes upon him
The Divine Office: Christ lives for ever to make intercession for us
The Divine Office: Devotion must be practised in different ways
The Divine Office: In Christ are the first-fruits of the Resurrection
The Divine Office: Let Christ take shape within you
The Divine Office: Love the Lord and walk in his ways
The Divine Office: On the search for wisdom
The Divine Office: Saint Scholastica
The Divine Office: St. Cyril
The Divine Office: The Cross exemplifies every virtue
The Divine Office: The Elect
The Divine Office: The Wisdom of God has mixed wine for us and set up a feast
The Divine Office: The gift of God, the source of all goodness
The Divine Office: The hearts and minds of all believers were one
The Divine Office: The holiness of married life and family life
The Divine Office: The mystery of death
The Divine Office: The pre-eminence of love
The Divine Office: Where sin abounded grace has overflowed
The Divine Office: Without the Creator the creature would disappear.
The Divine Office: You shall be my witnesses
The Doctrine of Academic Freedom (Let’s Give up on Academic Freedom in Favor of Justice)
The Doctrine of Academic Freedom - Let’s give up on academic freedom in favor of justice
The Double Portion of Revival " RESTORATION" your ( ( (Complete Blessing ) ) ) The Cup Of Communion
The Downside of Inciting Envy
The Dramatic and Final Words of the Old Testament. A fitting close to the Advent Season
The Dream Act By Executive Order Draws In New Wave Of Illegal Immigrants
The Drive-By Media Thinks Obama Has Accepted Reality: I'm His Problem
The Drone That Shot Down the Feds
The Drought is Back in California -- and the Left Says Capitalism is the Culprit
The Duke Lacrosse Accuser Stands by Her Story
The Duke porn star should quit her job for a much more lucrative prospect...
The EITHER/OR of "It's EITHER Calvinism OR Arminianism" has proven useless
The EPA is charging $75,000/day over a private citizen’s pond, but don’t you worry about their..
The EPA’s next regulatory frontier: Methane emissions
The Easybeats - Friday On My Mind-1966 (2:40min Video)
The Economics of Limiting Russian Expansion (How To Get It Right On Ukraine)
The Economist Who Exposed ObamaCare
The Economy Is Going to Implode
The Economy Really is the Republicans’ Fault
The Economy's Missing Workers
The Education of Barack Obama: The Devil’s in the Details.
The Effects Of Environmentalist and Climate Alarmist Crying Wolf Begin To Appear
The Effects of Mass Muslim Immigration
The Egyptian way in challenging terrorism (Lots of 25Jan14 Mass gathering Photos/videos)
The Eighties Called: Do We Want Their Foreign Policy Back?
The Election of Tsar Michael I of All Russia
The Electric Car Boondoggle (Cost comparisons)
The Elephant Artist, no really.....
The Elephant in the ‘Christian Persecution’ Room
The Embarrassing California Obamacare Glitch Involving Deaf Callers and a Naughty Hotline
The Empire of the Antichrist Is Very Near
The Employee of the Month Has a Battery: Minimum wage hikes accelerating trend toward automation
The Employment And Economic Consequences Of Fracking Bans
The Emptiness of the Right Side of History
The Encroaching Nature of Power, Ever to be Watched and Checked. Cato's Letter No. 115
The End of Erdogan? (Turkey)
The End of International Law: A post-American world means the end of international order.
The End of Snow?
The End of an Era: Fashion Discount Retailer Dots Files Chapter 11 Bankruptcy and Closes Its Doors
The End of the Missile Boats Era? (Israel)
The Endangered Animal Act of Futility
The Endangered Species Act Turns 40 — Hold the Applause
The Energy Link: Energy Producing States and Rising Incomes
The Energy Revolution Can Revive the American Dream
The Enigma of Barack Obama
The Entertainment President
The Environmentalists Are Not Giving Up
The Establishment Holds Fire in the GOP Civil War
The Establishment, Allegations of Purity, and Reality
The Ethos of Obama's Change
The Etymology of Funk ( The music and the term)
The Eurasianist Threat - Putin’s ambitions extend far beyond Ukraine
The Eurasianist Threat. Putin’s ambitions extend far beyond Ukraine.
The Euro Is Not Overvalued (Nor Is Any Other Currency)
The Evangelistic Brilliance of Frank Sheed
The Evil Empire Strikes Again
The Evil within Church leaders/ ministers, "reverends", etc. Short video!
The Evolution of Class Warfare in America
The Expert...a short comedy sketch.
The Exquisitely Reengineered Frankenstein Housing Monster
The Exxon Mobil effect - Corporate Campus Texas
The Eyes of St. Lucy
The FBI's IRS Outrage Can law enforcers investigate a crime without interviewing any witnesses?
The FCC Plan To Police The Newsrooms [Team Obamugabe's Totalitarian Hopes]
The FCC Wades Into the Newsroom
The Fable of Hawaiian Frankencorn: The Aloha State’s dishonest anti-biotech campaign
The Facts About Benghazi (NYT claims 'authoritative narrative')
The Facts Of Climate Change
The Faculty Lounge Administration
The Failure Of The Civil Rights Movement In Two Pictures
The Failure of Keynesianism
The Failure of Law: Why Justice is Disappearing in the West
The Failure of Obama's Aristocracy of Merit
The Failure of Obama’s Aristocracy of Merit
The Failure of the GOP’s Class of 2009: Reviewing Chris Christie and Bob McDonnell 50 Months later
The Faith of Oscar Winner Matthew McConaughey
The Fall of Fallujah
The Fall of a Worthy Foe-The Dying Gaul:Attalos I of Pergamon, National Gallery of Art
The Fall of the House of Tsarnaev
The Fall of the Roman Empire Evocative of Our Hawaiian, Teeing-Off,TV Watching DIC (Doosh-in-Chief)
The Fallacy of Being Economically but Not Morally Conservative
The False Dichotomy: Moderate Muslims vs. Radicals -- The Qur’an is not open to interpretation.
The False Myth of the 80% Conservative
The Farce Is Complete: Blythe Masters Joining CFTC
The Farm Bill vs. America (Mike Lee Speech)
The Fattest States in America
The Fed Is Hiring: Lots Of Cops (Federal Reserve Bank)
The Fed Is Not Printing Money, It's Doing Something Much Worse
The Fed, The Market, The Crash, and Wasted Time
The Federal Reserve Exudes Growing Desperation
The Federal Reserve Is Making A Big Mistake
The Federal Spying Budget
The Feminist Mystique
The Fifteen Promises Granted to those who Recite the Rosary
The Fifty-Year War On Poverty
The Fight Against Redefining Marriage Is Not Over
The Fight for Principle in the GOP
The Filibuster and Post-Modern Democrats
The Final Accomodation;The Mark...Revelation 13
The Final Constitutional Option
The Final Quarter
The Financial Collapse of America
The Financial Crisis: Why Have No High-Level Executives Been Prosecuted?
The Finger Lickin’ Fraud Gets Caught in his Game (loved reading this!!)
The Fire at the Brown's Ferry Nuclear Power Station
The First 48 Makes Millions Off Imprisoning Innocents
The First Judges (Part II of the series Judges: The King Is Coming - March 14, 2014)
The First Lady's Travel Journal: A Taste of Tibetan Culture
The First Lady's Travel Journal: Visiting The Great Wall Of China
The First Rule of RootsCamp - Don’t mention Obamacare
The First Test That Proves General Theory of Relativity Wrong
The First US City Was Full of Immigrants
The First Woman President: No It's Not Hillary
The First, Legal Gay Marriage In Texas?
The Five Types of Elected Officials
The Five Worst Fighter Aircraft of All Time
The Fix Is In
The Fleischmann–Pons Effect: Reactions and Processes
The Florida State Seminoles: The Champions of Racist Mascots
The Food Police
The Ford Sweepstakes, 112 year old racer...
The Forgotten Slaves: 1400 Years of Muslim Enslavement
The Formula for Weimar Germany… Showing Up in the US Today?
The Founder Of Westboro Baptist Church Is On His Death Bed...
The Four Chaplains
The Four Faces of the Republican Party
The Four Great Waves of Defense Neglect The Dangers of a Hollow Military
The Four Roots of Obama’s Foreign Policy Catastrophes
The Frackers: The Outrageous Inside Story of the New Billionaire Wildcatters
The Fracking Renaissance
The Fragile Promise of the Pan-Orthodox Council
The Francis Effect: A Gathering Storm
The Free Beacon Offends the Clintons (Well, well, well. Isn't That too bad?)
The Front Lines on Russia's Home Front [deciphering Putin]
The Full Monty Python: Snake Devours a Crocodile… Whole
The Full Putin
The Further Adventures of the Chinese Ice Breaker That Rescued the Global Warming Scientists
The Futility of Sanctions on Russia
The Future Of America: “It’s Coming… Ukraine is a Warning”
The Future is Another Country
The Future of Brain Implants
The Future of Medical Specialists under the Affordable Care Act: Where the remaining ones will go
The Future of the Reno Air Races…
The Future of the Tea Party
The GM Scandal Is Worse Than You Think
The GOP Battle: Paul vs. Cruz
The GOP Decides to Play Scrooge as Millions Lose Benefits (lol)
The GOP Enveloped By Campaign Calendar Sanity
The GOP Establishment Has Picked Its Candidate in North Carolina
The GOP Establishment Wants to Run on Fixing -- Not Repealing -- Obamacare (Rush Limbaugh)
The GOP Needs To Stop Attacking Conservatives
The GOP Needs a Conservative in 2016
The GOP Pulls Defeat From The Jaws Of Victory Because They Can
The GOP Should Use the Power of the Purse
The GOP and Social Issues: Another Perspective
The GOP and Social Issues: Confronting the Gay Marriage Question
The GOP doesn't just have a woman problem, it doesn't understand women
The GOP faithful should give Jeb Bush a hearing
The GOP's History of Sexist Hillary-Bashing (Boo-hoo!)
The GOP's Talent Gap
The GOPe RINOS are starting to believe that grassroots tea party conservatives are their enemy
The GOP’s 2014 Strategy: Attract Minority Votes, Reinforce Red State Strongholds
The GOP’s Data Surge (or is it ORCA 2.0?)
The GOP’s Data Surge: Republicans Work to Improve on Data Analytics in Advance of 2014 Elections.
The GOP’s new political adviser Chuckie Schumer outlines how to kill the TEA Party for his BFFs
The Gag Order Heard Round The World
The Game -- I'd Beat the *** Out of George Zimmerman
The Game Changed in Venezuela Last Night – and the International Media Is Asleep At the Switch
The Game That Saved March Madness (Georgetown-Princeton 1989)
The Game That Wasn't
The Gate Called Beautiful – How Common-Sense Compassion Heals
The Gay Assimilation Tour of Sports
The Gay Mafia
The Gay Thought Police Lose One
The Gender Pay Gap Is Just the Beginning of America's Pay Inequity Problem
The Gentleman's Guide To Forum Spies (spooks, feds, etc.)
The Genuine Conflict Being Ignored in the Duck Dynasty Debate
The Georgia SCV Tag is about Heritage
The German Highway from National Socialism to Islamo-Fascism
The Ghost and John Roberts: The Plot Thickens on the Obamacare Decision
The Ghost of Keynesians Past
The Ghosts of Christmases Past: Haunted by public sector pensions
The Gifts Bestowed by the Tenth Commandment, Which Forbids Coveting
The Gifts of Jahi
The Global Recording Initiative: Yes, Your Grocery Store is Forcing You Into Agenda 21
The Global Warming Hoax Continues
The Glorious Cause of America
The Glorious Epiphany of Our Lord - January 6
The Go-to Senator (Lindsey Graham puff piece)
The Golden Egg / Column: The Hillary Papers and the Death of the Mainstream Media
The Golden Gated Communities: Northern California Today is Detroit in the 1960's
The Good War and the Bad Afghan Leader
The Good... The Bad... and the Ugly!
The Gospel According to Peanuts [Charlie Brown Christmas]
The Gospel for a Gay Friend
The Gospel of Life According to Pope Francis
The Government We Deserve
The Government is After Your Retirement Accounts
The Governor of Maine.
The Grammys: Theater of Antichrist
The Great American Oil & Gas Boom & the Future of Iran
The Great Conference of the Seventies at Nauvoo... Dedication of the Seventies' Hall...
The Great Decline: 60 years of religion in one graph
The Great Disappointment of 2013
The Great Dividers and the Great Disconnect
The Great Douchebag Mystery
The Great Emancipator vs. the Green Menace
The Great Enigma: A celebration of Sir Alec Guinness's life (born 100 years ago today)
The Great Game
The Great Grad-School Experiment in Utopian Socialism
The Great Italian Auto Bailout — Courtesy of U.S. Taxpayers
The Great Recession’s Soup Lines
The Great Skills Gap Myth: Can't American Companies Find Qualified Workers?
The Great Velveeta Shortage of 2014 (Velveetageddon)
The Greater the Turmoil, the Stronger the US Dollar. Again.
The Greatest Anti-Poverty Program the World Has Ever Known
The Greatest Comment You Will Ever Hear From A Buddhist Monk On The Religion Of Peace
The Greatest Play In Baseball!
The Green Killing Grounds: Falcons, eagles, foxes die — and the Obama administration doesn’t care.
The Growth Management Act: Just another Central Planning Failure
The Guardian Slams Funding of Anti-Global Warming Groups
The Guy Who Created "Duck Dynasty" Starred In A Movie About Gay Porn
The Ham-Nye Creation Debate: A Huge Missed Opportunity
The Hands Photographed Cannot Be Loretta Fuddy In That Casket
The Handshake Heard ‘Round the World
The Happy State of Gov. Jerry Brown
The Hardest Button to Button :[video 3.23min]
The Harper doctrine: You're all anti-Semites
The Hazards of Psychic Backlash
The Healing Power Is In The Word
The Health Insurance Marketplace:What You Need to Know
The Health Risks of Gay Sex
The Heart of a Shepherd
The Heartbreak of Liberalism Posted
The Heartwarming Story of ‘A Boy and His Dog’ That You Just Have to See
The Hegemonic Misandry Continues: ADHD [Lib/Feminazi efforts to emasculate boys]
The Heroes of 'Lone Survivor'
The Heroic Parachuting Dogs of D-Day
The Heroism of Wendy Davis. ... Ann Coulter
The Hidden College Problem: When Universities, Not Just Students, Take On Debt
The Hidden Impact of Obamacare and the Economy
The Hidden Motives Behind The Federal Reserve Taper
The Hidden Rot in the Jobs Numbers Hours worked are declining, resulting in
The Hidden USSR (Nyquist on Russia & Ukraine)
The High Cost of Fracking Regulation
The High Costs of Obamacare
The Highways and Byways
The Hillary Clinton Papers: Not Much There
The Hillary Dilemma.Finding A Purple State To Campaign In Without Being Heckled Non-Stop.
The Hillary Papers
The Historicity of the Resurrection of Christ
The History Rhymes Enough to Justify Taking Comparisons to 1936-1938 Seriously
The Hitler Model [Victor Davis Hanson]
The Hobbit tops The Wolf of Wall Street on Christmas day
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug - review
The Hobbit: from Concept Art to Big Screen
The Holder Effect (Knockout [crime] game)
The Holy Father is ‘consulting the faithful’ in preparation for next year’s synod on the family...
The Holy Trinity: Sound Doctrine or a Man-Made Tradition?
The Homosexuals Go After Duck Dynasty, While Preying On Children
The Honeymooners - Mom the Blabbermouth - Clip
The Honor Flight Network
The Horatius of Oklahoma Exits (Coburn retires)
The Horrific Story That Prompted David Horowitz’s Conservative Transformation
The Hotline's Senate Race Rankings: Republicans in Command
The Hottest Electric Vehicles Leave Winter Drivers Out in the Cold
The Hound of Jihad
The House GOP Agenda in 60 Seconds
The House GOP's incredible, amazing discovery: Most Americans aren't entrepreneurs
The House GOP’s incredible, amazing discovery: Most Americans aren’t entrepreneurs
The House Just Did Something Sneaky to Pass the 'Doc Fix'
The House On Wade Avenue
The House’s Foolhardy Principles
The Housing Market With Nowhere to Go (but Up) [San Fran]
The Hows and Whys of Gold Price Manipulation
The HuffPo-ization of the Right: Come for the Obama bashing, stay for the busty slideshows...
The Huffington Post Lied on Jesus
The Human Face of Obamacare
The Humility that Heals – A Homily for Christmas
The Hunger Games and the Second Amendment
The Hypocrisy of the Western Christian Response to Muslim Persecution of Christians
The I-Word
The IPCC's Latest Report Deliberately Excludes And Misrepresents Important Climate Science
The IRS Digs in its Heels [will take "YEARS" to disclose scandal documents]
The IRS Is Targeting Sarah Palin’s Father!
The IRS Is the Problem: Regulating political speech is not its job
The IRS Scandal: Deliberate and Partisan
The IRS Secret Police?
The IRS and DOJ Fix Is In With Obama
The IRS and the Tea Party (Resist the IRS — and protect the political process)
The IRS of Labor: Obama’s cabinet may be giving increased scrutiny to non-union factories
The IRS: Deliberate and Partisan -- What We can learn a from Christine O’Donnell’s Case
The Ice Hits the Fan in South Carolina
The Ideologue vs. the Children
The Idol of Equality
The Ignorance and Hypocrisy Behind Oil Export Bans
The Illegal Immigration Amnesty Trap
The Illinois FOID (Firearm Owner Identification) Mental Health Reporting System.
The Impact of the Next President on the Supreme Court
The Imperial Arrogance of Obama Continues
The Implications of Bitcoin: Money Without Government
The Importance of Confessing Jesus...Mark 8 pt 9
The Importance of Real Equality ... And why the government can't provide it
The Impossilbe Reform of Catholic Universities
The Inauguration of Income Inequality Politics
The Incoherence of Western Foreign Policy
The Incompetence Of The Federal Reserve And Deep State Is Unavoidable
The Incredible Legal Immigrants
The Incredible Shrinking Stock Market
The Incredible Story Behind the First Ever Photos of a Snow Leopard Making a Kill
The Indian sanitary pad revolutionary
The Indians HATE Their New Russian-Made Stealth Fighter
The Individual Mandate Goes Poof
The Inequality Smokescreen
The Inequality of Government Access
The Inevitability of Obamacare for Illegal Aliens
The Influence of Henry George in England, by John A. Hobson
The Innocent Can Be Punished in Columbia Sex Cases
The Innovation Story of the Year
The Insanely Powerful Intellect of Paul Krugman
The Inside Story of How Oklahoma Beat the Constitutional Convention
The Insider-Trading Hysteria: What Exactly Does This Crime Consist of?
The Insiders: Another day, another Obamacare disaster
The Insiders: Get ready for the Obamacare ‘Big Punt’ (Individual mandate collapse)
The Insiders: Obamacare creates new ways to prosecute American business
The Insiders: The IRS, the Democrats’ cat’s paw
The Insidious Effect of PC
The Insights of Charles Krauthammer
The Institution of the Eucharist in Scripture
The Insurance-Salesman-In-Chief Makes His Numbers But Millions More Are Harmed
The Intentional Buffoonery of the Progressive Left
The Internet Arguing Checklist
The Internet Has Spoken: Can Has More Goats, Pls? ["Goat Simulator" computer game]
The Internet Is On Fire With Nick Saban Texas Rumors
The Internet Is Tolerant. Don't Agree? Keep Out
The Intrusive Nanny
The Invasion So Far: Visual Summary Of Russian Forces And Movements
The Invulnerability of Government Spending
The Iowa Suppressor Ownership Bill Needs Your Support
The Iran Scam Continues
The Iran Scam Continues, Part II
The Ironic NAACP Protest
The Irony of ObamaCare: Making Inequality Worse
The Irony of all Ironies.
The Irrepressible Joy of Christmas
The Islamic Jihad on Christian nuns: A history
The Islamization of America in 2013
The Islamization of Britain in 2013
The Islamization of France in 2013
The Islamization of New York: Bill De Blasio Adds Two Muslim Holidays to School Calendar
The Israeli - Palestinian peace process is a deadly, not funny, farce.
The Israeli Solution
The JPMorgan Shakedown Includes Acorn-Style Kickback
The James Bond-style smart gun that can ONLY be fired by its owner
The Japanese Sales Tax Hike Verdict Is In: Disaster As Sales Plunge 25% (Are you watching, America?)
The Jeb Boomlet: Why journalists are promoting another Bush candidacy
The Jeb Bush and Tea Party Divide
The Jehovah’s Witness New Testament
The Jenke Experiment
The Jesse Tree
The Jewish Joy of Christmas Music
The Jewish Relationship with Christmas
The Jewish Settlers Who Would Stay in West Bank Under Palestinian Rule
The Jews who fought for Hitler: 'We did not help the Germans. We had a common enemy
The Jihad of Liberalism
The Jihadist Pipeline
The Job Market Is Officially Fixed
The Job Market’s February Crumble: The raw numbers tell the ugly story.
The Joke's on Us
The Journey Home - 2013-12-9 - Jason Stellman - Former Presbyterian (You Tube]
The Journey Home - Dec 9 - Jason Stellman - former Calvinist pastor
The Joy of Discipline
The Kentucky Primary Race - Mitch McConnell vs Matt Bevin
The Kerry - Obama "peace process," Palestinian Authority salami tactics and Jihad in Jerusalem
The Kerry Climate Capers
The Kerry-Lavrov Chess Match
The Kesha Rogers campaign in Texas
The Key To It All/ Lincoln's Birthday, 2014
The Key to the Next Energy Revolution?
The Kids Are All Right
The Killing of Kennedy
The King of Kings [Encouragement in these dark days]
The King versus the Kaiser: Royal rift that saw George V and Tsar Nicholas line up against their..
The Knights Armament AR M110..
The Knock Out Game Said to be Race Based Game
The Knockout Game Gone Right: Black Man Gets A Beating From Woman......
The Koch Brothers Give to Democrats Too
The Koch Party (Soros not mentioned)
The Konservativ Kristallnacht is here
The L.A. Earthquakes - A Reality Check
The LAPD Now Has a Lamborghini Cop Car ...
The LEGO Movie [Christian Movie Review]
The LEGO Movie is Practically Communist
The Lamest Possible Rationale for NSA Spying
The Lance Armstrong of American Politics: A Study in Biochemistry and the Madness of Crowds
The Land Promise of the Abrahamic Covenant
The Language of Obamacare
The Last Americans (book review of Earth Abides)
The Last Chance for the GOP Establishment, Get Bush or Christie the Nomination
The Last Generation of The West and the Thin Strand of Civilization. ... VDH
The Late, Great American WASP
The Late, Great American WASP ('bout time somebody said it)
The Latest Biofuel Nonsense: Jatropha
The Latest Challenge to the Bible's Accuracy: Abraham's Anachronistic Camels?
The Latest From Obamacare Central (Free Republic Mentioned)
The Latest Planned Parenthood Scandal The Media is Ignoring
The Latest Tattoo Trend? Crazy Realistic 3-D Ink
The Latest: California is first state to ban lead ammunition to protect condors
The Latino Media Need Balance
The Law That Lets Obama Demagogue Overtime Pay And Puts The Squeeze On Oregon Berry Farmers
The Law of the Jungle
The Lawless Label: 'Made by Jews'
The Lawless Presidency
The Lawless, Dangerous Obama Regime
The Left Against Zion
The Left Has Been Wishing Non-Work On The Poor For 200 Years
The Left Learned Wrong Lessons from Nazism
The Left Spins Job Losses Due to ObamaCare as a Good Thing
The Left goes after Mike Rowe and Wal-Mart's Dirty Money
The Left is Cool with You Doing Whatever, As Long as They Approve
The Left vs. Poor Children
The Left's "Billionaire Outsider" Hypocrisy
The Left's Evolving Hierarchy of Rights
The Left's Lamest Defense Of ObamaCare Yet
The Left's Latest Mantra: Income Inequality
The Left's Militant, Proactive Intolerance
The Left's Mock Outrage Over What Phil Robertson Said Could be a Tipping Point
The Left's Strange Obsession With Evangelical Creationism
The Left's Tides Foundation is leader in secret political money
The Left's Unbridled Assault on the Traditional American Family Continues
The Left's Valentine to Defiant Jihad-Enabler Lynne Stewart
The Left, the Right, and the Communist Agenda
The Left’s Message To Teens: More Sex, No Guilt, No Consequences
The Left’s New Story: Nobody Is Hurt by Obamacare
The Left’s Pro-Single Payer Health Care Graphic: Right Diagnosis, Wrong Prescription
The Left’s Valentine to Defiant Jihad-Enabler Lynne Stewart
The Left’s phony war on heterosexuals continues
The Legacy of George M. Ring
The Legacy of Obama's Illegal Alien Aunt
The Lesson of Dunkirk (Thomas Sowell's retreat strategy)
The Lesson of Ted Cruz’s Two Foreign Policy Victories
The Lessons of Newtown
The Levelized Cost of Electric Generation
The Liars Club - Obama's lying goes back to Ayers
The Liberal 'Least Productive' Complaint
The Liberal Bastion Of San Francisco Suspends A Shocking Number Of Black Kids For 'Willful Defiance'
The Liberal Hate for Duck Dynasty
The Liberal Love for High-Speed Rail
The Liberal Newcomers
The Liberal Newcomers: What Mass Migration from Third World Countries Will Produce
The Liberal Politics of Destruction
The Liberal Strategy for 2014: Buffoonery
The Liberation of Sharyl Attkisson
The Life Of Pi (full Movie)
The Lights Stay On
The Limitations of Capitalism
The Lion Of Judah...Rev4-6 pt 9
The List, Obama's Two Hundred and Seventy-First Week in Office
The List, Obama's Two Hundred and Sixty-Eighth Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Fifty-Eighth Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Fifty-Fifth Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Fifty-Fourth Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Fifty-Ninth Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Fifty-Seventh Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Seventieth Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Seventy-Second Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Sixtieth Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Sixty-Fifth Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Sixty-Fourth Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Sixty-Ninth Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Sixty-Second Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Sixty-Seventh Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Sixty-Sixth Week in Office
The List: Obama's Two Hundred and Sixty-Third Week in Office
The Little Flowers of Pope Francis
The Little Victims of the State
The Lobotomy Files:Forgotten Soldiers(Part 1)
The Lois Lerner Defense (Mark Steyn)
The Lost Art of Catholic Drinking
The Lost Generation: Young People Have Been Had
The Lottery Curse: 10 Winners Who Lost Millions
The Lowest Moment Obamcare Will Ever Have (hahahahaha)
The MSM forgot they enlisted in Journalism.gov: It’s all the news you need to know...
The Magical Thinking of the Left: Inside the mind of the rescued Antarctic warming researchers
The Magisterium of Sophomores: another High School explosion
The Making of The Cunning Little Vixen: Production Diary #1 (New Approach to Opera Staging)
The Making of a Black Conservative
The Making of a Champion: Seattle Seahawks
The Mammoth Cometh
The Man Who Didn't Want to be President
The Man Who Lost the Internet
The Man Who Wasn't There (Secret Coup in China)
The Man Who Would Be King
The Man and The Birds - Paul Harvey
The Man in the Arena [Ted Cruz]
The Man of Men: Living through work, sweat and mud
The Man-Made California Drought
The Mandela Myth: And the Real South Africa
The Mandela cover-up unravels
The Mandela funeral proved Michelle Obama is currently the most powerful person in the world
The Many Disrupted Lives Under Obamacare
The Many Miracles of Don Bosco
The Many Reasons Mark Kirk Won’t Stump for Oberweis
The Mark Levin Christmas Week Show, Monday, December 23rd, 2013, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin New Year's Eve Show, Wednesday, January 1st, 2013, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Friday, April 11th, 2014, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Friday, December 20th, 2013, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Friday, February 14th, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Friday, February 28th, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Monday, February 24th, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Monday, February 3rd, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Monday, March 3rd, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Thursday, February 13th, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Thursday, February 27th, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Tuesday, April 8th, 2014, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Tuesday, February 11th, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Tuesday, February 25th, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Tuesday, March 4th, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Wednesday, April 2nd, 2014, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Wednesday, February 12th, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Wednesday, February 26th, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Wednesday, March 12th, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Wednesday, March 19th, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark Levin Show, Wednesday, March 26th, 2014, 6-9pm EST.
The Mark of the Beast and the Demise of the New World Order
The Marriage of Obama's Parents: 'In Name Only'?
The Massive Liberal Failure on Race
The Massive Liberal Failure on Race - Part 2: Affirmative action doesn’t work
The Math That Predicted The Revolutions Sweeping The Globe
The Mating Habits of Early Hominins
The McCain Davis-Manafort Lobbying Trail that led to the Ukrainian Crimean Crisis
The Meaning of Christmas: Look Deeper
The Meaning of Words; Standing with Ukraine
The Media Frenzy Over Malaysia Airlines Flight 370
The Media Like Pretending Tel Aviv Is the Capital of Israel
The Media Won’t Cover Leland Yee’s Alleged Gun-Running Because They’re Democrat Operatives
The Media traffic cops (Saturbray)
The Media's Most Outrageous Olympic Outbursts: Ashamed of the U.S.A.
The Media's Most Outrageous Olympic Outbursts: Ridiculing Republicans
The Media’s Chris Christie Hysteria: How to explain the national frenzy over a traffic jam
The Media’s Fictional Francis
The Media’s Shooting Bias: Right-wing politics are key to a murderer’s motivations; leftism must...
The Medicaid time bomb
The Medieval—and Highly Effective—Tactics of the Ukrainian Protests
The Meltdown of the Obama Genderhawks
The Memorial To UTA Flight 772 Is The Most Beautiful And Least Accessible Memorial On The Planet
The Men Who Made Us Fat ''Episode 1-3''
The Men Who Weren't There
The Mendacity of the Fed and the Ruination of Capitalism
The Mercy Memo: "Like it, swallow it – or get out…”
The Metcalf Incident (California electrical station attack)
The Metro Areas With The Most Economic Momentum Going Into 2014
The Mexican Congress Requests
The Mexican husband of a Coral Gables man has been granted a green card
The Miami Heat to be Honored at the White House
The Mickey Rooney Role Nobody Wants to Talk Much About
The Middle Class Is Steadily Eroding. Just Ask the Business World.
The Middle East Clusterduck and Obama - Kerry Myopia
The Middle East’s Disappearing Borders
The Mideast Peace Process Peters Out
The Mighty and Magnificient Planet Jupiter, the Bringer of Jollity
The Militarization of Law Enforcement - “We’re Not in Mayberry Anymore”
The Military Experience of Anti-Veteran Republicans Paul Ryan, John Boehner, and Eric Cantor
The Millenial Boomerang
The Minimum Wage Debate: Common Sense vs Liberal Research Papers
The Minimum Wage Forces Low-Skill Workers to Compete with Higher-Skill Workers
The Minimum Wage Law
The Minimum Wage and the Rise of the Machines: The robot future is coming
The Minimum-Wage Executive Order Is Unconstitutional
The Minnesota starvation experiment
The Minority Maker, Ted Cruz hurts his party by forcing a meaningless debt-ceiling vote
The Miracle on Candy Cane Lane
The Miraculous Healing of Medea Benjamin
The Missing Data in Krugman’s German Austerity Narrative
The Mississippi State University 44, Rice 7 (Vanity)
The Misunderstood Council: Six Myths about Vatican II (Catholic Caucus)
The Moment When MSNBC Cut Off A Former Congresswoman For Breaking News About Justin Bieber
The Most Brilliant Man in the World Says His Critics Want to "Go Back to the Status Quo"
The Most Corrupt Village in America (Illinois)
The Most Dangerous City In America : Max, Nebraska (8min video)
The Most Famous Editorial
The Most Holy Name
The Most Homeless Children In New York City Since The Great Depression
The Most Important Exported Good From Every State
The Most Important Two Minutes of Obama’s Warning to the World (Obama as Churchill barf alert)
The Most Popular Job In Every State
The Most Popular and Fastest Growing Bible Translation Isn't What You Think It Is
The Most Pro-Capitalism Place to Live in North America Is…
The Most Uncomfortable Segment In TV News History
The Most Underreported Foreign News Stories of 2013
The Most and Least Bible-Minded Cities in America
The Most and Least Liked TV Newscasters – From Scott Pelley to Chris Matthews
The Multi-Faceted Farce of Obamacare
The Muslim Suicide Convert: Why new followers gravitate toward jihad with such frequency.
The Muslim arrested for arson attack was also a U.S. State Department ‘cultural ambassador’
The Muslims of the Central African Republic Face a Deadly Purge
The MyRA Propaganda Begins: "A Start To A Secure Retirement" Promises Treasury Secretary
The Mystery of Iniquity – A Meditation on the Deep Mystery of Rebelliousness
The Mystery of Lizard Breath: One-Way Air Flow May Be 270 Million Years Old
The Mystery of Missing Congressman Stockman Keeps Getting Weirder
The Mystery of Stonehenge, Ancient Petroglyphs and Crop Circles
The Mystery of the North Star: Astronomers baffled to find Polaris is getting BRIGHTER
The Myth of Health CARE Cost Transparency!
The Myth of Working Your Way Through College
The Myth of ‘Settled Science’
The NBC/MSNBC Clown Car Sputters On, Providing Grim Amusement For All
The NFL Might Ban the Use of the N-Word on the Field
The NHS: Dogma vs. Experience
The NHS’s Real-Life Satanic Mills [UK]
The NO Mark Levin Show Thread,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM, January 3, 2014
The NO Mark Levin Show,M-F,6PM-9PM,EST,WABC AM
The NO Rush Limbaugh Show Thread December 20-January 1, 2013-2014,WABC AM/WOR AM
The NOT Mark Levin New Year's Eve Show, Tuesday, December 31st, 2013, 6-9pm EST.
The NRA Wins Again
The NSA Has A Way To Intercept Computers Mid-Shipment And Install Spyware On Them
The NSA Is Using Facebook to Hack Into Your Computer
The NSA and Millennials
The NSA refuses to deny spying on members of Congress
The NSA's 50-Page Catalog Of Back Door Penetration Techniques Revealed
The NY Times Unwittingly Destroys Obama (Caroline Glick)
The NY Times whitewashes Benghazi to clear the decks for Hillary
The Naive Newsman
The Naked Woman in Cologne Cathedral and Her American Paparazzi Connection
The Name "Al".Within Media&Politics,A Name To Be Associated With Buffoons&Clowns?
The National Corvette Museum Sinkhole Coverup (this has to be a joke, right?)
The National Council of La Raza, Mi Familia Vota Education Fund launch "Mobilize to Vote 2014"
The National Debt Now: Arguing that it will menace “the children” down the road masks its urgency.
The National Debt in One Picture
The National Guard Targets Constitutionalists as the Enemy
The National Hot Dog Council Says Never Use Ketchup On Hot Dogs
The National Knife Association
The National Marriage Act of 2015 and ObamaMatch.com (caution: serious snarking in article)
The National Republican Senatorial Committee Attacks the GOP
The National ‘c’atholic Reporter’s combox travails. Wherein ... (UPDATE: John Allen leaving!)
The Nativity, Christmas video. Every Christian should see.(Vanity)
The Navy Is Already Working On A Submarine That Won't Be Ready Until 2030
The Navy Is Dropping Down to Just Two Deployed Carriers
The Navy’s 2014: Subs, Cyber, & Cheap Support Ships
The Navy’s Amazing Ocean-Powered Underwater Drone
The Need for Economic Freedom
The Need for Speed: LAPD introduce new Lamborghini 'squad vehicle' to the land of car chases
The Negative Health Effects of Homosexuality (Classic for Your Files)
The Neo-Porn Feminists
The Nero-Aristocracy and the use of Narrative vs Truth
The Net Neutrality Lobby Is Like a Frog
The Netherlands Tells Immigrants to Learn Dutch or Get Out
The Netherlands: War Over Geert Wilders
The Never Ending Case of Obama Craving Media Attention
The New Ammunition That Has Gun Owners Drooling
The New Apologists for Vladimir Putin — on the Right and the Left
The New Battle for Fallujah Shows Obama's Failure in Iraq
The New Blacklist
The New Debt Ceiling Deadline Is Going To Be Earlier Than We Thought
The New Domestics
The New Face of Food Stamps: Working-age Americans
The New Homophiles (Chaste in thought-word-deed, against "Gay Marriage", --- and proud?)
The New Homophiles: A Closer Look
The New Inquisition
The New Inquisition - The Left is trampling free speech for the sake of orthodoxy
The New Jersey Traffic Conspiracy (tinfoyle beret alert)
The New Kristallnacht?
The New Morality: Crying Over Served Cake
The New Obama-Care "Fail Excuse".Well,It Worked With Romney Care.There You Go!
The New Oil Majors
The New Pagan Religions that Built Nazism
The New Plan To Impose An Extra Tax On Wall Street Hinges One One Big Question
The New Saints and Blesseds of 2013 (Catholic Caucus)
The New Silence Which is Destroying Our Kids [Ignoring the breakdown of the traditional family]
The New Torquemadas: CEO Brendan Eich Would not recant his heresy, The New Torquemadas
The New Triangle of Egypt, Israel and Hamas
The New Tribalism. ... Mark Steyn
The New USA? Secession Movement Gains Steam
The New Workers' Party
The New York Filming Locations of The Godfather, Then and Now
The New York Genome Center and IBM Watson Group Announce Collaboration to Advance Genomic Medicine
The New York Meeting: Fred Thompson, Ben Carson
The New York Times Destroys Obama
The New York Times whitewashes Benghazi
The New York Times — off the rails for an ulterior motive (Benghazi)
The New York Times’ 3 Worst Corrections On Christian Holidays*
The New York Times—still Shilling for Communists
The News with Sen. Cruz - January 24, 2014
The News with Sen. Cruz - January 31, 2014
The News with Sen. Cruz-Newsletter
The Next Age of Invention: Technology’s future is brighter than pessimists allow
The Next Frontier in Fertility Treatment (NYT alert)
The Next George Bush (George P. Bush)
The Next George Bush: Can the heir to America's oldest political dynasty save the GOP?
The Next Last of the Mohicans? [Tea Partiers too Polite?]
The Next Shoe To Drop: Obamacare Will Increase The Cost Of Employer-Sponsored Insurance
The Next Two To Three Days Are 'Extremely Critical' For The Stock Market — It May Crash 40%
The Night
The Nightmare Lives of Rodman's Dream Team
The No-Fly List Takes a Hit
The Noah Movie: Deconstructing Noah's Ark; Godawful Storytelling
The Noah Movie: Our Detailed Review [Christian Review]
The Noah film is afloat with extremism
The Non Religious Winter Birth Diorama
The Note This Employee Left On A Locked Gas Station Door For His Tardy Boss Was Perfect
The November IAEA Report On Iran's Nuclear Program: No Significant Advances (Far from the bomb
The Number Of Working Age Americans Without A Job Has Risen By Almost 10 Million Under Obama
The Numbering
The Numbers That Scare Senate Democrats
The ONE Revelation About HFT Programs That Truly Scares Bankers (It's Not Stock Market Rigging)
The Obama Administration Engages in Contortions to Claim that Obamacare Is a Success
The Obama Administration seems indifferent to the crisis in Venezuela. Why?
The Obama Administration: The Real Knuckleheads
The Obama Box
The Obama Debt Tracker - Obama doubles America's publicly held debt in just 5.2 years
The Obama Economy Stinks and It's Going to Get a Lot Worse
The Obama Health Insurer Bailout Just Got Bigger
The Obama Legacy in Planetary Exploration
The Obama Legacy: Decreasing Freedom
The Obama Perpetrated Iran Disaster Emerges
The Obama Political Obituaries Are Way Premature (More Left-wing Dem-mentia)
The Obama Regime’s criminal assault on the coal industry
The Obama Scandal Bracket: Which Scandal Will Take Down the President?
The Obama Wimp Factor
The Obama and Christie Scandals
The Obama-Castro Handshake: A Confirmation
The Obama-Mao T-shirt that Chinese officials didn't want Michelle Obama to see
The ObamaCare Hydra-Headed Monster
The ObamaCare Numbers Racket
The ObamaCare PR Reset Won’t Work
The ObamaCare SteamRoller Express Humming Along
The ObamaMedia High-fives ObamaCare
The Obamacare Chaos Strategy’s Outlines Begin to Emerge: De facto single-payer…
The Obamacare Discrepancy in Jobs
The Obamacare Flaw: People Aren't as Dumb as Democrats
The Obamacare Generation - The young have been had
The Obamacare Obama gets
The Obamacare Scam
The Obamacare Security Nightmare: It Gets Worse
The Obamacare deadline is today, except when it isn't
The Obamacare deadline no one is talking about
The Obamacare individual mandate death watch (“Gang of Six” RATS is running scared)
The Obamacare milkshake (Saturbray)
The Obamacare money under the couch cushions
The Obamacare ‘Shotgun Wedding’—Marry or Lose Your Home
The Obamas Abroad: Looking For the Secret Trap Doors
The Obamas show their spiritual side at the National Prayer Breakfast
The Obamas’ Advice to America's Youths: Get Out of Bed, Do It Till Your Butt Comes Off
The Obamikado--I've Got a Little List
The Obligatory Duck Dynasty Controversy Post
The Occupy Movement and its Extreme Left Component Implode
The October Surprise that Could Cripple the Practice of Medicine
The Office (Congressional Edition) ... Mark Steyn
The Official Barack Obama Lie Decoder
The Official Top 100 conservative websites for 2014 by Alexa rank
The Old Jarhead I'm Tired--some updates
The Old Song...Rev 4-6 pt 7
The Olympic Games, where feast and famine collide
The Once Great City of Havana
The One Thing the System Fears More than Unemployment
The Ongoing Liberal Plague
The Only People Harassing the Gays of Sochi are the Foreign Journalists
The Only Revolution Not Supported By Obama/Hillary In Six Pictures
The Only Way Out is Exile
The Only World Leader Who Fears American Power Is Obama
The Opponents Of Obamacare Are Completely Missing The Point
The Origin of Left and Right
The Original Puritan Zionists
The Original Sin of Global Warming
The Original, Right-Wing Extremist
The Orphaned Middle Class
The Ostrich of Pennsylvania Avenue
The Oswestry Hillfort Pegasus Stone
The Other Academic Complex
The Other Keystone It’s just as important to stop Cove Point.
The Other Side Of Bitcoin
The Outdated Business Model of Diversity Inc.
The Outlaw Campus: Universities have become a rogue institution in need of root-and-branch reform.
The Outrageous Adolescence of the F-16
The Outrageous Deviation on the Polar Bear Symbol Thing
The Overfederalization of Crime in America
The P5+1 "No Nukes for Iran" Scam is becoming even clearer: an update
The PERFECT EGG in the Manger
The Painful Irony of Michelle Obama's $12,000 Dress
The Palestinian Covenant Refutes the Palestinian Narrative
The Palestinian narrative: The missing link in the ‘peace process’
The Papacy in Scripture – No Rocks Required
The Parable of the Carnival and the “Freak Show” [A+E vs. Phil Robertson parody]
The Parable of the Mashed Potato Police - And other tales of working for the TSA
The Paradox of Voting [“We as a society” does not exist]
The Parallels of Impending Doom of America and the Titanic
The Paranoid Madness of the Democratic Party
The Part Time President’s Part Time Jobs
The Party Of Science Has Absolutely No Clue What It’s Talking About. Ignore the propaganda...
The Party of Less Work
The Passion of the Christ Oratorio Mov. 1
The Passion of the Won
The Path to Responsibility Can Start With a Broom and a Paycheck
The Pause That Refreshes
The Pause and the Cause. ... Mark Steyn
The Peak Oil Crisis: Cold Fusion Moves East
The Pelosi/Ellison "Pain Dispeller" Tonics: U6 Underemployment Above 13% For 60 Straight Months
The Pen & the Pauper: Dotting the "i" of Marxism
The People Imagine a Vain Thing...Psalm 2 pt 2
The People of Venezuela Demand FREEDOM! Where is the American left?
The People of the Ukraine, between a rock and a hard place. ~ Vanity
The People vs Winter
The People vs. Paul Ryan: Moderate Your Expectations, Ryan's Budget Proposal is Doomed.
The People's "Debt" Ceiling: Fire Boehner of Boycott 2014
The People's State of the Union
The Perestroika Deception
The Perfect Gift – A Homily for Gaudete Sunday
The Perfect Home for Liberals
The Persian Triangle
The Perverted Science of Global Warming Gets Dirty(er)
The Phil Robertson mess. Why isn't gq catching hell?
The Photographer’s Story (Is Everyone Who Opposes Gay Marriage a Bigot?)
The Piano Police
The Pivotal Role of Marriage in Income Inequality
The Plan for Police Nullification
The Planet’s Best Stealth Fighter Isn’t Made in America
The Plot to Muzzle the IRS and Keep Secret Money Secret (direct from Bizarro World)
The Poison of Postmodern Lying
The Polar Vortex Returns Next Week [Vortex!]
The Polar Vortex Thing Sounds too "Wag the Doggish" for me
The Polar Vortex: I'm Mad as Hell, and I'm Not Going to Take It Any More
The Police State in Review, 2013
The Political Corollary to You Will Be Made to Care
The Political Party Elites Have Spoken: It’s Bush vs. Clinton in 2016
The Politician and the Statesman: A Tale of Two Birthdays
The Politics of Hopelessness
The Politics of St. Paul
The Politics of Subversion
The Poor Aren't Poor Because the Rich Are Rich
The Pope Francis Little Book of Insults
The Pope Francis list of new year’s resolutions
The Pope Is Selling His Harley. Yep, He’s Got a Harley
The Pope and Capitalism
The Pope, the President, and the Right to Life
The Pope’s homily: A Trial Balloon, Multiple Ironies, Unanswered Questions
The Pornified Professor Versus Pro-Life Youth
The Portrait of a President as a Young Nixon
The Post-Protestant Ethic and Spirit of America (Compelling Read)
The Post-Work Economy. ... Mark Steyn
The Poverty Hoax: Cases of Destitution in America are the Exception.
The Power Of The IRS
The Power of Jesus’ Name
The Power of Praise
The Power of a Daily Bout of Exercise
The Power of the Mass: The Greatest Prayer, The Holy Sacrifice of the Mass [Cath/Ortho Caucus]
The Power-Mad EPA
The Prankster vs. the Gangster
The President Explains How Breaking the Link Between Work and Health Insurance
The President Sneezes, so you have to #GetCovered
The President vs. the Senate
The President's plan to reduce gun violence
The Presidential Regional Power Brackets: BHO Picks the Dark Horse
The President’s Prophetic Threats to Israel
The Price We, and the World, Will Pay for Obama's Re-election
The Price of Political Ignorance: More Government
The Primal B***h of Income Inequality
The Principal Enemy
The Prison-Industrial Complex
The Privileged Poacher on the Police Payroll (Post Falls, ID)
The Pro-Israel Freakout
The Pro-Life Movement Must Encourage Secular Participation in the Pro-Life Cause
The Problem Is Liberalism, Not Racism
The Problem With The Republican Antipoverty Agenda Is That It Doesn’t Exist (Keynesian hit piece)
The Problem of A Stubborn and Unrepentant Heart
The Problem of Pot. A Reflection on the Increasing Legalization of Marijuana
The Problem with Christmas
The Profligate Path to Servitude
The Profound Arrogant Ignorance and Stupidity of Liberals in Charge
The Profound Rush Limbaugh: ”Have you ever noticed how under capitalism the rich become powerful..."
The Progressive Destruction of the U.S.
The Progressive Dream Lives on at Harvard: "Freedom Gets in the Way of Social Justice”
The Progressive Mind, 140 Characters At A Time
The Progressive Progression: Content of Character, Color of Skin, Cup Size
The Promise and Fulfillment of Christmas
The Proper Pace of Political Change.
The Prophetic Margaret Sanger
The Proposed Republican Replacement For ObamaCare Is A Big Tax Hike (RINOcare?)
The Prospects for Community in the Age of Obama
The Protestant's Dilemma
The Pure Entrepreneurial Genius of Wham-O...
The Purge" Evil The Purge" (Evil Illuminati Mind Control Movie! REVIEW (2013) VIDEO
The Pursuit of Happiness (A Bold GOP Election Strategy)
The Pursuit of Racial Amity
The Putin/Obama Phenomenon: James Bond vs Steve Urkel
The Qualifications for Soul Winning
The Quantum Quest for a Revolutionary Computer (Jeff Bezo's "Infinity Machine")
The Quarterback of Obamacare Doesn’t Like the GOP Senators’ Alternative
The Question Ted Cruz Reportedly Asked Dem Rep. After Getting an ‘Earful’ During Long Flight to SA
The Questionable Ethics of Teaching My Son to Love Pro Football
The Quiet Fury of Robert Gates
The Quiet Priest at the Center of Malaysia's 'Allah' Storm
The REAL Miss Longest Legs: 6ft 1" British model with 47 inch pins claims she has the world's..
The REAL Obama: An INDONESIAN, Muslim, Socialist Puppet
The REAL Obamacare headaches begin January 1st: Doug Cote
The REAL Via Dolorosa on Good Friday
The RNC Presidential Straw Poll Is Here
The Race Democrats Couldn't Afford to Lose
The Race Of Jesus: Unknown, Yet Powerful
The Radical Dream of "Peace on Earth"
The Radical Intolerance of Radical Gays
The Rafale As Canada’s Next Fighter – Part 1
The Ravenous Wolves of FreeRepublic
The Reagan Resolve, Part III: Welfare Reform
The Real American award for 2013: Ted Cruz
The Real American nominees for 2013
The Real Contention...Psalm 2 pt 4
The Real German Warning for Cold War II (Pat Buchanan)
The Real House Cats of Youtube (Shorty and Kodi)
The Real Inflation Fear - US Food Prices Are Up 19% In 2014
The Real Life Pajama Boy
The Real Presence of Christ In The Eucharist: Scriptural and Tradition Support
The Real Presence: Christ in the Eucharist, Introduction to the Eucharist,[Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: Christ in the Eucharist, The Last Supper, [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: Eucharist as Presence-Sacrament [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: Eucharistic Devotion and the Real Presence [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: Faith in the Life of a Priest [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: How to Be a Loyal Catholic Today? [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: How to Live in the Presence of God [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: Imitating Christ in the Eucharist [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: Living in the Presence of God [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: Our Supernatural Knowledge of God [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: Perpetual Adoration, True Peace in the World [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: The Code of Canon Law [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: The Eucharist and Chastity [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: The Eucharist as the Living Christ [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: The Eucharist: Foundation of the Christian Family [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: The Holy Eucharist is the Whole Christ [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: The Next Century [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: The Real Presence and Perpetual Adoration [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: The Sacred Heart Is The Holy Eucharist [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus]
The Real Presence: The Sacrifice Sacrament of the Holy Eucharist
The Real Presence: Understanding the Eucharist, The Greatest Need in Church Today
The Real Problem in Crimea: The issue is not so much what happened as it is how it happened
The Real Reaction to Obamacare
The Real Reason Sarah Palin Defended John McCain
The Real Reason Why Rove Went Into Denial on Election Night (Tried to save face with GOP donors)
The Real St. Nicholas
The Real State of Obama's Union: Not Good
The Real Story Behind The Bundy Ranch Harassment
The Real Story Behind What Harry Reid Calls 'Lies'
The Real Targets of Class Warfare
The Real War on Women:Rape Victim Told to Marry Her Attacker or Face Jail in United Arab Emirates
The Really Big Money? Not the Kochs
The Reason GOP is Not Going after the IRS for Harassing Tea Party Groups
The Reason That Dog Is Receiving Full Military Honors
The Reason We Won't Stand Up AND Against
The Rebel Alliance is destroying the Death Star - Conservatives out-fundraise Establishment
The Rebirth of Manufacturing: 3D Printing Is Trying to Build a New World Out of More Than Plastic
The Reckoning: “All Evidence Points to US Economic Failure in 2014&#8243;
The Red Horse Is Riding...Rev 4-6 pt 12
The Refreshing Li Na
The Regime Has No Idea How Many People Have Signed Up and Paid for Obamacare
The Religion That Will Destroy Western Civilization
The Religion of Liberalism - Hobby Lobby battles the True Faith
The Religious Left's Moral Fallacy
The Remarkable Story Of Irena Sendler…How She Didn’t Win A Nobel Prize Is Beyond Me
The Renewable Fuel Standard: Not as "Green" As You Think
The Republic of Texas 2022 (Saturbray)
The Republican 'Agenda' -- and the Youth Vote
The Republican Civil War Is Getting Bloodier
The Republican Establishment wants the IRS harassing the Tea Parties more than the Democrats
The Republican Ideal. ... Mark Steyn
The Republican Insider on the Wrong Side in Ukraine
The Republican National Committee's Stupid Kwanzaa Statement
The Republican Party Will Survive (But a new breed will replace the old crop)
The Republican Party’s uphill path to 270 electoral votes in 2016
The Resistance (2014 State Attorney General Candidates)
The Result of U.S. Intervention in Libya: Sharia Law (Government approves sharia today)
The Resurgent, Post-Windows Microsoft: Their future is not just in selling their OS anymore
The Return of the Prophet Joseph Smith [Will 2014 bring the second coming of Joseph Smith?]
The Return of the Twelfth Imam: A prophecy has been fulfilled.
The Rev Al Sharpton was a 'Mafia informer' ["turned" by the FBI after being implicated in a drug..]
The Rev. Jeremiah Wright joins up with Chicago Teachers Union
The Revenge of Gezi and the End of Erdogan?
The Revolt Against the Masses: How Liberalism Has Undermined the Middle Class
The Revolution is saved at Trenton...1776
The Rich Don't Pay Most of the Taxes... They Pay All of Them
The Ridiculousness Of NFL Player-Turned-Gay-Marriage-Activist-Turned-Martyr Chris Kluwe...
The Right Side Of History
The Rise and Fall of a Prophet. And a warning for us.
The Rise and Fall of the Battleship (And Why They Won't Be Coming Back)
The Rise of American Totalitarianism
The Rise of Anti-Capitalism ____ The internet of things
The Rise of the Anti-Tech California Left
The Rise of the Man-gagement Ring
The Rise of the New Persecuted Church
The Road Not Taken
The Road to Freedom in Tehran (the Rise of pro-Americanism in Iran)
The Road to Miss Italia...
The Roberts Trap Is Sprung
The Robertson Family Official Statement
The Robertsons - I Am Second (video of the Duck Dynasty/Phil Robertson story)
The Rolling Stones Have Arrived in the UAE
The Romans and Barbarians had some bizarre "families" as well
The Romeike Reprieve: Don't be complacent with Obama's indefinite stay of the deportation order
The Root of Liberalism
The Root of Obama’s Imperious Presidency
The Roots of Russia’s Revanchism — Energy Western energy disarmament is proving suicidal.
The Royal Royals vs The Royal Obamas
The Rube Goldberg Democrats - ObamaCare is the party's unworkable contraption of nonperformance.
The Ruins of the Borscht Belt ( A ghostly chaise at Grossinger’s,Concord...)
The Rule-or-Ruin Faction of the GOP: Republicans take aim, not at Democrats, but at each other
The Rural Way by Victor Davis Hanson
The Russian Empire Strikes Back
The Russian Invasion of Ukraine is Bush's Fault
The Russian Orthodox Church and the Papacy
The Russian Veto Against Francis and Bartholomew
The Russian View Of Information War
The Rutles~All you need is cash
The Ryan-Murray budget deal: Democrats fool the stupid party yet again
The SAVAGE Nation! Feb. 3, 2014
The SEC's Reign Of Dominance Is Far From Over
The SR-71 Spy Plane Was So Fast, It Outran Every Missile Fired at It
The Salt of the Earth
The San Francisco Democrats Finally Rule the Roost
The Santa Claus Race Controversy Goes Way Beyond Just Political Correctness
The Savage Nation - Week of Feb. 3-7, 2014
The Savage Nation - Week of March 10-14, 2014 - 3 to 6pm ET
The Savage Nation Weekly Thread - April 7-11, 2014 - 3 to 6pm ET
The Savage Nation Weekly Thread - Feb. 17-21, 2014 - 3 to 6 pm
The Savage Nation Weekly Thread - Feb. 24-28, 2014 - 3 to 6pm ET
The Savage Nation Weekly Thread - March 17-21, 2014 - 3 to 6pm ET
The Savage Nation Weekly Thread - March 24-28, 2014 - 3 to 6pm ET
The Savage Nation Weekly Thread - March 3-7, 2014 - 3pm to 6pmET
The Savage Nation Weekly Thread - March 31 - Apr. 4, 2014 - 3 to 6pm ET
The Savage Nation Weekly Thread - Week of Feb. 10-14, 2014 - 3 to 6pmET
The Savage Nation! 1-22-14
The Savage Nation: January 2, 2014
The Scandal That Is Eating the Heart Out of the Catholic Church in America
The Scandal That Is Eating the Heart Out of the Catholic Church in America (Wuerl's Web of Lies)
The Scandal That Is Eating the Heart Out of the Catholic Church in America [Catholic Caucus]
The School as a Social Centre, by John Dewey
The Scientific Proof of the Existence of the Soul
The Scoop on Ice Cream Cleanse
The Scorpion’s wind of change
The Search for Life Beyond the Solar System: Exoplanets, Biosignatures & Instruments.
The Secret Battles Between US Forces and Chechen Terrorists
The Secret Danger Liberals Don't Want You to Know: Fracking is Safe
The Secret Hillary Rodham Clinton, Part I (and Part II)
The Secret Pope Francis Haters
The Secret Service has a drinking problem
The Secret of My Saints
The Secret of that Capitol Studios Sound.
The Secret to a Long Life
The Secrets Behind John Wayne's Many Names
The Secrets to Michelle Obama’s “Signature Look”
The Selling of Attention Deficit Disorder
The Senate 7: The Races That Will Determine 2014 Control
The Senate race that worries Democrats most (The still exempt LA RAT Mary Landrieu)
The Serious Disadvantages of Bitcoin
The Shale Energy Revolution in North America is Changing the World
The Shame of Benghazi
The Shoals of Equality
The Sick Middle East
The Sick World of Progressive Liberals
The Side Effects of the Pill: Why the Church Has So Much to Say about Contraception
The Sierra Club Hates Energy
The Sign Language Interpreter At Mandela’s Memorial Was 'A Complete Fraud' Making Nonsense Gestures
The Silence of the Tax Lamb
The Silent Star. ... Mark Steyn
The Simple Wisdom of Arab Dictators
The Sin of Sodom and Gomorrah is not about “Hospitality”
The Single Best Thing the FCC Has Done So Far This Year (or not)
The Single Biggest Thing You Can Do to Clean Up the GOP
The Single Biggest Thing You Can Do to Clean Up the GOP (after NRSC attacks Mark Levin)
The Single Most Demented, Convoluted Attempt at Marketing 'Climate Change' You've Ever Seen
The Slave's Friend "Bowie Knife" Pamphlet
The Slavery Party, by Frederick Douglass
The Sleazy Scorsese of Wall Street
The Smartest Guy in the Room?
The Smile Ambassadors
The Smolensk Plane Crash: Four Years Later
The Snakes of St Patrick
The Snarf’s at 600 W. Chicago just laid off all its employees via email
The Solar Swindle
The Solid Conservative Majority: Two polls in Jan. 2014 confirm that America is solidly conservative
The Son of God
The Soros Factor (2004 events current Heroin epidemic)
The Soul Of The GOP
The Soul of the Obama Administration
The Sound of Music and Culture Shock
The Sound of PI (Music)
The South's Stunning Embrace of Gay Marriage
The Southern Poverty Law Center’s Ridiculous ‘Hate Group’ List
The Southern Zodiac, What's Your Sign?
The Soviet Games Continue in Sochi
The Soviet Story - a must-see for all students of history.
The Spacewalk That Almost Killed Him: How Luca Parmitano survived the scariest wardrobe malfunction
The Spaniards emigrated to Belgium, "a burden" to the system
The Speaker Reaps What the Speaker Sows
The Splintering of Al Qaeda Isn’t Necessarily Good News
The Squeaky Wheel Complaints (Non-Payment)
The Staggering Price of Red Tape Regulation
The Standing Armies of Yesterday and the Police State Today
The Startling New Way Big Brother Is Tracking Your Health
The State Causes the Poverty It Later Claims to Solve
The State Of The Big Four Recession Indicators
The State Revolt Against Obamacare: An interstate compact may be the right way to beat Obamacare.
The State Tax Grab
The State of Bitcoin in Latin America
The State of Obama: Not Good
The State of the Black America Pt I: The Black Man.
The State of the Union is Wrong
The State of the Union: The Self-Congratulatory Blowout of the Governing Class
The State of the Yawn-ion
The State we are and the State we can become (Ireland)
The Statler Brothers Amazin Grace (long version)
The Stealth War on Abortion
The Stepford Voters: Dems see women as devices
The Stock Market And Pessimistic Press Headlines
The Stones Which They Trip Over...Psalm 2 pt 5
The Stork Visits DNR EagleCam’s Nest (MN)
The Story About Kim Jong-un Having His Uncle Eaten By 120 Wild Dogs May Have Started With Satire
The Story Behind "That Selfie" (Photographer "sad" he made Obama look bad)
The Story Behind The Budweiser Super Bowl Ad
The Story of Alex Jones (Pastor and 50 former parishioners accepted into Catholic Church)
The Story of Eli: A Moral Tale on the Peril of Faltering Fatherhood and Unfaithful Priestly Ministry
The Story of the Calzone
The Strange Christmas Eve of 1941
The Strange Politics of Google Autocomplete
The Strategic Decision - Su-22 Will Remain In Service (Poland)
The Studebaker that Woulda-Shoulda-Coulda
The Student Debt Debacle
The Successor To Tom Coburn
The Super Bowl and Sex Trafficking
The Super Bowl, the Olympics and the Best of America
The Supreme Court 'Sounds Ready' To Throw Out A Controversial Part Of Obamacare
The Surprising Discovery About Those Colonialist, Proselytizing Missionaries
The Surprising Gimme Shelter: The Powerful Pro-Life film Hollywood tried to stop
The Survival Summit
The Syria mess is Obama’s doing
The TRUE Super Sunday!
The TSA Kids Website Is Gloriously Hilarious (And A Bit Scary)
The TSA made half a million dollars last year because you forgot your change
The Taliban claim to have captured a US dog of war
The Talk Radio Party?
The Talking Points: "Freedom, Life, Conscience"...And A Promise Kept [Obama and Pope Francis]
The Taming of Deluded ‘Conspiracy Theorists’
The Target Breach & Why You Should Care (Hint: It’s Your Money)[Ever shopped at Target?]
The Taste of Obamacare in 2015 will be Worse that 2014
The Taxation President
The Tea Party Is A Favorite Scapegoat For Liberal Democrats
The Tea Party Isn't Dying – The GOP Establishment Is
The Tea Party Movement Turns Five: A Look Back
The Tea Party and Trade (TPP)
The Tea Party is Over: Outside conservative groups are experiencing the limits of their influence.
The Tech Industry’s Immigration Lies: Is there really a shortage of high-skill American workers?
The Techtopus: How Silicon Valley’s most celebrated CEOs conspired to drive down 100,000 tech wages
The Ted Cruz Effect: Political Gold?
The Ted Cruz Majority [when push comes to shove, Tea Party has Cruz's back]
The Tejas fighter's role in war
The Temple Mount, Dismounted
The Ten Forms of 2013 Media Malpractice
The Ten Worst Places to be a Christian
The Ten Worst U.S. Purveyors of Antisemitism, #5: Ron Paul
The Ten Worst U.S. Purveyors of Antisemitism, #6: Patrick Buchanan
The Tennessee GOP's union-thwarting push has backfired
The Terms of Our Surrender (to gay marriage)
The Terrible Truth About Abraham Lincoln and the Confederate War
The Tesla battery swap is the hoax of the year
The Text of Bishop Matano’s Homily Given at His Installation Mass January 3, 2014 (Inspiring!)
The Thistle and the Drone: The Real Story Behind the War on Terror
The Thousand Year Reign of Christ on Earth: Is it Biblical?
The Threat to America's Nukes
The Three Christs of Obamanism
The Three Most Important Ongoing Second Amendment Cases
The Throne Room...Rev 4-6 pt 3
The Time Lord in a dark blue Crombie coat: BBC unveils costume for 12th Doctor
The Time TV Networks Said No to Obama
The Time of Harvest for the Gentile and the Jew \o/[Charismatic Caucus]
The Times, They Are A-Changin’:Once upon a time, the Grey Lady was against the minimum wage.
The Tipping Point (E-Commerce Version)
The Toby Keith restaurant “no guns” policy non-story
The Tone-Deaf, Insulated, Suicidal D.C. GOP
The Tonight Show with Jay Leno final guests lineup. (some are must miss TV )
The Tonsil Patient: Preserve her Privacy
The Top Ten Books People Lie About Reading
The Top Ten “Birther” arguments against Ted Cruz, and why they are completely wrong
The Totalitarians of New York
The Tragedy Of Argentina: A Century Of Decline
The Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement: Obama's Dangerous International Deal
The Trans-Pacific Partnership and “Fast Track” Trade Authority (pdf)
The Trauma of Abortion Very Real in ‘The Tenth’s’ Fictional Realm
The Trees
The Trends To Watch For In 2014
The Trillion-Plus Heist
The Trinity - Apologetic Graphic
The Triumph of Liberty University
The Trouble With Coke’s Gorgeous, Subversive Ad
The Trouble With Luther
The Trouble with Guns
The Troubling Legacies of Racism and Crony Capitalism
The True Church: One Organization, or Many? [Armstrong splinter group -- UCG -- sized up]
The True Cost of a Higher Minimum Wage
The True State Of The Economy: Record Number Of College Graduates Live In Their Parents' Basement
The True Story Surrounding The Death of Jay Z’s Mistress Cathy White
The True Story of the Monuments Men
The Truth About Che Guevara
The Truth About Chicago Crime Rates
The Truth About Hate in America
The Truth About Karl Marx (video)
The Truth About Miracles
The Truth About Sandy Hook: Connecticut report dismisses most of the gun control narrative
The Truth Is Always Pastoral
The Tulving Company is Out of Business?
The Twelve Days Of Obamacare
The Twelve Days of Christmas
The Twenty Best Quotes of CPAC 2014
The Twisted Motives Behind Political Correctness
The Two Kinds of Faith
The Two Most Crucial Requirements for any Theologian According to Origen
The Two-Party One-Party State. ... Mark Steyn
The Two-State Solution is Dead. Long Live What?
The Two-Tiered System of American Government
The Tyranny and Lethargy of the Times Editorial Page
The Tyrant in the Gray Flannel Suit
The U.N.'s Cynical Assault on the [Catholic] Church (surreal and calculated)
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce throws down the gauntlet to Tea Party
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce vs. America
The U.S. Dollar Meets Mark Twain
The U.S. Economy's Big Baby Problem
The U.S. Middle Class Is Turning Proletarian
The U.S. and Christian Persecution
The U.S. has Installed a Neo-Nazi Government in Ukraine
The U.S. hypocrisy over Russia’s anti-gay laws
The UK Confronts Islamism
The UN invites Iran to Peace Conference on Syria
The UN says China is best at fighting climate change
The UNTOLD SUCCESS of Microsoft: Yes, it's Windows 7
The US Administration And NYT Seem To Be Panicking From Morsi’s Testimony
The US Chamber of Commerce Versus America
The US Consumer Is So Strong, Macy's Just Fired 2500 And Announced The Closure Of Five Stores
The US Energy Boom: More than Just an Oil Story
The US Is Now Encouraging Banks To Do Business With Licensed Pot Dealers
The US Navy Is Ready To Deploy A Futuristic Laser Weapon That's Been Likened To 'Star Wars'
The US employment situation is far weaker than the Feburary jobs number suggests
The USA Made Their Own Media Sound Like Morons
The USAF Band Holiday Flash Mob at the National Air and Space Museum
The Ukraine
The Ukraine Crisis Is Bolstering America's Oil And Gas Boom
The Ukraine East-West Tug of War Isn't Over
The Ukrainian Uprising is a Rebellion, Not a Revolution
The Ukranian Crisis
The Ultimate Guide to Open Source Software
The Unaffordable Mandate Act
The Unbearable Lightness of Being Ezra
The Unbelievable Idiocy of the War on Women
The Unconstitutional Perfecta
The Underpants Gnome Caucus
The Understanding of the Church Fathers Regarding the Olivet Discourse and the Fall of Jerusalem
The Ungodly Are Not So...Psalm 1 pt 3
The Unheralded Return of Michelle, The Activist
The United Kingdom’s Continuing Koran Censorship
The United States of ... France
The United States of Decline: America unravels at an increasingly dizzying pace.
The United States of Obama are imploding
The United Whims of America
The Unprecedented, Powerful Coalition Three Major Conservative Personalities Are Building
The Unsurprising Success of Subsidy
The Upside Case Of A College Education In One Chart
The Valentine Day Massacre Redux
The Value of Putin [VDH]
The Vaping Craze (Electronic Cigarettes)
The Vatican and Oxford University team up to digitize 1.5 million pages of medieval manuscripts
The Vatican and the Poor [Vatican Insider Newspaper reports on Rush Limbaugh vs. Pope Francis]
The Vatican's Precious Manuscripts Go Online
The Vatican’s Left Turn Under Francis
The Veiled Doctrine of the Pre-Trib Rapture
The Very Green Keystone Pipeline Delay
The Vigilante of Clallam County
The Viking’s Jötunvillur Runic Code is Solved
The Vindication Comes In Two Phases...Luke 18 pt 6
The Virtue of Being Suspicious
The Void Ted Cruz Fills-Someone must communicate GOP ideas, party leadership can't be bothered
The Volatility of Income for the One Percent
The WH review of Justin Bieber's deportation petition wont be a waste if it ends up like this...
The WONDERFUL Christmas Message in a Nut Shell!!!
The WORST of Bad Christmas Sweaters...
The WWII Hero America Abandoned
The Wages of Cronyism, Big Government, and Corruption
The Walking Dead - Sneak Peeks for Episode 4x13 [SPOILER warning]
The Walking Dead - Sneak Peeks for Episode 4x14 [SPOILER warning]
The Walking Dead Discussion Thread: Season 4 Episode 10 [SPOILER warning]
The Walking Dead Discussion Thread: Season 4 Episode 11 [SPOILER warning]
The Walking Dead Discussion Thread: Season 4 Episode 12 [SPOILER warning]
The Walking Dead Discussion Thread: Season 4 Episode 13 [SPOILER warning]
The Walking Dead Discussion Thread: Season 4 Episode 14 [SPOILER warning]
The Walking Dead Discussion Thread: Season 4 Episode 15 [SPOILER warning]
The Walking Dead Discussion Thread: Season 4 Episode 16 [SPOILER warning]
The Walking Dead Discussion Thread: Season 4 Episode 9 [SPOILER warning]
The Walking Dead Season 4 [SPOILERS & Speculation]
The Walking Dead Season 4 [SPOILERS]
The Walking Dead: New Teasers/Promos [contains some SPOILERS]
The Walking Dead: Who are ... ? [SPOILERS and Speculation]
The Wall Street Journal Launches BitBeat!
The Wall Street Journal Wages War on Sochi, Russia
The War Against Children
The War Against God Is Gripping Our World
The War is on Manly Virtue
The War on 'Rich' People
The War on Babies: A Former Fetus Speaks Out
The War on Hobby Lobby: Obama wants to win this to prove a point.
The War on Humans
The War on Julie Boonstra and other Obamacare cancer victims [who criticized Obamacare]
The War on Porn
The War on Poverty Has Been a Disaster for Taxpayers…and for Poor People
The War on Poverty Has Made a Difference…but the Wrong Kind
The War on Poverty at 50
The War on Poverty vs. Racism
The War on Poverty—$21 Trillion Later
The War on Women Will Be the Left’s Campaign Theme — Will the GOP Be Ready?
The War on the Tea Party
The Wars of Robert Gates
The Washington Post Responds To Me, and I Reply to the Post
The Washington Post Trolls for Anti-Gun Stories on Sandy Hook Anniversary:
The Washington Post has fallen and it can't get up
The Washington Post paints more conservative targets for the IRS
The Washington Times Announces Magazine for Black Conservatives
The Washington Times partners with Kaliki for on-demand [Conservative] radio news talk
The Ways of YHVH (Part of the series Judges: The King Is Coming March 21, 2014)
The Wealthy are more worried about being seen as wealthy
The Weather Channel goes dark on DirecTV
The Website Is only a Symptom
The Welfare Queen - Reagan made Taylor a notorious American villain. Her sins were far worse.
The West Needs Russia's Help More Than it Realizes
The Whatever President
The Whistleblower's Last Stand
The White Ghetto
The White House (And Its Faithful) Scramble To Refute CBO Report On Obamacare Job Losses
The White House Hires former Arafat apologist
The White House Jumped the Shark Today[3/12/14]
The White House’s ‘Knuckleheads’ (O/care desperate to sign up millenials)
The Widow's Cry...Luke 18 pt 2
The Wild Wild West - People Behaving Badly (Oakland California)
The Wimp in the White House Wears Mom Jeans
The Withering of Wind Power; or Obama's Not a Smart Investor
The Wolf of Wall Street: Is this movie a condemnation or celebration of the excess it depicts?
The Wolf of the White House
The Wolves of Wall Street went off to prison; so why not the coyotes of Congress?
The Woman Who Can’t Afford Her Own Birth Control Switches to Run for California State Senate
The Woman Who Never Gave Up: The Life of St. Rose Philippine Duchesne
The Wonder Of Al Gore.Not One Peep Throughout This Record Freezing Fall And Winter.
The Worcester Diocese welcomes Cathleen Kaveny
The Word That Changed the Debt Ceiling Debate
The Word That Changed the Debt Ceiling Debate ("Default")
The Work Ethic - Obama is betting that Americans will side with labor over capitalism. He’s right.
The World Citizen on Campus: For today’s college students, being American is so passé.
The World Depends on Stopping Cow Farts
The World Is Getting Better and Better Poverty rate slashed 80 percent since 1970
The World Is Getting Better and Better: Poverty rate slashed 80 percent since 1970
The World Leader Who Didn’t Attend Churchill's Funeral
The World Wide Web: 25 Years Later
The World Will Pay A Heavy Price If Egypt Fails In Crushing Muslim Brothers Terrorist Organization
The World is Mine
The World of Karen Hudes (is this for real)
The World's Shortest Books----Required Reading
The World’s Volcanic Past and Future
The World’s Worst Idea
The Worrisome Future of Special Operation Forces (Common Core to be applied to Navy SEALS, etc.)
The Worst Defeat for the United States Since 9/11
The Worst Idea in the World
The Worst Poll Yet For Mary Landrieu – And It’s A Democrat Poll
The Worst President for the Black Community Since Reconstruction
The Worst Product Flops of All Time
The Worst Republican Senator
The Worst Republican Senator (Lindsey Graham's sorry record)
The XMAS-Files (blast from the past)
The Year In Stupid
The Year in Energy: 10 Big Energy Stories of 2013
The Year of ObamaCare
The Year of the Dud
The Year of the Primary is Upon Us (Freedom's Slate!)
The Year of the Washington Power Grab
The You-Can-Keep-It Obamacare Farce
The Young Aren't So Dumb After All
The Young Aren’t Signing Up for Obamacare. So What if They Did?
The [#BS]Files: Christina Aguilera feeds war-torn Rwanda
The absolute ONLY thing you'll ever need to keep your guns a "well-oiled" machine...
The affordable Boat Act (spoof)
The amazing evolution of Politifact’s ‘if you like your plan you can keep it’ rating
The annual Free Republic Valentines Day thread.
The anti-Zionist challenge to the Jewish establishment
The app controlled smart security drone with a STUN GUN
The attack on biblical creation in UK schools continues
The awkward moment when Democrats realize why they'll never fix health care...
The banality of evil
The battle for Kiev may well be over, but is the battle for Crimea about to begin? (Videos at link)
The battle over gay rights is THE battle ... there is no other
The benefits of eating bugs
The best commercial ever - And not a word is spoken.
The big list of failed climate predictions
The billionaire who wants to harvest the moon
The bizarre double life of conservative congressional hopeful Jake Rush (FL)
The blunt truth about greed and freedom that was delivered over 30 years ago (by Milton Friedman)
The blunt truth — White house drug czar contradicts Obama on marijuana
The book Scientology tried to ban
The bull market at 5: Not old yet
The burden of truth
The camper that becomes a penthouse
The car that runs on AIR: Peugot reveals plans for hybrid set to hit the streets next year
The case for almost never turning left while driving
The case for repealing Dodd-Frank
The cause of the Akademik Shokalskiy getting stuck in Antarctica – delay from sightseeing mishaps
The changing combat rules of engagement: What is one American life worth?
The church is not for the left or the right
The climate change deniers have won
The climate question: Alarmists in panic
The college-for-all model isn't working
The consequences of Obamacare
The conservative group that lost its credibility (Hint: It's spelled G-O-P)
The contact lenses that could do away with TV screens:
The cost of healing -- Hospice draining billions from Medicare
The crisis in Ukraine — America can be deferential no more
The crisis in Venezuela broadens and deepens
The cult of Christian apostasy
The culture of death bares its teeth: Planned Parenthood president says life begins at delivery
The damage done by Cuba’s biggest spy
The dark secret of fairness creams: New study finds harmful metals in lightening products..
The dawn of a REAL Robocop?
The day virtue was outlawed
The deadly illusion of a divided Ukraine
The deadly mixture of guns and class in Toronto
The debt limit increase is not a loser for the GOP. Let it go.
The debt limit: Like Bill Murray, Stuck in Congressional “Groundhog Day”
The decline and fall of American deterrence
The deed is done: with Lopez in regime's hands, it is worse for them
The definition of crazy: Healthcare.gov developer, CGI gets more gov't. work after Obamacare flop
The definitive collection of secret Nazi weapons
The democrat IRS cancer grows
The demonstrations mobilized in Paris and Lyon grow in strength
The desperate U.S.-UK relationship: Barack Obama, David Cameron, and the NSA/GCHQ issue
The dirty little secret behind today's employment report
The dirty little secret on Sage Grouse ( Montana and )
The disappearance of small-town football
The disastrous consequence of combining a wimpy, annoying yipping creature and a Chihuahua...
The doctor won’t see you? Analysts warn ObamaCare plans could resemble Medicaid
The downside of diversity
The dreaded Obama introduction to 'Cosmos' lasts less than 30 seconds
The dream is alive: Sandra Fluke files to run for Congress in California
The eased Book...Rev4-6 pt 8
The end of Windows XP support could hurt ATM's
The end of a Deep South way of life
The end of human rights
The end of the beginning
The erosion of trust
The escorts who want to rebrand male prostitution as a business
The evil pit of despair that awaits illegal immigrants deported to Tijuana
The evolutionary puzzle of homosexuality ("Most Popular" BBC hurl today!)
The ex-Israeli soldier who led a Kiev fighting unit
The exact moment when a lifelong Republican starts voting Democrat
The exact moment you realize vegans are destroying the planet...
The exceptionalism of our two Americas (Caution: coo-coo for cocoa puffs)
The exodus of Christians from the Middle East is a painful blow to the Arab world
The face of the revolution in Venezuela?
The far right starts another phony fight
The fascinating story of Richard Bennett, a former devout Roman Catholic priest (now Evangelical)
The fight for Mitt Romney’s donors is on (RINO Watch)
The fight to oust convicted Trenton Mayor Tony Mack begins as state AG goes to court
The film that makes Private Ryan look like kids' stuff: The Russians are coming...
The first 3D printed organ -- a liver -- is expected in 2014
The first big-name Republican to attack Christie over Bridgegate is… Lindsey Graham?
The first thing I said was, "Jesus Christ", and I knew (Knew).
The first-ever film of a New York City blizzard
The flagship of the NAVY of Ukraine "Hetman Sahaidachny" defected to the Russian (Translated)
The fleur-de-lis
The forgotten father of the Eurofighter Typhoon: the F-104 CCV
The frugal Harry Reid will save America for just $3
The future is bright: World's biggest solar farm is switched on today...
The future of high-tech meat substitutes
The future of public transport? Map reveals how the entire WORLD could be connected
The game is up for climate change believer
The game is up for climate change believers
The gentrification of Spike Lee: He marketed Brooklyn, cashed out and now complains
The giant yellow Rubber Duckie has exploded in Taiwan
The government doesn’t know how many empty buildings it owns — just that they’re costing us billions
The great 1960s bowling bubble was so awesome
The greatest book you've never heard of.
The greatest conceit of mankind (importance of preparedness in uncertain times)
The greatest raid of all...
The group the 'Right Climate Stuff´ says there's no need to worry about catastrophic global warming
The growing elitism of Catholic education
The guy who missed the Malaysia Airlines flight
The harpist or the heiress? Image is all in the race to be first woman mayor of Paris
The healthcare jobs no one is talking about (More Bureaucrats)
The heart-healthy benefits of fish oils questioned in research
The heroin mill next door: NYC dealers blend in
The hidden costs of ObamaCare
The hidden exodus: Catholics becoming Protestants
The high cost of being a legal immigrant in the US: $465
The hipster war on you: How liberals use cool as a weapon
The hottest electric cars leave winter drivers out in the cold
The hottest electric cars leaver winter drivers out in the cold
The importance of subtlety and reader perception to manipulative journalism
The incredible stock-picking ability of SEC employees
The incredible, shrinking New York
The inevitable “draft Jeb” campaign shifts into high gear
The insanity of Baltimore's 'disrespect' killings
The last Medal of Honor recipient to have stormed Omaha Beach on D-Day dies at 92
The latest DU thread where they complain about Obamacare! [link only]
The latest Pope Francis surprise? He used to be a bouncer
The laws of Ivory: The Truth of Buying and Owning It
The left's anti-science: The culture of speculation, Global Warming and Evolution
The less Americans know about Ukraine’s location, the more they want U.S. to intervene
The light bulb ban provides a useful window into the mindset of liberals:
The lithography process explained. [video only]
The little big cats! Animal haircuts craze sees pets turned into predators.. but is it cruel?
The long arm of US law: what next for Edward Snowden?
The long goodbye for Hollywood Park, through knowing eyes
The magic of 3-D printing: Technology promises to amaze, challenge us
The main reason your can't find any .22 ammo (Just my opinion)
The man who didn't shoot Hitler
The man who saved the lightbulb
The man who saved the world [from Soviet nuclear attack]
The man who took the iconic Windows XP wallpaper photo has bitter regrets
The man who would be king (full movie)
The many ways that you’re being tracked, catalogued and controlled
The martyrdom of Mark Steyn
The media and Chris Christie: Going overboard in Jersey
The media consigns Ted Cruz to the ash heap of history (Not what it sounds like)
The media problem - part 4
The media should stop reporting what Harry Reid says
The mess du jour is in the Ukraine; do messes closer to home matter?
The midrashiest midrash that ever was midrashed [a spoiler-free “Noah” review]
The minimum wage is set to rise in Britain. And Conservatives are all for it.
The miracle Michigan prep basketball playoff game-winner you have to see to believe
The missing piece in the global growth puzzle (no consumer demand)
The missing plane that saved CNN
The moment woman bit off man's LIP in horrifying fight at German beer festival Octoberfest
The moment woman jogger in headphones is knocked to the floor and handcuffed by cops...
The more inept you are the smarter you think you are
The most dangerous years of the Obama presidency are upon us
The most disturbing “holiday” of the year: National Day of Appreciation for Abortion Providers
The most expensive place on Earth? Disney World raises admission prices for second time in a year..
The most important cats of 2013
The most painful speech ever [Democrat Tries to be funny, Epic Fail]
The most popular programming languages for 2014 are …
The most realistic finger painting of Morgan Freeman ever - Video
The most successful week of Obama’s presidency
The mother of all "Throwback Thursday" posts (staring Reagan, Putin and Obama!)
The mummified woman whose body lay undisturbed for five years in the back seat of a jeep ...
The mysterious coywolf, a mixture of western coyote and eastern wolf
The myth of #DangerousBlackKids
The nation's most miserable states
The new Benghazi report: A thorn for Hillary Clinton?
The new GOP? Republican openly campaigns with gay partner
The new intolerance: will we regret pushing Christians out of public life?
The new worry epidemic
The next Detroit? Atlantic City and Las Vegas facing catastrophic collapse
The next Trayvon case about to explode?
The next battle in the right to smoke weeds...Salvia
The next frontier in 3-D printing: Human organs
The next healthcare reform drama: Obamacare and farmers
The next hot fitness trend? Training like a Navy SEAL
The next industrial revolution will be (self) organised
The next step: 3D printing the human body
The non-revolutiton
The not so dependable Chief Justice Roberts
The number of Americans who renounced their citizenship in 2013 just shattered 2011's record
The numbers don’t lie
The one about HOG GREASE, SEPTIC TANKS ....
The ongoing shame of Benghazi cries out for deeper investigation
The only Socialist TeaParty Organization in the country.
The only circumstance under which reasonable people vote Democrat
The only recourse for Obama's lawlessness
The only statistic Americans need to know to understand Obamacare is the mother of all epic failures
The only surprise about liberals seeing Obama being "bullied" is that they didn't see it coming...
The other racism (a courageous black woman tells it like it is)
The out of touch GOP: Clueless, gutless, heartless
The parable of Argentina
The peculiar history of the Pledge of Allegiance
The people who are STILL living like it's 1951: Captivating portraits take a look inside America's..
The pickup truck era of warfare
The pictures Putin doesn't want you to see: Photographers reveal their pictures
The pill can kill (India: Oral contraceptives increase cancer risk by 950%)
The pistol-toting 'Angel of Mercy' that saved a driver from an angry Detroit mob
The pitfalls of censoring Catholic bloggers
The plot to 'gut' Hillary Clinton: dark arts and cheap journalism
The politics of who watches Duck Dynasty: Show popular among Republicans and evangelical Christians
The poor neglected gifted child
The power within a conservative woman
The president's power grab - Obama is not a dictator, but there is a danger in his aggregation of...
The price of political ignorance: More government
The pro-amnesty RINO Traitor List (Graham, Hatch, Alexander, Rubio, Wicker...)
The problem is liberalism, not racism
The problem of non-believing Catholics
The problem with the economy
The proper health care goal is health insurance for NOBODY
The public still blames Bush. And it celebrates the Clintons.
The purpose of government
The quiet, final hour of Mack Brown's tenure
The racist underpinnings of the abortion movement #BlackHistoryMonth
The rage of Farage: Over balloons of brandy, UKIP leader fumes at 'drunk womaniser' claim
The real Mandela in his own words
The real Obama jobs index is worse than you thought
The real War on Women (Saturbray)
The real flood: Submerged prehistory
The real story in Texas primary is the ascendancy of GOP right wing
The real trouble with Thomas Sowell is he doesn’t like Ted Cruz or the TEA party
The real ‘war on Christmas’ is perpetrated by Christians themselves
The reason the last ring didn't open at the Sochi Olympic opening ceremony...
The reform that no one wanted: Communion in the hand
The repercussions of America’s uncertain tone in the Middle East
The resurgent progressives
The revolution must be financed
The rich do not pay the most taxes, they pay ALL the taxes
The right loses its hero at CBS
The right side of history
The right to bear arms doesn’t stop at the front door
The rights the Saudis, the Muslim Brotherhood and Illegals have that you don’t
The right’s fantasy is shattered: Why Obamacare has already succeeded(*Pukes*)
The schools will never have enough of our money
The search for Relisha continues
The search for a home for Mr Obama’s library and museum has begun
The second face of LGBT (video of raging feminists at the link) - ADULT CONTENT
The secret's out, I suffer from income 'inequality' (by CalThomas)
The seductive allure of wars we’re not winning
The sexual obsession that drove Rasputin to his death: Countless myths have been woven about him.
The shape of 401k's to come
The shock troops sent to terrorise Putin's enemies as Crimea prepares to vote on joining Russia
The six undeniable elements of the ObamaCare scam
The slaughter and torture of Christians: not a priority for the Government, Labour or DfID
The softer side of policing: Dashcam captures heart-warming moment officer takes time out
The spread of 'debate is over' syndrome
The spying Scotsman who hunted the Nazis of New York
The states people are fleeing in 2014
The states with the most segregated public schools are epicenters of liberalism
The story of American decadence Hollywood will NEVER tell...
The story of a boy and a dog who changed each other's lives
The strange death of Hawaii’s Department of Health Director, Loretta Fuddy!
The strengths of the armies before Sebastopol, and the need for reinforcements
The structural flaws ruining America
The sun's magnetic field is about to flip
The times are changin
The tiny Estonian town that could spell the end of NATO
The top seven global warming alarmist setbacks in 2013
The trouble with Obama’s myRA plan: Retirement plan helps those with no 401(k), but not much
The truth is out: money is just an IOU, and the banks are rolling in it
The truths you can't tell in today's Britain
The two options on Iran
The ugly, sordid, damning details in the Bob McDonnell indictment
The unhappy anniversary of stimulus boondoggle
The unhealthiest foods in the food court(Recommendations for Tonight!)!
The unrelenting 'Gay Mafia' has bullied A&E into suspending 'Duck Dynasty' star Phil Robertson
The untold side of the Brannon case (NC Senate)
The utter collapse of human civilization will be ‘difficult to avoid,’ NASA funded study says
The value of Foreign Exchange Officers in US Military Senior Service Schools
The war against American citizens
The war on inequality… may take awhile
The war on standards — dumbing down the SAT
The wild Rothschild heiress, her rap star lover and the photo that's alarmed her friends
The winners and losers of the new spending bill (Since it is $1.1 TRILLION, all Americans lose)
The world's first 3D-printed kayak has been made
The world's oldest masks: 9,000-year-old stone 'portraits of the dead' go on show in Jerusalem
The world’s first detailed prehistoric maps of Britain
The worst U.S. states to die in
The worst-planned presser in political history (Kay Hagan, D-NC)
The ‘Duck Dynasty’ Fiasco Says More About Our (Gay) Bigotry Than Phil’s
The ‘Fairness’ Fraud: Differences in outcome aren’t always the result of “social barriers.”
The ‘Incredible’ Thing an 8-Year-Old Boy Did for a Soldier Will Be Remembered For a ‘Lifetime’
The ‘Othering’ of Ted Cruz
The ‘Prancing Elites,’ an all-male dance team, ‘appalls’ parade goers
The ‘Racism’ Wrecking Ball
The ‘War on Women’ and the War on the Family (Welfare as "State Polygamy?")
The ‘Who Am I?’ Generation
The ‘colossal failure’ that helped Doc Hastings’ (R) district (WA)
The ‘crime’ of the IRS
The ‘pure Marxism’ of Pope Francis and Edmund Burke
The “Broken Windows” Theory – Now Applies to Government
The “Cowardly” Senate Leaders Employ Another Budget Gimmick (McConnell, Cornyn, Boehner)
The “Mommy Wars” Are Over
The “Republican Main Street Partnership” is Democrat Funded (democrats protecting moderates)
The “Son of God” Movie Is NOT What We Think–Do You Know The Voice of Your Master
The “Stupid Party” Strikes Again: Republicans Poised to Give Up Sequester Victory
The “reckoning” arrives for Obama’s conservative political opponents
The “wingnut hole” measured: 5 million without insurance thanks to GOP refusal
TheDC interviews Jordan Wiser, the teen facing jail for owning a pocketknife
TheDC’s State of the Union drinking game
Theater calls cops on diabetic man for bringing in strawberries
Thee Question Someone Needs To Ask Nancy Pelosi&Debbie Wasserman Regarding Health-Care.
Their Right to Your Money
Their Solution, Our Problem
Themistocles decree -- 480 B.C.
Then & now: What (exempt) Dems say about Obama
Then, Face to Face. Meditation on Our Desire to Look on the Face of God.
Theologian Blasts Christian Leaders Fooled Into Endorsing Kabbalah, Gnostic Version of 'Noah'
Theologian: 'Noah' as Environmentally Preachy As Advertised
Theologian: Christian Leaders Fooled by Noah Film as biblical
Theories Behind Missing Flight MH370 (Passenger Cell Phones Ring,Then Hang Up)
Theories on missing flight range from plausible to absurd
Theory: Republicans Want to Win the 2014 Election Narrowly, Without the Tea Party
Theory: Terrorists kidnapped Zaharie's wife and kids, coercing him to steal the plane
Therapy helped kids overcome peanut allergy, but don't try it at home
There Are Irreconciliable Differences Between Liberty-Loving Americans and Leftists
There Are No Short Cuts
There Are Two Americas, and One Is Better Than the Other (Guess which he means)
There Is No Good Reason Corporate Welfare Should Exist
There Is No Hope. But I Really Don't Give A Flying Flip And Neither Should You
There Is No Relationship Between College Graduates and Economic Growth
There Is Too Little Gold in the West
There It Is: Obamacare Employer Mandate Delayed For Companies With Under 100 Employees
There Will Be Blood: Oprah Not Nominated for an Oscar
There are 14 years worth of reasons why the GOP grassroots scoff at Washington Republicans
There are no more excuses the Harvest is here ![charismatic caucus]
There are now two Americas.
There are some not-so eerie similarities between this word and "disaster."
There is No Renaissance in Public Transit Use
There is No Synthesis For Christians With The Torquemadas of Tolerance
There is a disturbing cascade against orthodox belief in the Church hierarchy
There is a job Americans won't do.
There is no 'Obamatroika' for ObamaCare
There is no racism like liberal racism. Part 2
There is no white boogeyman
There is only ONE WAY to be saved.
There really are 50 Eskimo words for ‘snow’
There really is no fun being a shorty: Being smaller can lead to feelings of being unlikeable..
There's A Bitterly Angry Uprising Against A California Obamacare Provider On Twitter
There's A Huge Bullish Story On Energy And The Economy And It's Sitting Right Below The Radar
There's Already 17 Times More Coverage on Christie Scandal Than in Last Six Months of IRS
There's Nothing Live-and-Let-Live About the Orwellian Pro-Abortion Left
There's Now a Burrito Vending Machine in L.A.
There's a new Mayor in town: Bill de Blasio is sworn in to run New York City by Bill Clinton
There's a new US $100 bill in circulation.
There's a reason shampoo bottles are more complicated than they need to be...
There's no racist like a liberal racist (Pat Condell)
There's no room for anything manly now, Controversial feminist Camille Paglia speaks out...
There’s No Obamacare Comeback Yet - Serious questions remain about implementation
There’s Only One Man Who Can Save ObamaCare Now (Romney to Rescue Obama)
There’s a Powerful New Ad [for Walmart] on TV About Work Narrated by Mike Rowe
There’s marriage and then there’s marriage*
There’s no fool like a young fool; young people still being screwed by Obama but love him anyway
Thermal Effects from Comet 2013 A1 (Siding Spring) on Mars’ Upper Atmosphere
Thermal Imaging Gets More Common But The Courts Haven't Caught Up
These 13 Words Will Get Your Email Flagged by the NSA
These 7 memes are why the Sochi Olympic rings incident hasn't gotten old yet...
These Are America’s 10 Most Dangerous Small Cities
These Are The Most Godless Cities In America
These Are the Entirely Crappy Warships Iran Says It’s Sending to the U.S. Coast
These Are the Mug Shots of the Alleged Crooks Accused of Beating a Vet Who Later Died
These Children are Mine and the State Can’t Have Them
These Countries With Large Russian Populations Should Fear What Putin Might Do Next
These Photos Show Why Britain’s Small Military Is So Powerful
These Sanctions Against Russia Will Hurt, and It's the Russian Liberals Who Will Suffer
These Shocking Abortion Statistics Might Be Hard To Believe
These Southern Teens Love to Fly Their Confederate Flags.- School Officials Are Ordering Them Down
These Words from Obama Are Frightening -- and Revealing
These are the first images of UK’s classified unmanned stealth “superdrone”
These are the people who will lecture us about income inequality
These cats dyed and groomed to resemble lions and tigers look pretty livid [w/pix]
These four charts show how the College SAT favors rich, educated families
These look more like contact lenses for government workers
They Call it Darby Day
They Cast Whom?! Actor Choices To Offend Every Racial Sensibility
They Don’t Make Senior Citizens Like They Used To
They Just Announced Major Changes to the SAT…and There’s a Tie to Common Core
They Saw Three Teens Trying to Break Into Their Neighbor’s House — Then They Armed Themselves
They Will Lie To Your Casket
They call themselves thugs (Those Helpful Union Guys) and now they face charges of torching a church
They thought I was easy pickins': Mayoral candidate beaten up by two teenage girls with a billy club
They tried to pave house retired General Angel Vivas(Photos&Video)(Armed Resistance In Venezuela)
They walk among us... and vote!
They're already called 'vertically challenged' - but are short people intellectually challenged too?
They're back! Occupy plans springtime 'wave of action'
They're eating her...and Then they're going to eat me! WORST actors ever - The List
They've fixed The Obama Care Site!
They’ Gone! ... the Obama's that is ...
Thief Bites Starbucks Customer in the Face, Police Say
Thief Tries to Steal 104 Packs of 5-Hour Energy from Rite Aid, Police Say
Thieves Break Into Cars Using Mysterious ‘Black Box’
Thieves Steal $100,000 of Ammo and Other Gear From Colorado Gun Shop
Thieves break into Independence Bass Pro Shops, steal guns
Thieves confess, but relic of Blessed John Paul II still missing [Catholic Caucus]
Thieves pry off ancient fresco from Pompeii walls
Things Dogs Teach Us
Things Got Really Uncomfortable When Joy Behar Gave This Brutal Roast Of Chris Christie
Things I Learned While Watching "Vikings"
Things I Learned While Watching 'The Great Gatsby'
Things I love about America [Danish exchange student praises America's acceptance of inequality]
Things I'd Love to See at State of the Coup
Things That Just Don't Make Common Sense to the Public
Things That Would Have Gotten Me Fired in the Corporate World
Things To Do Before You Get Old Things To Do Before You Get Old
Things We Know That Just Ain't So
Things Your SgtMaj Hates: Online Training
Things to keep in mind when running for President as a Republican
Things you need to know about the Affordable Care Act and prescription drugs — but probably don’t
Think 2013 was a bad year for health politics? Just wait for 2014
Think Power Inequality
Think the Koch Brothers Are Among the Top 10 All-Time Political Donors? Sorry,
Think your state has Obamacare problems? They’re nothing compared to Guam.
Thinking Of A Career Change
Thinking about moving to Phoenix ... input / advice?
Thinking of Employee Evaluation Forms for Incumbent Elected Officials
Thinking the Unthinkable Obama-Obama 2016
Third Banker, Former Fed Member, "Found Dead" Inside A Week
Third prominent banker found dead in six days
Third-grade Student Accused of Sexually Assaulting Classmate
Third-ranking House Republican backs legal status for immigrants
Thirdhand Smoke Is Real—And Risky to Your Health
Thirteen billboards, one paint-shop worker helped defeat union at VW plant in Chattanooga
Thirty years ago, January 22, 1984 -
This Abandoned Dog and Disabled Cat Are the Most Adorable Best Friends Ever
This Anti-Federalist paper about presidential power from 1787 will give you goosebumps
This Anti-Skipping School Ad Is The Most Disturbing Thing I’ve Ever Seen (Awesome!)
This Black History Month, Help Make A Better Black Economic Future With PurchaseBlack.com
This Boy And His Mom Tried A Crazy Experiment In The Freezing Cold Weather (ice photos)
This Calls for ROBOPLOW!
This Candidate is running to increase liberty- not government Hear Adam Kwasman...
This Cat Needs A New Home After Living In A [South Carolina] Home Depot For 13 Years
This Children’s Book Is Super Adorable And Just Happens To Have A Gay Protagonist (barf alert)
This Couple's App Helped 10,000 Women Get Pregnant And They Say It Can Replace Birth Control Too
This Day In Health-Care History
This Democrat thinks he can win in 2016 as the anti-Obama
This Democratic Senate wannabe [Gary Peters] just picked a fight with a mother who has cancer
This Dwarf Planet Might Have More Fresh Water Than All Of Earth
This FACTUAL EVIDENCE of Voter Fraud in Ohio Should Change Democrats' Minds About Voter ID
This GOP Candidate's Ad About Castrating Hogs May Have the Best Opening Line in Campaign History
This GOP Leader Wants Cruz To Leave Party
This Grandma’s Friends Laughed At Her Idea. But What She Did In Her Shed Is Awesome.
This Guy Just Lost Chance At $1 Million on Wheel of Fortune in Most Embarrassing Way Possible
This Guy Was Exploring His Grandpa’s Attic. What He Found Is Mysteriously Awesome…Whoa.
This HAS to qualify for the DUmmie Funnie award
This Horrifying Clown Is Haunting Staten Island
This Incredible Map Shows Just How Gigantic Texas Really Is
This Infamous (1929) Stock Market Crash Chart Just Won't Die
This Insane New App Will Allow You To Read Novels In Under 90 Minutes
This Is A Food Line In Venezuela
This Is How Obama’s Weakness In Ukraine Embarrasses America
This Is How The Tea Party Ends
This Is How Ukrainian Protesters Attack An Armored Personnel Carrier
This Is How You’ll Feel When the GOP Wins the Senate
This Is Rand Paul's Moment
This Is Starting to Look Like a Pattern of Political Moves and Prosecutions
This Is The Most Plausible Theory For The Plane's Disappearance We've Heard Yet...
This Is The Perfect Steve Ballmer Quote To Illustrate Exactly What Went Wrong At Microsoft
This Is What Employment In America Really Looks Like…
This Is What Government-Run Health Care Looks Like
This Is What a Gun Looks Like When It's Pointing Straight At You
This Is a Generic Brand Video
This Is the App That’s Fueling the Uprising in Venezuela
This Is the Ultimate MiG-21 (Pakistani JF-17 builds on classic warplane)
This Japanese chewing gum may haunt your dreams
This Japanese toilet should make Americans very worried
This Just In: Low Information Voters Serve Up A Bad Economy
This Lady Earns $9,000 for Eating in Front of Webcam
This Legislation Would Let Government Take Over U.S. Mortgage Market
This Liberal Film Reviewer Just Insulted Our Military…
This Machine Can Tell Whether You're Liberal or Conservative
This Made Me Jump Off the Couch
This Man Chased A Nazi Fighter Plane Under The Eiffel Tower
This Man Claims He Watched Malaysia Air Flight 370 Go Down in Flames
This Man Has a Key That Can Shut Down the Entire Internet
This Map Is The Most Comprehensive Representation of Racial Distribution in America Ever Made.
This Map Shows How The GDP Of US States Compare To Countries Around The World
This Map Shows What All The World's Leaders Studied In School
This Might Go-Down as 'Day We Lost the Country' if SCOTUS Allows Dubious Obama Recess Appointments
This Nasty Comic Strip on Religious Freedom (that) Ran in the NY Times
This Olympic speed skating finish from 2002 looks like every socialist's dream...
This One Man Stopped The Biker Beating Of Range Rover Driver
This One Weird Trick helps find 715 new Exo-Planets.
This Oughta Be Interesting
This Pelosi Answer Says So Much
This Photo Will Haunt The Hillary Campaign
This Pizza Place Rightfully Charges $1,000 For A Side of Ranch
This Porsche building will house 2% of the world's billionaires
This Really Isn’t Great News for Mitch McConnell (Bevin closing the gap)
This Report on a Poorly Run Public School in NY Is Leaving People Infuriated and Astonished
This Safe Driving Ad From New Zealand Will Give You The Chills
This Sunday’s NFL Game in Green Bay: Coldest Ever?
This Texas Congressman Is Now Accepting Bitcoins For His Senate Run
This Town Celebrates Every New Year with a Falling [simulated] Meteor
This Video Perfectly Breaks Down Exactly What’s Going On In Venezuela
This Video Will Be The Best Thing You See All Day (marathon runners thanking a veteran)
This Week’s New Executive Orders
This Woman Invented a Way to Run 30 Lab Tests on Only One Drop of Blood
This administration has a major credibility problem
This commercial is too controversial for the NFL?
This could be the hottest toy (for liberals) of the holidays
This could save your life!
This dog REALLY wanted chicken nuggets, and nothing could keep him away
This drone can steal what's on your phone
This energy source could solve all of our problems — so why is no one talking about it?
This funny pro-bullying joke actually does have a point...
This has to happen in a conservative's mind at least once during debates with liberals
This high-speed rail thing is kinda’ becoming a disaster for Jerry Brown
This is Bigger than Cliven Bundy (video)
This is NOT Cardinal Burke
This is What We All Looked Like at 12 Weeks. Legal to Kill in All 50 States.
This is What the GOP Establishment Thinks of You
This is a special ATM for people who wont comply with Obamacare's individual mandate
This is funny, and you don't actually need the force to sense this from liberals...
This is great
This is how fire will be the unifying factor in the legacies of JFK and Obama...
This is how much Microsoft charges the FBI for your info
This is how the Ukrainian government appears to be isolating protesters in Kyiv
This is the future of the Republican Party (we sure hope so!)
This is the huge question Democrats wont (and can't) answer as they peddle the gender wage gap myth
This is the least defective ink stamp you'll ever find...
This is the most important meal of the day for liberals
This is the only thing I can think of when Obama says he does whatever he wants...
This is what Genocide looks like
This is what the world's largest solar plant looks like when it's catching rays
This is what's happening in Mexico and the government is trying to hide it
This is what's happening in México and the government is trying to hide it
This is why Piers Morgan's firing from CNN ranges from cold indifference to full-blown elation
This is why the most useless people are also the "sharpest"
This is your dog on drugs: Marijuana poisoning on the rise in pets - NBC News.com
This kid doesn't know it, but he's on the road to becoming a recovering liberal
This kindergarten teacher took a little girl’s shirt off… TO PUNISH HER
This life in the modern world vs. the next (vanity)
This lion doesn’t run, instead kills, eats wolf ( Wyoming )
This map gives a great visualization of the devastation abortion has left on America
This meme almost makes me want to join PETA
This might as well be the slogan Democrats use to get the youth vote
This must be a Common Core plot to "expose" racism in those who answer this question correctly
This new fight over the budget better not become a repeat of this stupid game from last year...
This person wrote a thank you note explaining how you (yes, YOU) have improved her life...
This photo from the Rangers-Islanders game is mesmerizing
This photo of Kim Jong Un riding a ski lift is North Korea’s way of flipping off Europe
This pothole could cost you $500
This proves that those who do violence to language will do violence to people given the chance...
This road sign with a clear liberal bias...
This round of the undeclared Iranian-Israeli war – the Jihad missile offensive – continues
This second grader’s revenge against Common Core math will make your day
This should be the new symbol for anyone who continues (shockingly) to support President Obama...
This sign at a Taylor bar doesn't mean what you think it does ["NO COLORS ALLOWED."]
This simple observation is also true of the American political system (especially under Democrats)
This totally sums up why the Obamacare numbers (or lack thereof) make sense to liberals
This type of logic is pretty much explains every post-Great Society liberal idea ever...
This wasn’t supposed to happen — young people now hate Obamacare, are becoming less Democratic
This week in Muslims threatening to stab a professor and setting a dead teacher on fire ( Ohio & )
This winter’s cold snap is one reason why Obama’s coal regulations are not the best idea
Thom Tillis: Fabulist (NC Senate)
Thomas Groome, former priest and heretic, awaiting Church reforms
Thomas Jefferson Needs A Dead Moose Right Now To Defend America
Thomas Jefferson--WELL WORTH READING!!!!
Thomas More Law Center Requests Temporary Restraining Order in New Case Challenging the HHS Mandate
Thomas Paine and Common Sense
Thomas Ravenel US Senate 2014 Campaign Run Against Lindsey Graham? (as independent)
Thomas Roberts Kvetches: Joe & Mika 'Eviscerating' Christie-Accusing Hoboken Mayor
Thomas S. Monson Court Summons
Thomas Sowell: The Blessings of Inequality
Thomas the Tank Engine needs more female trains, Labour MP says
Thomson Reuters is ranked again as “best place to work for LGBT equality”
Thorium Powered Car Could Run 100 Years On Just 8 Grams of Fuel
Thorium, a Safer Nuclear Alternative?
Those Intolerable Catholics – In Locke’s Time and Ours
Those Reckless Gun Nuts
Those Who Can't, Govern [Mark Steyn]
Those elusive Devout Catholics™ are back
Those much maligned plastic grocery bags can run your diesel truck or car
Thou Art My Son...Psalm 2 pt 6
Thou shalt not insult politically correct religions, cultures or desires
Thought Police: Firms must swear ObamaCare not a factor in firings
Thought-Provoking, Pro-Life Memorial to 'The Child Who Was Never Born' in Slovakia...
Thoughts On The House GOP As It Prepares For Its Annual Retreat
Thoughts of People's Cube Owner (Ukrainian born) re Ukraine, Russia, EU, and Ameica
Thoughts on the Coke commercial?
Thoughts on the Miracle of Life as we March on Cold and Snowy Day!
Thousand Expected To Attend Unofficial Fan Tribute To Paul Walker, Roger Rodas
Thousands Gather in San Francisco for 'Walk For Life' Anti-Abortion Rally
Thousands Mourn Shanghai's 'Underground' Bishop (Catholic)
Thousands Of Artifacts Seized At 91-Year-Old Indiana Man's Home
Thousands Of Fans, Many In High-Performance Cars, Stream In To Paul Walker Memorial
Thousands Of Young California Immigrants Eligible For Coverage - Though Often They Don’t Know It
Thousands in El Salvador Flee Erupting Chaparrastique Volcano
Thousands in Illinois told to start over on health insurance
Thousands left with no electricity as workers rushed to David Cameron's house so he could watch TV
Thousands march in Hong Kong against erosion of media freedoms
Thousands march in pro-invasion rally in Moscow
Thousands of Berlin Wall Documents Declassified
Thousands of Bulgarians Take to the Streets to Protest Muslim Legal Moves
Thousands of Eritreans 'abducted to Sinai for ransom'
Thousands of HealthCare.gov sign-ups didn’t make it to insurers [good enough for government work?]
Thousands of Obamacare sign-ups disappear into HealthCare.gov black hole
Thousands of Porn Watchers Have Names Released to Public
Thousands of Potentially Harmful Natural Gas Leaks Found in Washington, D.C.
Thousands of Rare Vatican Manuscripts to Go Online
Thousands of Vietnamese, Christian and Non, March for the Release of Catholic Lawyer
Thousands of aborted babies incinerated to heat UK hospitals
Thousands of aborted, miscarried babies in U.K. incinerated as ‘clinical waste’ and heating fuel
Thousands of tons of coal ash spew into NC river
Thousands protest Ukraine upheaval in pro-Russian port
Thousands protest in Ukraine, defying court ban
Thousands seek refuge at Central African airport
Thousands sign WhiteHouse.gov petition for Alaska to secede -- to Russia
Threat of sage grouse endangered species listing is real, could cost Utah billions
Threatening for Peace
Threats and disregard from Afghanistan and Iran: Just another normal week in the region
Threats to CT Police Escalate Following CT Cop’s Gun Confiscation Comments
Threats to CT Police Escalate Following CT Cop’s Gun Confiscation Comments [snip]
Threats to CT Police Escalate Following CT Cop’s Gun Confiscation Comments–Cops Ask Pro-Gun
Three American Teachers Slaughtered for Christian Faith
Three April FDA clearances for smartphone-enabled diabetes devices
Three Brothers Bakery Charms With Anti-Valentine's Day Treats
Three Cups of Tea: Tea Party still holds the high ground this year for its 3rd national election.
Three Facts About The Super Bowl That Could Transform Our Economy
Three Fortunate Sons and the Humiliation of the Military
Three Gay Republicans Trying To Make Election History [GOP In Cultural Collapse]
Three Jews Among Those Killed in Ukraine Uprising
Three Lessons From The Duck
Three Major Faith and Culture Trends for 2014
Three More Palestinian “No’s” to Peace
Three New Arrows for the Economy
Three New Tools to Protect the Rule of Law & Our Constitution (Triple Barf Alert)
Three Positive Signs from the New Chair of the Federal Reserve
Three Reasons to Get Some Sleep
Three Science Fiction movies to see again
Three Ukrainian lessons for the United States
Three Ways Catholic Tradition Bolstered My Protestant Faith
Three Ways the Super-Rich Suck Wealth out of the Rest of Us
Three Wisdom Sayings for Cultural Warriors
Three anti-ObamaCARE floats spotted at Mardi Gras in liberal New Orleans
Three arrested for carrying firearms at mall
Three candidates in GOP primary to replace Young
Three charts to cheer a conservative’s heart on a Monday
Three dead in pre-Christmas carnage across NYC
Three goals, 10 seconds: Fastest hockey hat trick ever, scored by 8 year old?
Three great quotes from the late Shirley Temple
Three guys try to rob an old man who has a .357 (feel good story of the day)
Three injured by serial 'sucker puncher' in spate of weekend attacks in Massachusetts
Three men arrested, equipment seized for deer poaching
Three more Ethiopians killed in Saudi Arabia (massacres reported)
Three more teens face charges in New Albany fire that killed 3 children
Three of four playoff games still not sold out. Should NFL worry?
Three suspects arrested, but stolen Stradivarius violin not recovered
Three teens arrested after shots fired at hotel bar (SC)
Three ways of looking at the manger
Three-Dimensional Mid-Air Acoustic Manipulation
Three-Rotor Copters Set to Change Civilian, Military Helicopter Designs Forever
Three-Year-Old Killed By Family Pit Bull
Thrifty Obamas make do with 24 Christmas trees (down from 54 last year)
Through The Crimean Prism: Five Things We've Learned About Russia
Throw “Casuistry” To the Wind – For Family Talks, Francis Wants “Theology While Kneeling”.
Thug Invades Home, Gets Shot By Multiple Family Members
Thumbs up to Generation Opportunity and Evan Feinberg!
Thune: ‘Every American Ought to be Outraged’ at Obamacare Tax Break for Unions
Thursday Is a Big Day for the Future of Immigration (Tomorrow is GOP Amnesty Day)
Thus Spake the Potheads: The main arguments used to legitimize pot are pap.
Tianjin becomes latest Chinese city to restrict car ownership
Tibetan Mastiff Sells for $1.9M in China (Lion's Blood)
Tibi Screams at Netanyahu, Harper During Speeches
Tibi on Canadian TV: Israel is a ‘Selective Democracy’ (Arab member of Knesset)
Tibi: Abbas Will Never Concede
Tick, tick, tick
Ticked off Georgia sheriff refuses to assist A&E with future productions
Ticket prices plummet weekend before Super Bowl (18K still available)
Tiger Mom Amy Chua: Three factors why Indians, Jews, Chinese do better than others
Tiger Mom Strives to Shock a Second Time, Fails
Tiger Mom: Some cultural groups are superior
Tiger Woods Has Back Surgery
Tiger Woods' half-brother arrested
Tiger's half-brother arrested after bomb threat in Phoenix
TigerDirect Becomes the Latest Retail Giant to Pounce on Bitcoin
Tillis gains in primary, NC Senate race still a toss up
Tillis holds another DC fundraiser (NC Senate)
Tillis leads in Crossroads poll, will get Chamber endorsement
Tillis takes heat from 2 GOP rivals in Senate race (NC)
Tim Burton's Trial Pronouncements: Good on Taqiyya and Harassment, Bad on Race
Tim Cook (Apple) To Conservative Think Tank: 'You Should Get Out Of This Stock'
Tim Cook advises climate change deniers to get out of Apple stock
Tim Draper Wants To Split California Into Pieces And Turn Silicon Valley Into Its Own State
Tim Hortons to pay $69,000 to woman burned by soup
Tim Robbins: A Catholic Priest Took Me To See ‘Deliverance’ When I Was 10 or 11
Tim Scott Hits Back Against Bigoted NAACP Leader
Tim Tebow Reveals Insane Workout Regimen in Pursuit of NFL Dream
Time Grows Short
Time Is Near: Five Common Misinterpretations Of The Book Of Revelation
Time Magazine Swings Both Ways: Can't Decide Whether we have Global Warming or Global Cooling
Time Magazine's Man of the Year is Pope Francis. Alas, it's not the real Pope Francis
Time Person of the Year: Pope Francis
Time To Declassify 9/11 Probe's Secret Saudi Section
Time Travel Impossible,Say Scientists(So Forget The Stakeouts in Early 1960's Kenya)
Time Travellers: Please Don’t Kill Hitler
Time Warner Cable hit with outage during Super Bowl
Time for Brave Hearts (Warriors for Jesus defending their family)
Time for Congress to Telecommute
Time for Congress to reopen its own jail? (2007)
Time for Obama to Go On An Apology Tour
Time for Pro-Family Push-Back in 2014!
Time for Pro-lifer Donald Trump to Walk the Walk – Step Up and Back the Gosnell Movie!
Time for a New Laptop
Time for a Statue of Responsibility
Time for a public hearing about the stock market?
Time for an IRS special prosecutor: The most partisan Justice Dept. in history cannot be trusted
Time for another Democratic shellacking: Joblessness and Obamacare set the stage for GOP election...
Time for smartcards
Time for some Campaignin': Equality. Let’s “spread it around.”
Time is now for immigration reform
Time magazine names Pope Francis the Person of the Year
Time to Break Out the RICO Statute and Break Up the Democrats
Time to Call Climate Change for What It Is: The Weather
Time to Check In Again on the "Rapture Countdown"
Time to Defend Marriage and Federalism
Time to Employ the Other Sides' Tactics (vanity)
Time to End Our Dependence on Russian Spaceships
Time to Fix the Obamacare Mistake (The only way to fix it, is get rid of it)
Time to Primary: Six GOP Senators Back Ryan-Murray Budget, Ensuring Senate Passage
Time to Stock Up on Incandescent Bulbs Before They Go Out Permanently
Time to debunk the myth of the tax-free expat
Time to scrap the mortgage interest deduction: Simplify the Tax Code and Lower Tax Rates for All
Time to stand up to gay censors
Time to ‘aggressively phase out’ old, unsafe tank cars carrying oil, says CN
Time-Laps Video Shows Heavy Storm Moving Across San Francisco Bay
Timely Film Rome, Open City is Re-released
Timothy Geithner Teaches Standard & Poor's The Chicago Way
Timothy P. Carney on Chuck Schumer: Voice of the little man, courtier of plutocrats
Tina Fey Hit With Workers' Comp Judgment
Tinder Hook-Ups Off the Hook Among Sochi Athletes
Tinni the dog and Sniffer the fox are a real-life 'Fox and Hound'
Tiny Miracle Brings Big Joy for Christmas
Tiny houses help address nation's homeless problem
Tip of man's nose bitten off during SC brawl
Tips to keep your pet safe in cold weather
Tired of Hobby Lobby?
Tired of Mitch McConnell's Attacks, Matt Bevin Supporters Believe Upset Possible
Tiresome coverage of missing flight MH370
Titanic Republican shift in key Senate race (Cornyn now at 43%, can't avoid a runoff election)
Titanic Republican shift in key Senate race (Funny Stockman comments on Rove, Cornyn)
Titanic iceberg simulator in Chinese theme park 'in bad taste'
Titanium powder used to print automotive parts in 3D news
Titusville mother abused twin children over wrong homework, police say
To Attract Millennials, GOP Must Dial Back the Social Conservatism
To Avoid Becoming The Next Detroit, Puerto Rico Needs Growth, Not Taxes
To Be Genuinely Compassionate, Politicians Should Focus on Job Creation, not Unemployment Benefits
To Capture Senate, GOP Needs Southern "Home Cooking" with Baked Alaska for Dessert
To Celebrate The Bull Market Anniversary, Sbarro Files Second Bankruptcy In Three Years
To Clean up Coal, Obama Pushes More Oil Production
To Cook or to Roast—That is the Question -- G-d's Passover Menu
To Deal with the Problem of Incompetent Government, David Brooks Wants to…
To Democrats the Military is nothing more than a political tool
To Forgive or Not to Forgive — That Is the Question
To Frack or Not to Frack, That is the Question
To Mark Abortion Decision, Obama Touts 'Freedom and Opportunities to Fulfill Their Dreams'
To Minnesota Station [The farm bill is stalled over Soviet-style price controls on milk.]
To Propagandize The West, Lenin Recruited A Corps Of “Useful Idiots"
To Respond to Chang'e 3 NASA Should Show RESOLVE
To Those Who Would Call Me a Thug - Seahawks CB Richard Sherman explains interview
To a family of pipeline workers, Keystone XL presents struggle of the century
To all the Putin apologists,
To an Old Friend . . .
To cheers and tears, defiant Putin sets out conservative agenda
To declare the Muslim Brothers terrorists is meaningless
To keep away belly fat, choose your dietary fats carefully: study
To liberals 2016 will bring about another fundamental transformation of conservatives...
To love and adore always [Catholic Caucus]
To save America we have to stop listening to Obama’s use of Orwellian “newspeak”
To the Hot Air Crowd (When it Suits Them…)
To those liberals that call Phil Robertson a bigot: provide scriptures that condone homosexuality
To-Do over Tallent (Boehner's new Amnesty Czar and her Cheap Labor Lobby paymasters)
Toadies: People Magazine Hypes 20-Year-Old Son of Caroline Kennedy as
Toast Appears on Jesus Christ
Toasty Or Toasted? Quiznos Follows Sbarro Into Bankruptcy [Obamanomics Fail]
Tobacco-Less CVS Will Continue to Sell ‘Plan B’ Abortifacient
Today Crimea, tomorrow Alaska?
Today I became an Independent voter
Today In U.S. Miiltary History 20 February 1945 - Pfc. Jack Lucas, USMC (MOH)
Today in American Revolutionary War History
Today in American Revolutionary War History (April 7,2014)
Today in American Revolutionary War History (April 9)
Today in History (3/4/1789)- Government under the U.S. Constitution begins
Today in U.S. Military History - 17 January 1781 - Battle of Cowpens
Today in U.S. Military History - 3 March 1945
Today is MLK Day. Who else deserves (or does NOT deserve) their own day?
Today is ["Pres. Day" Holiday] George Washington Birthday [Feb 22] -how two search engines "see" it
Today show host Savannah Guthrie announces she get MARRIED this weekend but she is PREGNANT too
Today's overblown Obamacare fear: Will Medicaid take my house? [but writer says it does happen]
Today's the anniversary of the original Tea Party
Today, March 14 is Pi Day: Go Have Pie!
Today, Monday, March 31, 2014
Todays Victory Speech.If It Has Succeeded,Then Why Didn't Obama Take Any Questions?
Today’s Japanese Lesson – BABURU KEIZAI
Today’s Jaw-Dropper… Michelle Obama Tells Supporters: We Don’t Believe in Handouts and Free Rides
Today’s Obama Fun Fact: Barack Obama’s Brother Malik Joins Hamas Terrorist Group
Todd Lodwick named U.S. flag bearer for Sochi Opening Ceremony (Nordic Combined)
Todd Starnes: Air Force Removes Nativity Scene
Todd Starnes: American Legion outraged over VA Christmas censorship
Todd Starnes: You Can’t Celebrate America, School Says
Toilet Paper Defeats Venezuelan Socialism
Tokyo Rove’s anti-TEA party group saw donations drop by 98% 2012 to 2013
Tokyo bitcoin exchange files for bankruptcy
Tolerant Liberals Cancel Screening of Pro-Fracking Film at Festival in Minnesota
Tolkien Reading Day draws near – come out and read
Tolkien’s Lord Of The Rings battle scenes were inspired by WW1 experiences
Tom Bauerle: “Andrew Cuomo is a mentally ill, vindictive little man, and he employs cowards.”
Tom Brady sick, misses Patriots practice (updated)
Tom Brokaw Diagnosed With Cancer, Prognosis Encouraging
Tom Brokaw has cancer, NBC News announces
Tom Coburn Announces 2014 Retirement (Senate Conservatives Fund email)
Tom Coburn Slams Ryan/Murray Budget Deal
Tom Coburn to Congress: ‘The Problem Is Us’
Tom Coburn, the original Tea Party member of Congress, is calling it quits
Tom Coburn: The Year Washington Fled Reality
Tom Cotton blasts NRSC attack on Mark Pryor (another "lets pull our punches" republican!)
Tom DeLay: God 'wrote the Constitution'
Tom Hoefling Statement to June 3rd Republican Primary Voters
Tom Hoefling challenges Terry Branstad to five debates over Iowa’s future
Tom Hoefling, Tom Shaw offer up revolutionary 2014 GOP Unity Platform to caucus-goers
Tom Latham won't seek re-election
Tom Laughlin, star of 'Billy Jack' films, dies at age 82
Tom Pauken withdraws from GOP governor’s race
Tom Price’s Obamacare Alternative Could Save $2.34 Trillion Over 10 Years
Tom Selleck’s “Blue Bloods” Reflects the Conservatism of its Star
Tom Sizemore admits to making up story about affair between Elizabeth Hurley and Bill Clinton
Tomato Planting Guide
Tombs of legendary lovers
Tommy
Tomorrow May Be Too Late
Tomorrow’s hamburger may cost as much as today’s steak - Beef prices expected to rise through 2016
Tongues of Fire ~ Pillars of Light
Toni's Kitty Rescue Saves Homeless Kittens (and Takes Impossibly Adorable Photos)
Tonight (03/29) is 'Earth Hour'
Tonight Show favourite David Brenner dead at 78 following cancer battle
Tonight: The Rise of the 2013 “Mini-Moon”
Tons of garbage dumped on Oakland streets
Tony Abbott brings back Knights and Dames with outgoing GG Quentin Bryce the first to be honoured
Tony Abbott to approve Australia’s biggest ever military purchase of stealth fighter jets
Tony Benn, Leading British Leftist, Dies at 88
Tony Bennett Slams Modern Music: Today’s Songs Are ‘Terrible’
Tony Blair handed £3m slice of Barack Obama’s aid for Africans
Tony Blair ‘brokered deal’ blocking IRA victims from suing Libya
Tony Campolo to Shutter Ministry He Started 40 Years Ago [Heretic Death Watch]
Tony Meléndez - Never be The Same
Tony Norman: Why can't gun lovers handle rational limits?
Tony Romo Out For Rest Of Season
Tony Scott, Hank Kleeman, Kara Hultgreen and the F-14 Tomcat:...
Too Big To Fail Banks Are Taking Over As Number Of U.S. Banks Falls To All-Time Record Low
Too Many Earthquakes
Too Many of America’s Elite Colleges Offer Empty Promises, Study Shows
Too old to be given cancer treatment: NHS is 'writing off' patients who are over 75
Too old to be given cancer treatment: NHS is ‘writing off’ patients who are over 75
Too old to get lifesaving drugs: Anger at plan to deny treatment if you've had a 'fair innings'
Tools to secure your Android phone
Top 1 percent reaps 90 percent of income gains since Obama took office
Top 10 Absurd Quotes by Lindsey Graham
Top 10 Achievements of Putin in Ukraine
Top 10 Bad Votes by Lindsey Graham
Top 10 Conservatives of 2013
Top 10 Greatest Airplane Movies
Top 10 Kremlin myths & lies used to justify Russian invasion of Ukraine’s Crimea
Top 10 Most Anticipated Movies of 2014 (video)
Top 10 Movies of the 1970s
Top 10 Reasons Why Soccer Is Better Than Football
Top 10 Revelations From Robert Gates’s Memoir
Top 10 States Americans Are Fleeing
Top 10 Tips For Beginning Linux
Top 10 Turn-Offs for Women
Top 10 coldest games in NFL history
Top 10 gifts to give the liberals in your life...
Top 10 psychopathic professions: CEO, lawyer — then media, twice
Top 10 things Putin said to Obama about Ukraine
Top 100 Actresses and Their Best Movies (poll)
Top 15 Civil War movies
Top 15 Greatest Science Fiction Writers of All-Time
Top 25 Reasons Why Democrats are Better than Republicans
Top 40% Paid 106.2% of Income Taxes; Bottom 40% Paid -9.1%, Got Average of $18,950 in 'Transfers'
Top 5 Consequences of Putin's 'Crimea Reset'
Top 5 OFA Pajama Boy Photoshops (great pics at link)
Top 5 Reasons You Should Vote for The Governor as Best Villain of 2013...The Walking Dead
Top 5 Worst Athlete Tattoos
Top 6 upcoming media revelations to clear the path for Hillary Clinton’s presidential run
Top Alaska Republican praises Begich (moderate republican protects [fellow] democrat!)
Top Cop Shows Off Chicago's "Gun Vault"
Top Dem Hints at Forbidden Entitlement Cuts (Steny Hoyer)
Top Dem pollster: 'Don't defend' Obamacare, call it 'flawed from the beginning'
Top Democrat money man pleads guilty to campaign finance violations
Top Democratic Lawmaker Proposes Fuel Tax
Top Earning American Idols 2013
Top Five Pro-Gun Moments in 2013
Top French Court Reinstates Ban on Anti-Semitic Comic
Top German court: euro bailout fund is kosher
Top Hill lawmakers concerned about Olympic security, amid new terror threats and attacks
Top House Republican: We Already Caught White House Lying About IRS Targeting Scandal (Video)
Top Kiev official wounded in shooting incident in city center
Top Minn. legislators pledge boost in minimum wage
Top Obama Official: Out Gay Athlete as Courageous as US Combat Soldiers
Top Ohio Republicans face down intraparty critics
Top Papal Ally Urges Vatican Doctrine Chief Müller to Loosen Up
Top Political Forecaster Stuart Rothenberg: Thad Cochran in 'Deep Trouble'
Top Republicans Call for Return to Cold War
Top Republicans to Call for Legal Status for Some Immigrants (Leaks from GOP Amnesty Plan)
Top Republicans to present immigration plan
Top Saudi lets the cat out of the bag
Top Senate Dems still short on gun control votes
Top Ten List Of American Stupidity
Top Ten Myths About Pope Francis’ First Year
Top Ten Obama - Putin threats
Top Ten Things an Exceptional Conservative Can Do!
Top Ten: Aside from Obama, who had the worst 2013? (Detroit?)
Top Texas Republicans Avoid Chris Christie’s Fundraising Events
Top Things to Donate to Animal Shelters
Top Treasury employees swindled thousands of dollars, in-the-know bosses did nothing
Top U.S. Diplomat For Europe: “F*** The EU” [Told to U.S. Ambassador to...UKRAINE]
Top U.S. Republicans call for Michigan GOP committeeman to resign
Top U.S. Scientific Misconduct Official Quits in Frustration With Bureaucracy
Top U.S.-Backed Rebel Commander Flees Syria
Top UK scientist criticized by peers for saying floods caused by global warming
Top UN official slams Vatican’s pro-life stand at pro-abortion conference in Philippines
Top US leadership feels diplomat row with India 'most stupid thing to do'
Top Volkswagen official says failure to unionize could hurt the South's chances of VW presence
Top conservative: 2016 not Ted Cruz's turn, favors Mike Pence-Rand Paul ticket (Guess who?)
Top cop ‘optimistic’ that visiting gang leaders’ homes cuts violence (Chicago)
Top doctor: 'Gay' blood will taint U.S. supply
Top dog: Which breed sets popularity-ranking record in U.S.?
Top exoplanet finds of 2013
Top five O-Care controversies.... 1) Canceled health plans
Top insurer warns that Obamacare enrollment mix worse than expected [Humana, Medicare Advantage]
Top intelligence chiefs warn Syria could become base for attacks against US
Top lawmakers push back on Benghazi report
Top news from jpost Israel Navy fires at 2 suspected smuggling boats off Gaza coast
Top of Boston’s ad world a male bastion no longer
Top ten states for year-over-year job growth
Topless Feminists Disrupt Christmas Mass to Protest Abortion
Topless Feminists Disrupt Pro-Life Rally: Chant “Pro-Life is Genocide, Go to Hell”
Topless Feminists Interrupt Mass in Sweden to Protest Abortion
Topless idiots attack Archbp. of Madrid chanting: Abortion is sacred.
Topless mom arrested for McDonald's rampage says she was NOT on drugs
Topless woman attacks officer at Walmart in Manatee County, deputies say
Tories need less ‘hate’ to win election, says minister (UK)
Toronto Mayor Ford Accused in Jail Beating
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford orders staff to take down rainbow flag outside city hall
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford: I drank a little with my friends before latest video
Toronto Police getting smaller crusiers
Toronto Zoo polar bear cub takes first steps
Toronto mayor wants rainbow protest flag removed
Toronto rapper Murda Marz dead after bullet-riddled Chevy Malibu found in Cabbagetown in ‘brazen...'
Toronto school trustee called ‘homophobic’ for questioning nudity at ‘family friendly’ Pride parade
Torrance Officer Cleared in Dorner Mistaken ID Shooting
Torturing the Torture Study
Tory Party is dominated by 'extreme' views on Europe, gay marriage and green policies,
Tory former mayor arrested 'for owning a Nazi pistol from Second World War
Tory grandee smears Nelson Mandela and claims apartheid was harder for WHITE South African leader
Toshiba Satellite Windows 7 freezing
Total Lawlessness, a Disastrous Economy, and CBS Asks Obama About ... What He's Watching on TV
Total chaos: 1-3 inches of snow cripples metro Atlanta
Total freakin' vanity. :)
Total number of one-on-one meetings between Obama and Sebelius since ObamaCare was passed: One
Totalitarian Troubadour: We shouldn’t forget that Pete Seeger was Communism’s pied piper.
Totalitarianism is back in vogue
Totalitarians and TEKEs
Touching Proctor and Gamble Ad Highlights Mothers: “Thank You Mom”
Touching moment that high school wrestler lost state title
Tough Economic Times Ahead…and Not Just For Blacks!
Tough tactics on immigration reform (Activists are in all-out harassment mode)
Tougher N.Y. gun law leads to end of AR-15 sales, rise in felony cases
Tour Of Ukraine-Russia Border Finds No Signs Of Military Buildup
Toure: Playing In Snow Is "Dancing On The Deck Of The Titanic" Because Of Climate Change
Tourist distracted by Facebook falls off pier (Melbourne, Australia)
Tourists robbed at gunpoint in Central Park
Tow Truck Driver Charged With Murder After Police Say He Ran Down Man Who Robbed Him
Toward Effective Christian Witness: Making Room for the Gospel
Toward a proper and richer understanding of the word “Relevant.”
Toward insurrection? Do we still know what this is all about?
Towards the extraction of ‘live’ electricity”: Report from Open Power Association
Towering Obama Arrogance and Superbia Confirmed in Robert Gates' New Tell-All Book...
Towering Over Our Little French Friend in Tall Cotton…Candy
Town by town, Assad regime retakes southwestern Syria
Town of Seneca goes viral after listed on Craigslist for sale
Towns Say 'No Tanks' to Militarized Police
Toy Story: The True Identity of Andy's Mom Makes The Movie More Epic
Toyota Brings Hydrogen Cars To Production
Toyota Recalls 1.9 Million Prius Vehicles Worldwide Over (software) Glitch
Toyota recalls 6.5 MILLION cars because airbags may fail, steering columns might break
Toyota to end car manufacturing in Australia
Tracking Academic Bias Historically
Tracking down MH370 black boxes a Herculean challenge
Tracy Morgan Is Co-Grand Marshal of Winterfest Boat Parade
Trade Dispute Centers on Ukrainian Executive with ties to Clintons
Trader Joe Has a Brother. He’s Even Better.
Trader Joe's drops black-neighborhood store plan
Trader Joe’s Pulls Out Of Poor Portland, Oregon Neighborhood [after protests from radical leftists]
Trader kills self in finance world’s latest suicide
Tradespeople, suppliers 'stiffed' in pet store expansion
Trading for Tim Tebow was a mistake, former Jets GM now says
Traditional Catholic Page on Conversion of the Heart
Traditional Catholics care that sexual sins offend God and hurt us
Traditional Danish pasties threatened by EU cinnamon ban
Traditional Latin Mass, Abortion, Homosexuality, BirthControl, BrainDead are Subjects to be Avoided
Traffic cameras could generate $18 mil for Lubbock County(Texas)
Tragedy Exposes N.Y. City Infrastructure Woes (Crumbling - Too Expensive to Fix)
Trailer Park Living Invades New York
Train 'Peeping Tom' escapes justice after 'upskirting' found 'legal'( Boston )
Train Accidents Stir Worries About Crude Transport
Train Carrying Canadian Oil Derails, Leaks In Pennsylvania
Train Carrying Fuel Oil Derails, Spills In Mississippi
Train Derailment West of Casselton [ North Dakota ]
Train Operator Behind O'Hare Crash Identified
Train carrying oil derails, catches fire in Canada
Train hits, kills crew member filming Gregg Allman biopic
Train runs over man as he poses for photo
Trains Carrying Fracked Oil Could Pass Through More Bay Area Cities, Report Says
Trains, Pain and No Automobiles (Saturbray)
Trainwreck: White House Issues More Frantic Obamacare Deadline Extensions
Tranny Time: US Military Becoming Global Joke
Tranny time: U.S. military becoming global joke
Tranquil Weather across Most of the Nation for Christmas Day
TransCanada CEO responds to Keystone concerns: It's "rhetoric and nonsense"
TransCanada CEO: I remain “very confident” President Obama will approve Keystone XL
TransCanada Tries To Seize U.S. Land For Keystone Pipeline (Eminent Domain)
TransCanada will look at rail if Keystone XL rejected
Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership:The biggest trade deal in the world.
Transcript In Part Of President Putin's Address To Parliament
Transcript: Bob Schieffer's interview with Texas Senator Ted Cruz
Transcript: Pope Francis' March 5 interview with Corriere della Sera
Transcripts show Clinton joking that Tom DeLay was behind James Byrd killing
Transformation Complete, Charles Johnson Denounces Ronald Reagan (LittleGreenFootballs)
Transformational Late Stage Drugs Delivered Through Deal-Making
Transgender Candidate to Challenge Gay Senator in Maryland
Transgender Defense: 'Donna' Says 'Doug' Is the Spokane Serial Killer
Transgender Emir of Syrian Al Qaeda Captured in Women’s Clothing
Transgender Love Story: Arin and Katie Break Up
Transgender People Are Paying The Price For The Media’s Willful Ignorance
Transgender Woman Claims The Man She Was Is Responsible For Triple Murder, Not Her
Transgender claims HARASSMENT, wants apology for being suspended after using women’s bathroom
Transgender male sues for $2.5 million and the right to compete against women at CrossFit Games
Transgender rights repeal misses California ballot
Transgender student reports being sexually assaulted in school bathroom
Transgender study looks at 'exceptionally high' suicide-attempt rate
Transgender teacher to return to California classroom as 'true self'
Transgender troop ban faces scrutiny by commission
Transgender woman held in Toronto-area men's prison
Transgender, women’s rights advocate and prominent Twitter engineer charged with rape
Transit bucks for commuters coming to Bay Area workers by Sept. 30
Translators required for those applying for driver's authorization cards
Transmutation Revolution? Mitsubishi Granted Patent for ‘Nuclide Transmutation’ Process
Transnational Transgressions: In Kosovo and Honduras, Obama-ite foreign policy gave Putin...
Transparency Lacking in ESA Grouse Listing
Transparency Through a Glass, Darkly
Transport driver in viral video identified, charged
Transracial adoption rally in Montgomery
Trapped (global warming) research ship, rescue vessel break free of Antarctic ice
Trapped Americans Flown Out of Violence-Torn City in South Sudan
Trapped by the law-For an undocumented couple, the fear of deportation is worth
Trapped in an Underwater Air Bubble for Three Days (June '13)
Trapped in the vortex of climate chaos
Trapped ship passengers can't go overboard with New Year celebration (ice trapped)
Trash hauling co. exec wins Pa. Senate seat (Tea Party beats establishment in a write-in!)
Trauma of Israel’s Notorious “Contact Centers”
Travel Channel’s Vatican “Mystery”
Travel chaos, power outages as massive storm hits Ontario, Quebec and Maritimes
Travelers at Cleveland Hopkins Airport brace for cuts by United Airlines (60%+ of flights to be cut)
Travels with POTUS, FLOTUS and the ‘Riddler’
Travis County Texas Holding Saxet Gun Show Hostage (Austin)
Trayvon Martin and the Flat Earth Society
Trayvon Martin story on stage Feb. 5
Trayvon Martin vigils sweep the country two years after his death
Trayvon Martin's Mom To Speak On Campus ( UCONN ) !
Trayvon Martin's Mother, At UConn, Challenges 'Stand Your Ground'
Trayvon Martin's mother to lead racial profiling discussion at University of Utah
Trayvon Martin's mother: 'Don’t think for one second racial profiling doesn’t happen'
Trayvon Martin's parents planning book
Trayvon Martin’s Parents Join Obama to Usher in 'My Brother’s Keeper' Initiative
Trayvon Martin’s parents join Obama for launch of minority initiative (‘My Brother’s Keeper’)
Trayvon’s Legacy – Miami-Dade School Board Lawyers Evaluating “Legal Risk” Pending FOIA Release
Treadwell shakes up struggling Senate campaign (Alaska update)
Treasure Island, CA Irradiated by Cesium-127 Among A Slew of Other Contaminants & Carcinogens!
Treasury Dept Accuses Iran of Working with Al Qaeda: Obama Rejects Sanctions
Treasury Will Allow Banks to Take Weed Money
Treasury didn't check for legal authority before delaying Obamacare mandate
Treasury expected to ease banking rules for Colorado pot shops
Treasury to pick manager for Obama myRA retirement program
Treasury's Lew warns that U.S. default could happen quickly
Treasury: Employers must “self-attest” OCare not behind staffing decisions–under penalty of perjury
Treasury: Employers must “self-attest” that ObamaCare not behind staffing decisions
Treasury: Employers must “self-attest” that ObamaCare not behind staffing decisions under penalty
Treasury: Interest Expense on the Debt Outstanding (2013: 415 Billion)
Treat UKIP as a major party, Ofcom orders TV channels: Regulator says success in previous…
Treatment or Jail: Patrick Kennedy Wages Fierce Anti-Pot Crusade
Treaty on Crimea’s accession to Russia corresponds to Russian Constitution
Treaty to accept Crimea, Sevastopol to Russian Federation signed
Treaty which could drag the US and UK into WAR with Russia
Treaty-Gate: Obama Is Becoming Nixon
Tree trimmer hospitalized with chain saw in neck
Trend-starting Texas drops algebra II mandate
Trend: Restoring Public Employee's ability to defend themselves
Trenton Mayor Tony Mack found guilty on all counts in federal corruption trial
Trenton Mayor Tony Mack may not be leaving office anytime soon
Trenton man stabbed Saturday night dies in hospital three days later
Trenton, N.J., mayor convicted of bribery, fraud, extortion
Trevor Loudon's Interesting Dream Team For 2016
Trey Gowdy Demands President Obama Enforce the Law
Trey Gowdy Explodes on Obama in Stirring Floor Speech
Trey Gowdy Gets a Crack at IRS Commissioner During Hearing on Targeting Scandal
Trey Gowdy rips State Dept. over slow response in naming Benghazi terrorist groups
Trey Gowdy schools Democrats on why Lois Lerner waived her 5th amendment rights (video only)
Trey Gowdy threatens to hold IRS commissioner in contempt for withholding Lerner emails [VIDEO]
Trey Gowdy to Eric Holder: Prosecute Lerner, Prove You're a Real AG
Trey Gowdy: IRS' Lerner to be Held in Contempt of Congress Soon
Trey Gowdy: If Obama can ignore parts of ObamaCare, could he ignore election laws too?
Trey Radel to resign House seat (GOP FL-Rep busted for cocaine)
Tri touts solution to boost economy more immigrant labor.
Trial Ordered For Detroit-area Man Charged In Porch Shooting
Trial begins for Dallas man accused of murdering neighbors in dog-poop dispute
Tribute to Mikhail Kalashnikov and the AK-47
Tributes pour in for Nelson Mandela
Trifexis Deaths
Trigger-Happy Investors Still in the Game
Triggered avalanche takes on life of own as it wipes out lift [Crystal Mountain, WA]
Trilobites: Sudden Appearance and Rapid Burial
Trim Corporate Welfare to $0
Trinidad and Tobago:Intruder shot dead
Trio criticized over Mandela selfie (Obama, Cameron and Danish PM at memorial service)
Triple Murder Scene At Tattoo Party "Like a Battlefield"
Tripping over TTIP: Obstacles overshadow EU-US trade pact
Triumph of the Eloi (pajama boy)
Triumph of the Vulgarians: Decency is now the new taboo
Troika consultancies: A multi-million euro business beyond scrutiny (EU ‘bailouts’)
Trojan Horses: How Obamacare Actually Paves the Way Toward Single Payer
Troop cut may cost fort 2,700 soldiers, civil service
Troop greeter Bill Knight dies Christmas Day at the age of 91[The Way We Get By]
Troopers: Homer man kills himself with trooper's gun during struggle
Troops left to fend for themselves after Army was warned of flaws in rifle
Trouble for Democrats in Michigan?
Trouble in Obamacare paradise: California doctors boycotting state exchange
Troy Riggs: Longer gun crime sentences needed (IN)
Truce crumbles amid gunfire in Ukraine, at least 20 dead
Truce declared in bloodied Ukraine, but will it last through talks?
Truck Carrying Dangerous Radioactive Material Stolen in Mexico
Truck Tire Blows Up In Shop
Truck carrying 'extremely dangerous' radioactive material found after it was stolen in Mexico
Truck carrying radioactive material reportedly stolen in Mexico
Truck en route to Syria stirs crisis between judiciary, executive (weapons truck)
True Detective Is Changing—but for the Better, or for the Worse?
True Detective Star: ‘The President Has Seen My Boobs’
True Detective finale: greatest miniseries end ever?
True Grit: An Update on the Latin Mass in Germany
True Humilty is True Friendship
True Nature of Survival
True the Vote President: Cummings Emails 'Tip of an Ugly Iceberg'
True the Vote president calls Cummings damning emails ‘the tip of a very ugly iceberg’
Trumka on Mandela's Passing:He 'Was a Gentle,Yet Determined,Man Who Fought for His Convictions'
Trumka: ‘Right-Wing Zealotry’ Played Role in VW Vote
Trumka:House Should Vote Now on Senate Immigration Bill
Trump Vows to Cut NY Taxes by 50 Percent
Trump Wows CPAC: Says Putin 'Toying With Obama'
Trump opts out of gov race for 'bigger plans'
Trump says weighing run for America's top job, Christie hurt
Trump: Real Unemployment Rate 21, 22 Percent
Truth Slips Away in Public Debate
Truth Team: You're going to want to share this far and wide [Obamacare propaganda]
Truth be told, I really do make this face when I hear someone praise Obama
Truth of human dignity is burned on our hearts, archbishop says
TruthRevolt Blocks Mozilla Firefox to Protest Anti-Conservative Discrimination
Try Not To Punch Your Screen As These Seniors Explain What Obamacare Has Done To Them
Try Not to Chuckle While Watching the New Obama-Biden Workout Video
Try, Try Again: Conn. Lawmakers Again Consider Letting Doctors Assist With Suicide
Trying to Scare Us
Tsunami alert after Solomon Islands earthquake
Tsunami strikes Chile: Live updates after massive 8.3 magnitude earthquake causes giant wave
Tuba Skinny Set from Royal Street 4/12/13 - NINE SONGS [video only]
Tucker Carlson: Obama Admin "Getting Into Soviet Territory" With Actors Shilling For Obamacare
Tuffy the Clown
Tuffy the Rodeo Clown Leads ‘Person of the Year’ Award
Tuition–free online university welcomes students from America and the world
Tulsa (Oklahoma) Man Accused of Taking Toddler on Drunken Horse Ride
Tulsa Police Identify Man Shot And Killed In Apparent Home Invasion
Tumbleweeds Overtake Colorado Neighborhood and Trap Families in Their Homes
Tumbleweeds bury Clovis homes
Tumblr 2013 Year in Review Top Photobombs
Tumor removed from Patrick McCaffery is malignant
Tune out the war party!
Tunisia: ‘Only a Muslim Can Be President’
Tunneling of slow quantum packets through the high Coulomb barrier
Turban High (The Army needs Turbines, not turbans)
Turbos Beat Displacement In Police Testing
Turchynov instructed to sell property Dusi (privatization)
Turkey 'has Replaced Iran as Hamas's Sponsor'
Turkey And Iran Accused Of Oil-For-Cash Sanctions Scheme
Turkey Blocks Access to Twitter Right Before Twitter Use Soars in Turkey
Turkey Decrees Kangaroo & Grasshoppers 'Halal' Food; But Badgers, Martens, Weasels ... Not So Good
Turkey Restores Land to Ancient Monastery
Turkey Threatens to Close Bosphorus for Russian Ships [also will not recognize Crimean vote]
Turkey Warns Russia it Will Blockade Bosphorus if Violence Occurs
Turkey Warns of Syrian Intervention to Protect Ancient Tomb
Turkey blocks YouTube after banning Twitter
Turkey calls Syria security leak 'villainous,' blocks YouTube
Turkey caught in the Russia-Crimea snowstorm
Turkey defers to Baghdad on oil from Iraqi Kurdistan
Turkey dismisses 350 police officers in Ankara
Turkey may use Mitsubishi Heavy engines in new tanks
Turkey requests Santa Claus’ bones from Pope
Turkey selects Navantia's Juan Carlos LHD design as winner of its LPD tender
Turkey shoots down Syrian plane it says violated air space
Turkey shuts off YouTube after 'Syria invasion plan' leak
Turkey threatens Russia
Turkey to act in line with NATO, not recognize Crimea vote
Turkey's Erdogan vows to 'liquidate' treachery at home and abroad
Turkey, Qatar excluded from Cairo Islamic meeting
Turkey, Russia renew 250-year debate over Crimea
Turkey-EU migrant deal paves way for talks on visa-free travel
Turkeys inspire smartphone-capable early warning system for toxins
Turkey’s Erdogan Tied to Designated Saudi Terrorist
Turkey’s New Jihad on Christian Armenians
Turkey’s new carrier alters eastern Mediterranean energy and security calculus
Turkish FM: 1915 Armenian deportation inhumane
Turkish PM Erdo&#287;an announces new Cabinet with 10 changes amid graft probe
Turkish PM Erdogan tells enemies they will pay price after poll
Turkish PM accuses prosecutors and police of spying
Turkish PM says tapes of talk with son a fabrication (Turkey the next Ukraine?)
Turkish President Signs Internet Censorship Law
Turkish Prime Minister Delivers Speech As a Hologram
Turkish bizarre: MPs throw tablets, punch colleagues in heated brawl [VIDEO]
Turkish central bank makes massive rate hike to stem lira fall
Turkish counterterrorism raids target al Islamic charity, net al Qaeda operatives
Turkish economy, interior, environment ministers resign amid graft scandal
Turkish judicial purge brings corruption investigation to halt
Turkish police raid charity accused of sending arms to Syria (the Gaza flotilla ‘charity’)
Turley on Expansion of Presidential Powers: "We Have Become a Nation of Enablers" (MUST SEE video)
Turley: Obama's "Become The Very Danger The Constitution Was Designed To Avoid"
Turmoil as de Blasio botches early snow
Turn on Your Heart Light and Meet NASA’s “Superhero” Robot
Turn: TV Review
Turning the Tables on Conventional Thinking For Better Evangelization.
Turnout in Mind, Obama Cites Voting Rights "Threat"
Turtle makes rare journey north
Tutu urges Uganda’s Museveni against anti-gay bill
Tuukka Rask, Finland eliminate Russia in quarterfinals
Tweet From PR Exec's Account About AIDS, Africa And Race Sparks Outrage Online
Tweeting faith and family: Russell Wilson goes to church before Super Bowl...
Twelve Actions to Stop Obamacare
Twelve Days of Christmas valued at $27,393.17 in 2013
Twelve hours to get a Z-pack? Thanks, Øbamacare, for nothing.
Twenty of the Most Influential Evangelicals in America
Twenty years later... The "THWACK" heard around the world.
Twilight of the Aircraft Carrier?
Twin Doctors’ Diet Experiment: One Gave Up Sugar, One Gave Up Fat
Twin NASA Probes Find “Zebra Stripes” in Earth’s Radiation Belt
Twin Nigeria blasts kill at least 50 in Maiduguri
Twinned Cities Now Following Different Paths
Twisted Logic from MSNBC's Hayes: Paying People Not to Work Encourages Them to 'Get Back to Work'
Twisted Understanding Of The Constitution Leads To Things Like This
Twisting Sexual-Assault Statistics: President Obama’s numbers are hyperbolic.
Twisting the Scripture: Casting Stones
Twitter Goes Dark After Turkish Prime Minister Threatened To Wipe Out The Service
Twitter Photos Blocked In Venezuela, Users Say
Twitter Twaddle: Bill Maher Compares 'March Madness' to Colonial Slavery
Twitter developing e-commerce service
Twitter hoaxes are the new normal: A lesson from 2013
Twitter sues Turkey over service ban
Twitter threatens to sue Obama administration
Two Americas
Two Americas Tied in a Bow
Two Anniversaries Gun Control Supporters Aren't Celebrating
Two Billion in Ukrainian gold takes wing, but to whom?
Two Blacks Discuss this Month in Racism [Language warning]
Two Canadians killed in Kabul hotel attack
Two Cheap Gun Opportunities in North Carolina
Two Claims for Reagan’s Mantle (Ted Cruz and Rand Paul)
Two Colossal Statues Unveiled in Luxor
Two Democrats call for investigation of IRS watchdog who led targeting probe
Two Dismal Months in a Row: Just 113,000 Jobs Added in January (Not much better than December.)
Two Gall Bladders, a Paradigm, and a Sharing Ministry
Two Guantanamo detainees sent to Sudan
Two Maps That Show How Out of Touch the White House Is With the Rest of America.
Two Mexicans charged with running outlaw gun factory in California
Two Muslim converts guilty of killing UK soldier Lee Rigby on London street
Two New Executive Orders Will Change Who Can Buy Guns
Two New Studies Raise Red Flags on Obamacare
Two North Carolina Muslim Converts Arrested on Terrorism Charges
Two Of The GOP's Top Presidential Prospects Are Engaged In A Very Public Feud
Two Oscar Voters Picked '12 Years A Slave' Without Watching It
Two People Arrested After the Jumped Out of a Car During a High Speed Chase
Two Qantas Airways Jets Hit Each Other on Runway at LAX
Two Questions for Employers (vanity)
Two Senators Preparing New Iran Sanctions
Two States Look to Raise Legal Smoking Age to 21
Two Super Bowl QBs Christians Can Root For
Two Suspects Charged With Theft Of ‘Redbox' Movies
Two Totalitarians, One Game
Two UK hospitals incinerated the remains of dead babies for heat
Two Ways to Hurt Women in the Workplace
Two and a Half Cheers for Ryan-Murray
Two arrested in (Chicago)Christmas Day murder of pregnant teen
Two cheers for Lindsey Graham -- not conservative, but an indispensable Republican (LOL piece!!)
Two choices in Crimean referendum: yes and yes
Two cold-hearted teens stole woman’s purse, wedding ring as she lay dying: cops
Two dead in shooting in Russian Orthodox cathedral
Two decades after massacre, Hebron is still hurting
Two deported men will seek U.S. entry to reunite with their families
Two drug tunnels, with rail systems, found at U.S.-Mexico border
Two false charges in Electra, Texas. Prosecutor tries to add more at pretrial. And so much more.
Two firefighters killed, 13 others injured battling 9-alarm fire (Boston)
Two in Fall River arrested in connection with human trafficking, rape (video at link)
Two members of Congress subpoenaed in nursing homes' fight with SEIU
Two men attempt to torch 'Saturnalia' billboard in Pitman (NJ)
Two men speak out against Obamacare, receive IRS notices on same day
Two moms, a baby and a legal first for U.S. gay marriage
Two new polls show growing momentum for Huckabee
Two nuns honored for hiding Jewish families in WWII
Two of the Most Basic Elements of Evangelization: The Message and the Plan
Two open-carry backers lead to Germantown police response
Two states where only half of Obamacare sign-ups paid their premiums
Two teenage nursing assistants 'filmed themselves laughing as they beat up.....
Two teens killed, one injured in Christmas night shooting in Newark
Two things to remember as Obama steers America over the cliff...
Two thirds of French Jews considering leaving
Two top American bankers commit suicide in London as one jumps 500ft to his death...and another....
Two versions of Obama-Pope Francis discussion: Agreements, but some divergences
Two who benefited from rigged Madison County tax sales get prison time (Elected Democrat)
Two women charged with torturing, sexually assaulting woman
Two women hospitalized after Back Bay stabbing
Two ‘Purebred Unicorns’ Listed For Sale On Craigslist In NH
Two-Thirds Oppose Any ObamaCare Insurer Bailout
Two-legged dog has time of his life during first trip to beach [video]
Two-woman ticket in Texas goes for history in 2014
Two-year schools help to fill needs of growing natural gas industry
Tx State Rep District 8 Rhino Byrom Cook raises $115,000 not 1 dollar came from his district
Tycoon gives away $800 million fortune before suicide jump
Tyler Perry gives T.D. Jakes $1 million dollars at the Potters House Dallas HD
Tyler, The Creator Arrested After SXSW Riot Incident
Tymoshenko, ex-Ukraine PM, to go free after 30 months in prison
Type 056 corvette, China's new anti-sub weapon of choice
Typical New US Religious: 37yr-Old Cradle Catholic Who Regularly Takes Part in Eucharistic Adoration
Tyranny Through Regulation
Tyrone Woods' Facebook Page
U of Illinois Students Forced to Pay Extra for Health Care to Cover Sex Change Ops
U of M (Minnesota) crime alerts spark backlash
U of M graduate from Woodbury held in Abu Dhabi prison
U of M study sees signs of mortgage redlining in Twin Cities
U of Minn students want crime alerts to avoid using racial descriptions...
U. of Iowa president Sally Mason apologizes for remarks [Term "human nature" is "hurtful"]
U..S., Allies Throw Russia Out of G-8 (McFaul: Putin prepping for war w/ Nato)
U.K Guardian Reporter Aboard Icebound Antarctic Ship Goes Stir Crazy
U.N. General Assembly resolution calls Crimean referendum invalid
U.N. Sends Rescue Helicopters to South Sudan as Crisis Worsens
U.N. author says draft climate report alarmist, pulls out of team
U.N. nuclear agency opted against sensitive Iran report
U.N. surveillance drone in Congo crashes - sources
U.S Muslims Rejoice in Abundant Rain After Prayers (Rain Caused By Their Prayers
U.S braces itself for coldest month of the century Arctic blast as fears grow for Super
U.S braces itself for coldest month of the century with yet another Arctic blast
U.S. 89 construction north of Kanab daily road closure
U.S. Adds 113,000 Jobs, in Latest Worrying Sign on Growth
U.S. Aid to Afghans Flows On Despite Warnings of Misuse
U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds Rehearse Rose Parade Flyover
U.S. Air Force reveals ‘neighborhood watch' spy satellite program
U.S. Ambassador Nominee Knows Nothing about Norway
U.S. Army Cutting Live-Fire Training
U.S. Army Gets Big-Ass Old-School Gun (Recoilless Rifle)
U.S. Army’s elite Special Forces train with local cops in a secretive joint exercise
U.S. Automakers and the NSA – Peas in a Pod
U.S. BLASTS NAZIS IN MT. CASSINO ABBEY; ALLIES WIN ISLES 135 MILES FROM RABAUL (2/16/44)
U.S. BOMBERS RAIN FIRE ON BERLIN; 38 DOWNED, 83 NAZI CRAFT BAGGED (3/9/44)
U.S. BOMBERS SET EMDEN ABLAZE; 138 NAZI PLANES DOWNED TO OUR 20 (12/12/43)
U.S. Bakken oil more flammable than others, regulator says
U.S. Believes Russian Forces Land in Ukraine (Fmr. Georgia Pres says Bush stopped Putin in 2008)
U.S. Benghazi compound lease renewed without security
U.S. Blocks 'Sexual Fidelity' as AIDS-Fighting Strategy at U.N.
U.S. Border Patrol Agent Faces Murder Charges in Texas
U.S. CARRIERS SINK TWO CRUISERS, DOWN 72 PLANES IN MARSHALLS (12/9/43)
U.S. CBO projects job losses with minimum wage increase (500,000 jobs lost)
U.S. Catholic bishops urge immigration reform
U.S. Cattle Herd Is At A 61 Year Low And Organic Food Shortages Are Being Reported All Over America
U.S. Chamber Of Commerce To Run Ads In Favor Of WV GOP Candidates (Chamber of Amnesty)
U.S. Chamber of Commerce Drops Crusade Against Obamacare
U.S. Charges Dozens of Russian Diplomats and Spouses With Medicaid Fraud
U.S. Citizen May Be Targeted With Drone Strike: Reports
U.S. Civil Rights Comm. Panel Blasts Policy Making Job Background Checks Discriminatory
U.S. Council of Muslim Organizations
U.S. Customs grounds fleet of drones after crash at sea
U.S. Delegation to Mandela Funeral: Five Hotels, Transportation Cost $19M
U.S. Demand For Oil Rose 4-5 Percent In 2013, Startling Analysts
U.S. Democrats launch push to expand voting access ('BeelzaBubba' to fight voter ID restrictions)
U.S. Department of Energy Invites Submission of LENR Proposals
U.S. Destroyer Joins Hunt For Vanished Malaysia Airlines Flight [No crash confirmation]
U.S. Didn’t Abandon Robert Levinson, Secretary of State Kerry Says
U.S. District Judge Rules Oklahoma Ban on Marriage Equality Unconstitutional
U.S. Economy Grew At 3.6 Percent In Third Quarter; Jobless Claims Dip
U.S. Economy Grows 3.2% in 4Q
U.S. Energy Policy: A National Money Hole?
U.S. Envoy Resigns, but Grievances Linger in New Delhi
U.S. FLEET ATTACKS PALAU, NEAR PHILIPPINES; M’ARTHUR’S FLIERS BOMB TRUK; BAG 172 PLANES (3/31/44)
U.S. FLIERS HIT BREMEN, AUGSBURG; RUSSIANS ADVANCING ON VITEBSK (12/21/43)
U.S. FORCE RIPS BASE 1,300 MILES FROM TOKYO; AMERICANS MAKE A JUNCTION ON NEW BRITAIN (2/24/44)
U.S. FORCE WINS BEACHES ON MARSHALLS ATOLL; BATTLES RAGE ON FIRST JAPANESE SOIL INVADED (2/2/44)
U.S. Firearm production sets record in 2012: AR-15 production up over 100%
U.S. Flags Lowered For Mandela, A Rare Honor For Foreign Leaders
U.S. Gives Russia Free Military Equipment Used By Army, Marines
U.S. Gov't Study Pays Mexican Male Prostitutes For Not Getting STDs
U.S. Government Caught Pirating Military Software, Settles For $50 Million
U.S. Government Reporting Requirements For Coin And Bullion Dealers
U.S. Government's New Way Of Calculating GDP: Would become 3% bigger due to a change in statistics
U.S. Growth Picture Brightens as Exports Hit Record
U.S. House GOP To Introduce Shortly New Immigration Plan, Including Path To Legal Status
U.S. House approves 'clean' debt limit after Republicans drop demands (Cornyn needs 5 GOP votes!)
U.S. Immigration Policy Leaves Behind 'Orphans Of Deportation
U.S. Intel Assessement: Greater Likelihood Russia Will Enter Eastern Ukraine (and Baltics)
U.S. Investigates Voting Machines’ Venezuela Ties (circa 2006)
U.S. Investigating Dennis Rodman for Busting Sanctions
U.S. Investigators Suspect Missing Malaysia Airlines Plane Flew On for Hours
U.S. Job Growth Falters As Cold Weather Grips Nation
U.S. Jobless Claims Fall, Point To Firming Labor Market
U.S. Jobless Claims Rise Less Than Expected Last Week
U.S. Judge Strikes Down Texas Ban on Same-Sex Marriage
U.S. Judge Upholds Most New York Gun Limits (Dated December 31, 2013)
U.S. Lets Gitmo Terrorist Publish Letter About Suffering, Abuse at Prison
U.S. Marines poised to enter South Sudan
U.S. Military Hires Chaplains Endorsed by Brotherhood Entity
U.S. Military Hires Terror-Tied Muslim Chaplains
U.S. Military Involvement in 2014 Winter Olympics Security
U.S. Millionaires Club Grows To Almost 10 Million
U.S. Mission Logo Creates Ominous SPECTRE
U.S. Museum to Exhibit Bertrand Russell's 'Be Nice to Hitler' Letter
U.S. NAVY BOMBARDS NAURU ISLE; STRONG FORCE INCLUDES CARRIERS (12/10/43)
U.S. Names Domestic Test Sites for Drone Aircraft
U.S. Naval ship assigned to Sochi runs aground while refueling and is out of commission
U.S. Navy Analyzes Operations Within an Evolving Arctic Frontier
U.S. Navy Commander found murdered in Orange Park hotel
U.S. Navy SEALs seize fugitive oil tanker
U.S. Navy Sending Destroyer to Black Sea
U.S. Navy to order 33 fewer F-35s than planned in next 5 yrs -source
U.S. Navy to test futuristic, super-fast gun at sea in 2016
U.S. Offers Russia High-Tech Aid to Thwart Sochi Terror
U.S. Oil Production Keeps Rising Beyond the Forecasts
U.S. Olympic athletes warned against wearing uniforms outside venues in Sochi
U.S. PLANES BOMB GERMANY AGAIN, DESTROY 38 CRAFT AT COST OF 25 (12/23/43)
U.S. PLANES BOMB POLAND, EAST PRUSSIA; RUSSIANS AT ODESSA’S RIM, FLANK JASSY (4/10/44)
U.S. PLANES IN 4TH BLOW AT BERLIN SEE LITTLE OF FOE, LOSE 8 CRAFT (3/10/44)
U.S. Plans to Give Up Oversight of Web Domain Manager
U.S. Pledges $380 Million in Relief Aid for Syria
U.S. Post Office Offers Illegal Alien-Friendly Wire Transfer Service
U.S. Producer Prices Fall, Offer Little Sign Of Inflation Pressure
U.S. Proposes Cuts to Rates in Medicare Payments
U.S. Pushes Last-Ditch Effort to Ease Ukraine Crisis
U.S. Religious Knowledge Quiz
U.S. Rep. Rob Andrews releases statement on resignation
U.S. Representative Louie Gohmert, U.S. Senator Ted Cruz win award in East Texas
U.S. Response to Crimea Worries Japan’s Leaders
U.S. SHIPS AND PLANES HIT ATOLLS IN SAVAGE ATTACK ON MARSHALLS (1/31/44)
U.S. SHIPS SHELL PARAMUSHIRU; SURPRISE JAPANESE HOME BASE; RUSSIANS IN NIKOPOL’S OUTSKIRTS (2/8/44)
U.S. Says Russia Tested Missile, Despite Treaty
U.S. Scurries to Shore Up Spying on Russia
U.S. Secret Service Solicits Proposals to Replace “The Beast” With New Presidential Limo
U.S. Secret Service visits refrigeration company in Target probe
U.S. Secretly Shipping Weapons to Syria
U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson links strict gun control laws in Chicago with a high murder rate
U.S. Senate Candidate Ken Cope Blasts Republican 'Capitulation' on Debt Vote (Cornyn Opponent)
U.S. Senate Candidate Nancy Mace Receives Endorsement from National Association for Gun Rights
U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee Benghazi Report
U.S. Senate Moves To Protect Bratwurst and Bologna From EU Over-Reach on Geographical Indications
U.S. Senate candidate Ken Cope offers 4-point jobs plan to spur U.S. economy (Cornyn opponent)
U.S. Senate extends gun ban; rejects bid address 3-D plastic firearms
U.S. Senate to speed up debt limit vote ahead of winter storm (Cornyn cloture crapweasel alert)
U.S. Senator Helped Ecuadoran Fugitives Convicted of Stealing Millions (Menendez)
U.S. Senator Reid, son combine for China firm's desert plant
U.S. Senator visits high school students (Cornyn lectures students on debt...)
U.S. Senators introduce bill to eliminate corn ethanol mandate
U.S. Sends Osprey Aircraft, More Special Forces to Uganda to Hunt Warlord Joseph Kony
U.S. Sens. Lindsey Graham, left, speaks (posted just for the accuracy of the statement!)
U.S. Shale Gas: Who Gets The Pie?
U.S. Soldiers Accidentally Kill Boy in Afghanistan
U.S. Space Assets Face Growing Threat From Adversaries, Stratcom Chief Warns
U.S. Spies Said No Invasion—Putin Disagreed (Obama admin epic fail)
U.S. Spies Said No Russian Invasion of Ukraine—Putin Disagreed
U.S. Still Waiting for Apology from Ya'alon; United States dissatisfied with Defense Minister's
U.S. Supported White Minority-Rule in South Africa
U.S. Supreme Court Discusses Right-to-Work For All Public Employees
U.S. Supreme Court Gives A Bully A Black Eye
U.S. Supreme Court Gives Broad Reading to Federal Firearm Prohibition for "Domestic Violence"
U.S. Supreme Court Protects Little Sisters of the Poor (win injunction against HHS mandate)
U.S. Supreme Court puts gay marriages in Utah on hold
U.S. Supreme Court rules conviction bars West Tennessee man from owning gun
U.S. Supreme Court to weigh cell phone searches by police
U.S. Suspends Diplomatic Relations with Syria
U.S. TROOPS INVADE NEW BRITAIN, WIN FOOTHOLD; RAF BOMBS BERLIN; ‘FORTS’ ALSO ATTACK REICH (12/17/43)
U.S. TROOPS TAKE ADMIRALTY ISLE (3/1/44)
U.S. Taxpayers (Unwittingly) Fund Terror Groups: Killing U.S. Soldiers But Pentagon Won't Act.
U.S. To Boycott Sochi Paralympics In Protest Over Ukraine Incursion: Sanctions are "likely"
U.S. Trade Deficit: Made in Washington, D.C.? (of course)
U.S. Trademark Office Says ‘Redskins’ is Derogatory
U.S. Treasury Says Iran Helping Al Qaeda in Syria
U.S. Troop Fatalities in Afghanistan; Obama vs. Bush [Chart]
U.S. UNITS LAND BEHIND FOE IN NEW GUINEA; RED ARMY 14 MILES FROM POLISH BORDER (1/3/44)
U.S. UNITS REPEL FOE ABOVE ANZIO, ERASE GAINS UNDER VAST AIR COVER (3/3/44)
U.S. VP Biden calls Russia's Medvedev, urges pullback from Ukraine
U.S. Warns American Travelers in Russia, and Border Region
U.S. Warns China Not to Attempt Crimea-Style Action in Asia
U.S. Warns Egypt Against Executing Brotherhood Supporters
U.S. Whites More Solidly Republican in Recent Years [ Yet another war Obama has un won ]
U.S. acts to keep minority, disabled students out of jail
U.S. aims to give up control over Internet administration
U.S. appeals court upholds new Texas abortion rules
U.S. assessment of Crimea: This isn’t an invasion, it’s an … “uncontested arrival”
U.S. attorney general treated for elevated heart rate -statement (Welcome to the club, AG Holder!)
U.S. birth rate drops as more women say 'no' to motherhood
U.S. bishops' president asks for Ash Wednesday prayers for Ukraine
U.S. bugged Schroeder when he was German chancellor: paper
U.S. business, labor leaders urge Congress to raise gas tax
U.S. charges Russian diplomats with healthcare fraud
U.S. citizen born in Mexico sues state prisons over job rejection
U.S. citizens forced to wait to reunite with foreign-born spouses as DREAM amnesty takes precedence
U.S. commander in Afghanistan warns that full withdrawal will allow al-Qaeda to regroup
U.S. concerned Russians not being truthful about Ukraine intentions
U.S. confirms warrantless searches of Americans
U.S. conservative 'Joe the Plumber' a union man? 'You betcha,' he says
U.S. could free Israeli spy in deal to save peace talks: source close to talks
U.S. could free Israeli spy in deal to save peace talks: source close to talks [Jonathan Pollard]
U.S. court rejects stay in Utah pro-gay marriage ruling
U.S. court upholds prisoner's right to taxpayer-funded sex change
U.S. crude oil production rising faster than expected, to test record highs by 2016
U.S. database for tracking Medicaid frauds falls short, auditor says (ACA)
U.S. defense chief gets earful as China visit exposes tensions
U.S. demands Netanyahu publicly condemn Ya'alon's attack on Kerry
U.S. durable goods orders unexpectedly plunge in December
U.S. economic growth revised sharply downward
U.S. efforts stall in capturing suspects in 2012 Benghazi attacks, officials say
U.S. energy boom firing on all cylinders for 2014
U.S. exits GM stake in $10 billon loss for taxpayers
U.S. eyes push against anti-gay laws worldwide
U.S. finalizing plan to boost support for Syrian rebels: sources
U.S. first-time jobless claims up by 5K to 320K
U.S. forces seize tanker carrying oil from Libya rebel port
U.S. foreign policy comes home to roost with Russia’s action in Ukraine
U.S. fourth-quarter growth cut to 2.4 percent
U.S. government to cede control of key Internet body
U.S. government: Americans are 'killer zombies'
U.S. group issues stroke prevention guidelines just for women
U.S. has deployed military advisers to Somalia, officials say
U.S. has lost track of tens of thousands of foreign students who came study to then took jobs
U.S. has not determined legal authority to delay Obamacare mandate
U.S. hockey goalie told to remove "We the People" from Olympic helmet
U.S. hospital admissions weakest in a decade: Citi analyst
U.S. hospitals hit with shortage of intravenous saline
U.S. household wealth above $80 trillion (record); boosted by stocks, housing
U.S. inequality is curable
U.S. initial jobless claims fall by 2,000 last week to 326,000
U.S. insurers fear backlash over new Obamacare rate increases
U.S. investors biggest scaredy-cats in the world
U.S. issues fresh warning to Russia over turmoil in Ukraine
U.S. job growth weakest in three years
U.S. jobless claims rise more than expected
U.S. jobless claims up modestly, labour market trend improving
U.S. jobs market dropouts increasingly likely to stay out
U.S. judge dismisses price-fixing claim against hotels, websites
U.S. judge frees anarchist jailed for refusal to testify in bomb probe
U.S. judge freezes assets of Mt. Gox bitcoin exchange boss
U.S. judge refuses to dismiss lawsuit over John Doe probe (Lerner-like Dem abuse of power)
U.S. likely to widen ban on profiling of criminal suspects
U.S. men’s hockey team takes down Russians 3-2 in epic shootout
U.S. military flights to Central African Republic set to start Thursday
U.S. missile strike targets suspected militant leader in Somalia
U.S. moderate Republican to retire after primary challenge emerges
U.S. navy unveils secret Cold War submarine that could roll on ocean floor
U.S. now producing more than 10 percent of the world’s crude oil
U.S. officials lean toward 'those in the cockpit' behind missing flight
U.S. permanently relaxes rules aimed at healthier school meals
U.S. plan gives Jerusalem holy sites to Vatican
U.S. policy has gone liberals’ way for 70 years
U.S. president sweats over sweaters during NY shopping stop
U.S. press freedom suffers under Obama, survey finds [World Press Freedom Index]
U.S. private sector adds 139,000 jobs in February: ADP
U.S. propane shortage deepens as cold snap reaches Midwest
U.S. propane shortage hits millions during brutal freeze
U.S. pushing Israel to stop assassinating Iranian nuclear scientists
U.S. regulator sues 16 banks for rigging key interest rate
U.S. reports three million Medicaid enrollments under Obamacare
U.S. said to curtail drone strikes in Pakistan as officials there seek peace talks with Taliban
U.S. scholars back boycott of Israel
U.S. scrap copper trade fears defaults from China
U.S. seeking Al Qaeda terrorist linked to Benghazi attack (NYT stunned)
U.S. seeks to keep dollars flowing to Nigeria
U.S. sells all its GM shares taking $10B loss
U.S. senator drops bombshell during VW plant union vote (Tennessee)
U.S. senators criticize Golden Globes Awards e-cigarette skit with in open letter
U.S. sets up 'climate hubs' to help rural communities affected by extreme weather
U.S. slams 'conservative gender norms'
U.S. soldiers facing cutbacks recruited by foreign militaries
U.S. states could turn to firing squads if execution drugs scarce
U.S. stock futures tumbling from three-pronged attack
U.S. storm team predicts below-average Atlantic hurricane season
U.S. suspends aid to Syrian rebels after Islamists seize warehouses
U.S. to Expand Rules Limiting Use of Profiling by Federal Agents
U.S. to Grant Immigrants Who Give Terrorists “Limited” Support Asylum
U.S. to Russia: Pull out of Ukraine immediately!
U.S. to allow some people to enroll in Obamacare after deadline (.. under certain circumstances)
U.S. to hand over tanker with contraband oil back to Libya
U.S. to relinquish remaining control over the Internet
U.S. to support fight on al Qaeda in Iraq without troops: Kerry
U.S. to trim air, sea and land nuke launchers under U.S.-Russia treaty: officials
U.S. training Free Syrian Army in Jordan — a group that violently targets Christians
U.S. urges North Korea to refrain from provocative actions
U.S. v. James Alvin Castleman
U.S. veterans despondent over al-Qaeda’s resurgence in Iraq
U.S. vows to defend Japan if conflict erupts in East China Sea
U.S. vs. Christians
U.S. warns China over currency depreciation
U.S. warns Russia against annexing Crimea
U.S. warns Russia: More sanctions coming due to Ukraine crisis
U.S. warns of cybersecurity, privacy threats at Sochi Olympics
U.S. warships deploy for Sochi Olympics
U.S. wildlife managers urge lifting Yellowstone grizzly protections
U.S. will cut deployed nuke missile force by 50
U.S. ‘Chose to Stay Silent’ on Muslim Persecution of Christians
U.S. ‘not safer’ from al-Qaeda
U.S. ´has stepped up surveillance bugging of senior German officials since Barack Obama ordered
U.S., British spy on online fantasy games seeking terrorists
U.S., Canada among the world’s top 4% most permissive nations on abortion: Report
U.S., Citing ‘Urgent’ Need, Calls On Hospitals to Improve Disaster Plans
U.S., Russia set to hold talks on Ukraine tensions
U.S.-Born Children Ask for Stop to Deportation of Parents
U.S.-Russia copter deal faces scrutiny
U.S.: Afghanistan can't 'keep deferring' decision on security pact
U.S.: Israel’s discrimination keeps it out of visa waiver deal
U.S.: No Need for PA to Recognize Israel
U.S.A. Nanny State of Mind
UAB suspends high school tours of anatomy lab after student's 'selfie' with cadaver
UAE Energy Forum: Shale Gas Is Not A Threat
UAE Navy gets sixth Baynunah Corvette Class ship
UAE airline ‘erases’ Israel from regional map
UAE raises possible deal for "Block 61" F-16
UAF reviews medical procedures after students inject unauthorized solution in classmates
UAH Global temperature, down slightly, “the pause” continues
UAW Asks NLRB to Void Union Loss at Tennessee Volkswagen Plant
UAW Challenges Tennessee VW Election
UAW Loss in Chattanooga a Repudiation of 1930s Unionism
UAW Sets Up Organizing Committee at Tesla's Fremont Factory
UAW Statement Regarding NRTW Lawsuit
UAW Union Suffers Crippling Defeat in Tennessee
UAW challenges result of Tennessee VW plant union vote
UAW flattened by a Volkswagen
UC Berkeley Hires First Wikipedian-in-Residence
UC Berkeley Mathematician Edward Frenkel on the Transcendent World of Math
UC-Santa Barbara feminist professor charged in confrontation with pro-life teen
UCI Report: Orange County Leads State in Child Deportation (California)
UCLA Police On Hunt For Black Peeper, White Sexual Batterer
UCLA Professor Says Jesus Supports Obamacare
UCLA Student Curses and Cries After Anti-Israel Measure Fails
UCLA Student Melts Down After Divestment Defeat
UCONN assistant football coach resigns following Jesus (pro) Jesus comment
UCSB Feminist Activist Student: Pro-Lifers Are 'Domestic Terrorists'
UCSB Officials Warn Students After Female, 19, Is Gang Raped, Beaten
UConn completes perfect season, wins record ninth women's basketball title
UConn’s Napier: ‘We do have hungry nights’ (College athlete unions)
UDALL GOES BIG: 2013 Wastebook Reveals Obamacare’s Outsized Cost
UEFA rule Atletico's on-loan Chelsea 'keeper can play against the Blues in UCL semis
UFC 168: Chris Weidman retains title when Anderson Silva breaks leg
UFC 169 LIVE THREAD
UFC 170 ROUSEY VS MCMANN LIVE THREAD
UFC 171: Johny Hendricks vs. Robbie Lawler Live Thread
UFC Fight Night 36: Machida vs. Mousasi Live Thread
UFC Fight Night 37: Kim vs. Hathaway LIVE THREAD
UFC Fight Night 38 Gustafsson vs. Manuwa LIVE THREAD
UFC On FOX Live Thread
UFCW Local 1500: Strike Signs Prepped for Stop & Shop
UFO SIGHTINGS ACROSS OREGON, SAME AS FLORIDA AND CALIFORNIA 1 JANUARY 2014
UFO Spotters Are Very Excited About This Suspicious NASA Photo from Mars
UFO: Two Soccer Stadiums sized Alien UFO in Chile
UGH: Obama admin forcing federal contractors to hire 7% disabled workers or face penalties
UK Bishops Assure Catholic MPs They Won’t be Denied Communion for Backing Same-Sex ‘Marriage’
UK Bolsters Gulf Ops With New HQ
UK Muslim Body Slams 'Jesus and Mo' Cartoons
UK Receives $11.3 Million for Cardiovascular Disease and Obesity Research
UK Shale Exploration Right Around the Corner? We TOTALly Think So
UK bishop: Denying Communion to anti-life/family politicians is ‘an act of mercy’
UK faces 'crippling' tax rises and spending cuts to fund pensions and healthcare
UK finally pardons computer pioneer Alan Turing
UK government: Muslim Brotherhood membership not proof of “extremism,” Brotherhood activists free to
UK holds cyberwar game in Churchill’s WWII bunker
UK parliament should have right to veto EU laws, MPs say
UK soldier killed in Afghanistan
UK spy agency intercepted webcam images of millions of Yahoo users
UK to Keep New Medicines from the Elderly?
UK to approve bulk F-35B buy in 2017
UK ‘Muslim Patrol’ members jailed for harassment
UK: Child Sex Slavery, Multiculturalism and Islam
UK: Schoolchildren visit mosque, learn to recite prayers in Arabic
UK: Teenage girl victim of grooming gang 'raped by 30 men in just six hours' (ROP alert)
UK: Top Labour Party MPs Lobbied to End 'Oppression' of Pedophiles, Lower Age of Consent to FOUR
UK:Herefordshire cannabis farmer who shot burglar cleared
UKIP Leader Accepts Clegg's Challenge for EU Membership Debate
UKIP leader Nigel Farage says he feels awkward when he doesn’t hear English on the train
UKRAINE APPRECIATION of FREEDOM: Proud to pay!
UKRAINE DONETSK UPDATE: 1 hour ago
UKRAINE Economic is most important news on today
UKRAINE IN THE KEY OF G - A political story told through music
UKRAINE PROGRESS REPORT: situation in Donetsk.
UKRAINE STATE SYMBOL IS BEING MADE VISIBLE FROM SPACE
UKRAINE STATUS UPDATE: bad and good news
UKRAINE UPDATE
UKRAINE UPDATE: HELP NEEDED! DOCTORS!
UKRAINE WITNESS: Odessa Musicians for Peace & Brotherhood (video)
UKRAINE YOUTH PATRIOTISM National Anthem of Ukraine (Rock version)
UKRAINE, Donetsk: Christians in prayer for Ukraine.
UKRAINE-WAS BARACK OBAMA ACCIDENTALLY RIGHT?
UKRAINE: Andrew Shchekun interview: it was hard to survive ...
UKRAINE: Liberty's Victory- in Pictures
UKRAINE: NATO suspends cooperation with Russia
UKRAINE: PATRIOT
UKRAINE: PRAYER EVENT for peace in Donetsk
UKRAINE: Pres Yanukovych associates in jail and give evidence
UKRAINE: Pro-Russian activists tried to get rid of the OSCE observation
UKRAINE: Russa's deadly and dangerous games
UKRAINE: Russian Roulette: The Invasion of Ukraine (Dispatch Twenty One)
UKRAINE: Russian military in civilian clothes
UKRAINE: Russian troops
UKRAINE: SABOTAGE- HAS ARRESTED RUSSIAN FEDERAL DE-STABILIZATION AGENTS IN KIEV
UKRAINE: WHAT WOULD REAGAN DO?
UKRAINE: self-defense
UKRAINE: very moving
UKRAINIAN MILITARY IN CRIMEA allowed to use weapons
ULUS-KERT: An Airborne Company's Last Stand
UM researchers make small — but promising — breakthrough in quest for AIDS vaccine
UMC : Church Stands With Gay Scout Leader
UMCP may be latest school to cover sex-change surgery
UMD Data Breach - Letter from President Loh
UMD student who nearly froze, cried when told about amputations [UPDATE]
UMD team’s snowmobile sweeps competition
UMass guard 1st gay D-I basketball player
UM… Obama admin announces they will let insurers GUESTIMATE how much govt owes for Obamacare…
UN Ambassador Samantha Power’s bizarre tweet on the Islamist beheading of Daniel Pearl
UN Backtracks: Will Global Warming Really Trigger Mass Extinctions?
UN Cancels Iran’s Invite to Syria Peace Talks
UN Chief: Communism Is the Environment’s Only Hope
UN Climate Chief Recommends Communism As The Best Way To Fight Global Warming
UN Committee Attacks Catholic Church, Pressures Vatican to Support Abortion
UN Group Compares Boycott of Israeli Academics to Nazi Practice
UN Human Rights Council: It's Time to Prosecute Kim Jong Un, et al
UN Iraq sees highest death toll in years
UN SECURITY COUNCIL: Speech by Mustafa Cemil which he terribly angered Russians
UN Science Report: Warming Worsens Security Woes,Global Instability(Is it April 1, Already?)
UN agency's choices to replace Richard Falk at Palestinian post accused of anti-Semitism
UN chief invites Iran to Geneva II
UN climate chief declares communism best for fighting global warming
UN climate chief: Communism is best to fight global warming
UN climate panel chair calls for 'enlightenment'
UN food program inflated amount of oversight ... North Korea
UN inspectors confirm Syria chemical attack
UN picks Sarasota as host for World Environment Day
UN report blasts Iran for persecution of Christians, other religious minorities
UN should keep spanking opinion to itself
UN slams Vatican over abuse — and contraception and abortion positions
UN to airlift aid from Iraq to Syria
UN's Richard Falk: Apologist for evil; critic of peace
UN: Afghanistan slow to enforce law on women
UN: More than 200 million jobless last year
UN: Myanmar Buddhists killed more than 40 Muslims
UNBELIEVABLE!… Obama: We’re Better Country Than One Where 14,000 Lose Health Insurance Each Day
UNC fake class scandal and NCAA's response wind their way to Washington
UNC specialist gets death threats after research one in 10 athletes have reading age of a 3rd Grader
UNESCO Cancels Jewish Exhibit Following Arab Pressure
UNESCO Confirms Exhibit Will Open in June
UNESCO Report Promotes Abortion and Same-Sex Narrative
UNFPA-Too Young To Wed
UNHCR Blasts Israel: They Are Refugees, Not Illegal Aliens
UNITED STATES V. MILLER: How the Second Amendment was Subverted
UNITED UKRAINE: Status of Bad & Good
UN’s Falk Accuses Israel of ‘Inhuman Acts’
UPDATE 1-EBRD offers Ukraine 5 bln euro package, sticks with Russia
UPDATE 1-Texas grid extends power conservation call as cold boosts usage, prices
UPDATE 1-U.S. Senate Democrats pulling all-nighter on climate change(Idiots on Parade:)
UPDATE 2-Russia warns Europe of gas supply cuts over Ukraine debt
UPDATE TO THE CIVITAS CONTROVERSY
UPDATE, CASUALTY COUNT BEGINS: So Far One Known Person Killed By Chris Christie In Bridge Vendetta
UPDATE- Houston Ship Channel Reopens to Barge Traffic After Spill
UPDATE: Armed Bundy family leaders meet with BLM officers
UPDATE: Bp. Jugis (Charlotte) endorses Sr. Jane Laurel and talk at High School
UPDATE: Do Not Use Water Order issued for WV counties after chemical leak
UPDATE: Florida Teen Expelled For Performing In Porn Allowed Back To School
UPDATE: Lawmaker issues apology about driving over ducks
UPDATE: Odessa Police Officer Arrested for Improper Sexual Activity with Person in Custody 3/14/14
UPDATE: PepsiCo Prez Behind Gabrielle Giffords’ Civilian Disarmament Lovefest
UPDATE: Woman compares assault to Knockout game, JC police need help with investigation
UPDATED: Happiness is overrated: It's better to be right, study finds [a Rush L. topic Dec 18th]
UPS Fires 250 Employees For Staging A 90-Minute Protest To Defend Co-Worker
UPS Fires 250 Employees For Staging A 90-Minute Protest To Defend Coworker
UPS delivers a boost to propane as vehicle fuel
UPS system overload delays Christmas Eve deliveries
UPS, FedEx snags delay Santa's sleigh
URENCO USA Announces it has reach 3 Million Separative Work Unite (SWU) Capacity
URGENT: Gun Control Coming to the Senate Floor on Monday
US & UK Create New State of Kidnapistan in Southern Syria
US Air Force Airbrushes Religious Liberty Again
US Air Force Has Secretly Built a New Stealth Drone(Shhh!)
US Air Force Space Surveillance Satellite Bumps NASA’s long awaited Orion Launch to Dec. 2014
US Air Force drug probe grows to 10 officers
US Army considers replacing thousands of troops with robots
US Army opens new Asymmetric Warfare Training Center ($96 Million fake city) [Video]
US Army rocked by Iraq war recruitment fraud scheme
US Army to Soldiers: Don't Say 'Christmas'
US Army's new grooming standards called racially biased
US Blocks Sexual Fidelity and Abstinence in Battle against AIDS
US CHAMBER OF COMMERCE PRES: PASS AMNESTY NOW BEFORE IT GETS TOUGHER
US Chamber of Commerce Vow to Take on Tea Party a Stupid, Divisive Move
US Church Official Seeks Bail; Conviction Quashed
US Citizen's Passport Revoked, Abandoned in Yemen
US Citizen? No Foreign Bank Account For You!
US Claims Kerry Didn't Blame Israel
US Coast Guard Ice breaker asked to assist Antarctic rescue
US Congress revisits military pension cuts amid outcry from veterans' groups
US Congressman to Submit Bitcoin Tax Bill
US Contractor Greystone Denies Its ‘Mercenaries’ in Ukraine
US Criticizes Russia's Gas Price Hike for Ukraine
US Dec. nonfarm payrolls total 74,000 vs. 200,000 est.; unemployment rate at 6.7% vs. 7% est.
US Deploys Small Military Team to Somalia
US Drawn Vs Ghana, Portugal, Germany at World Cup
US Economy Losing 'Up to a $1Billion a Week' After Jobless Benefits Cut (Guardian Barf Alert)
US Electricity System in Regulatory and Terrorist Crosshairs
US Embassy in Venezuela Halts New Visas
US Employers Added 192,000 Jobs in March; Unemployment Rate Unchanged at 6.7 Percent
US Falls to 46th in Global Press Freedom Rankings
US First Lady Praised for Style, Warmth in China
US Foreign Policy Hits New Lows After Israel Mocks John Kerry; Update - Israel Apologizes
US Government Announces it Will Sell $25m Worth of Silk Road Bitcoins
US Hints Shin Bet Misled Government Over 'Al Qaeda Plot'
US IMMIGRATION NEWS: US Government Relaxes Rules for Limited Terrorist Aid
US Internet ad revenue surpasses broadcast
US Investigators Think Missing Plane Might Have Been Stolen To Use Later For Another Purpose
US Judge Hears Challenge To Mich. Gay Marriage Ban
US LOST 2 MILLION WORKERS IN 2013
US Marines Rescue Taliban Sex Slaves
US Mercenaries and Right Sector Fighters Move Into Donetsk – Militia Leader
US Military Now To Allow Turbans, Other Religious Clothing
US National Reconnaissance Office Draws on Sinister Heritage for Logo
US Navy 'Game-Changer': Converting Seawater into Fuel
US Navy 'game-changer': converting seawater into fuel
US Navy Destroyer Heads to Black Sea for Pre-Planned Exercises
US Navy Explores Sub-Launched Hypersonic Missiles
US Navy SEALs On Power Grid Attack: ‘A Carbon Copy’ of How We Would Do It
US Navy funds two more vessels from Austal
US Navy's Next-Generation Aircraft Carrier Begins Testing Phase
US News & World Report publishes ridiculous anti-Catholic screed
US News: Catholics have taken over the Supreme Court, or something
US Officials Have 'Indication' Malaysia Airline Crashed into Indian Ocean
US Officials To Meet With Syrian Extremist Rebels, Including Al Qaeda Forces
US PAYROLLS BEAT EXPECTATIONS, UNEMPLOYMENT RATE RISES
US Pastor and Missionary Jailed in Philippines
US Postal Service Explores Adding Bitcoin Exchanges
US Q4 GDP Revised Down To 2.4% From 3.2% On Lower Consumer Spending
US Recognizes Michigan Same-Sex Couple Marriages
US Regulators Warned of Problems on Boeing 777s
US Rep. Mike Rogers Of Michigan Won’t Seek Re-Election
US Rep. Nick Rahall(D-WV): I supported Bush more than Obama (More Dem Panic)
US Rep. Rob Andrews of NJ resigning after 23 years
US Response to Israeli Seizure of Iranian Weapons Shipment - Full Speed Ahead on Negotiations
US Retailer Hell In One Chart
US Sen. Durbin lauds federal manufacturing grants
US Sen. Markey to unveil gun control legislation
US Senate Blocks Cop-Killer Apologist From DOJ Post… Reid Cries Racism!
US Senate Candidate Alleges Email Hacking, Delegate Cheating In Contentious GOP Primary
US Senate Candidate Ken Cope Says Sen John Cornyn Has Become Disconnected From The People Of Texas
US Senate Classes, a short and interesting history
US Senator Makes Stop at Estacado High School (Cornyn)
US Spy Sat and SpaceX Set for Double Barreled Blastoffs After Critical Cape Canaveral Radar Revitali
US State Dept: Without Keystone, Oil Trains May Cause 6 Deaths Per Year
US Students Spiral Downward While Political Correctness Climbs Upward
US Supreme Court reviews gun law for domestic violence offenders (Lautenberg Amendment)
US Supreme Court set to review case of German homeschooling family that Obama admin wants deported
US Taxpayer "Bailed Out" BNP Paribas Probed By DoJ & Fed On Sudan, Iran, Libya Deals
US Tells Venezuela to Resolve Newspaper shortages
US Threatens Russia Over Petrodollar-Busting Deal
US To Tap Strategic Petroleum Reserve
US Treasury Adds Digital Currency Representative to Advisory Group
US Unemployment Aid Applications Surge to 368,000
US Women's Curling Team (Sochi Olympics) "What does a skip say?"
US aid for Afghanistan cut deeply by Congress
US ambassador to India Nancy Powell resigns
US and China discuss North Korea contingency plan
US and Israel Worked Together to Track, Raid Iranian Weapon Ship, White House reveals its role in
US and Russia ‘Closer’ to Resolving Ukraine Crisis
US and Russian envoys trade jibes over Pussy Riot
US and UK in a fiddle over tax havens: Populist measures against them smack of hypocrisy
US announces six drone test sites
US anti-tank missile Javelin in face-off with Israel's Spike
US appeals court upholds new Texas abortion rules
US archdiocese offers clergy abuse victims $4M
US army builds fake city to shoot at during training
US assistant secretary of state Nuland visiting Bulgaria amid mixed signals in Sofia on Russia
US assistant secretary of state visits Kiev Independence Square
US authorities find body of missing Australian soldier Paul McKay
US bacon prices rise after virus kills baby pigs
US banks cleared to take legal marijuana money (thanks Soros)
US bishops’ book on immigration urges compassion
US calls on Europe to wean itself from Russian gas
US churches offer direct support to immigrants
US cites security more to censor, deny records
US college professor demands imprisonment for climate-change deniers
US condemns ‘senseless violence’ in Venezuela
US considered 'unilateral' action to stop Iranian ship -'still appropriate' to pursue nuclear deal
US consumer prices tick up just 0.1 percent last month despite big gain in energy costs
US could free Pollard to rescue Israeli-Palestinian peace talks
US courts asked to recognize chimps as people
US deal will trade off 'Jewish' Israel for 1967 lines -- report
US deal will trade off ‘Jewish’ Israel for 1967 lines — report
US deficit to drop to $514B, lowest of Obama years
US delivers Hellfire missiles, ammunition to Iraq (???)
US deploys fighter jets to Poland, Lithuania (a massive force of 12 F-16s!!!)
US diggers identify tomb of Pharoah Sobekhotep I
US diplomats ask Senate to reject Norway nominee
US dominates list for foreign real estate investors
US economy expanded in fourth quarter; jobless claims tumble
US economy may be stuck in slow lane for long run (the new 'norm' - Obama 'Mission' Accomplished)
US embassy in Kabul attacked on Christmas Day
US embassy in London unveils huge tapestry of Obama, gushes over his 'warm smile'
US embassy in London unveils huge tapestry of Obama, gushes over his ‘warm smile’ [pics]
US embassy urges its citizens' caution on Egypt's revolution anniversary (Threats by MB)
US employers add 175K jobs despite harsh weather
US energy boom demands $641B in infrastructure, study finds
US energy boom helps grease manufacturing's spinning wheels
US envoy in Sudan forced to resign after accepting Islam (should this surprise us?)
US film historians find treasure in Czech archive
US flag is being flown at half staff at the White House (vanity)
US gas exports will grow but won’t change markets, CEO says
US gasoline prices reach six-month high as ethanol climbs
US homebuilder confidence dips in January
US icebreaker to rescue 2 ships in Antarctica
US increases security funding to Moldova as tensions rise
US intel: More indications than ever Russia could invade Ukraine
US irate with Israeli defense minister comments
US issues travel warning on Israel, West Bank, Gaza
US jobless claims dip in latest week, stoking labor market hopes
US judge rejects Vegas 'patient dumping' lawsuit
US looks at ways to prevent spying on NSA spying
US makes Bitcoin exchange arrests
US marijuana policy edges toward acceptance
US military deaths in Afghanistan skyrocket under Obama
US military obtains new video of American soldier being held in captivity
US military proposal would keep 10,000 troops in Afghanistan after 2014
US military relaxes uniform rules for religious items
US military's RAY-GUN truck BLASTS DRONES, mortars OUT OF THE SKY
US moves on several fronts to counter Russia, Obama decries proposed Crimea split
US moves to isolate Russia from 'community of civilized nations'
US mulls Malaysia request for undersea surveillance in search for MH370
US names seven Russians in asset freeze [gay rights push?]
US net imports down, exports soar; just another day at the office
US now pumping 10 percent of the world’s crude
US nun, 84, jailed for nuke protest
US official: It’s possible Iran might have small, discreet enrichment program
US officials say Iran can play helpful role on Syria
US oil boom’s end in sight, feds say
US oil output at highest level since 1989 (above 8 million barrels@day)
US pastor gives 'one-minute sermon' to catch 49ers football game
US planning full Afghan pullout, Obama tells Karzai
US police deploy 3D scanner to capture accidents and crime scenes (video)
US prepares $1B aid package for troubled Ukraine
US prepares to pay Netanyahu back for Iran campaign, using Palestinian issue as bludgeon
US presses Japan to hand back 300 kg of plutonium
US private-sector job growth slows: ADP
US ranks low in first-ever global index of LGBT inclusion in armed forces
US reaches $5.15 billion environmental settlement
US ready to return to moon
US researchers developing laser more powerful than all of Earth's power stations combined
US researchers share plans for low-cost metal 3D printer
US run by Nazi space aliens, Iran claims
US scientists deplore ‘innovation deficit’
US secretly backs rebels to fight al Qaeda in Syria
US secretly backs rebels to fight al-Qaeda in Syria
US seeking buyers for old military equipment
US seizing tax refunds of children over parents' debt?!
US senator: US supports Egypt in its war against terrorism (Cairo, Egypt)
US sending extra combat unit to South Korea
US sending more troops and aircraft to hunt Ugandan war lord Kony
US sends missiles and drones to Iraq to fight al-Qaeda
US severely exposed if rates rise: Erskine Bowles
US ships 300,000 MREs to Ukraine military [That'll show Putin..........]
US should 'keep control of net' says Clinton
US slams reported Israeli criticism of Kerry plan as 'offensive'
US stocks mostly rise, but Dow industrials dip after earnings
US stocks rally as Federal Reserve minutes calm rate worries
US stocks sink; Dow dives 225 points on emerging-market concerns
US stocks slammed; Dow falls 300-plus points in worst week since 2011
US stocks tally steep losses on global growth concerns
US suspect possibly targeted for drone attack
US suspends 34 nuclear missile officers for cheating on exams
US teens more stressed than adults
US to Start Training Libyan Soldiers at Midyear
US to achieve energy self-sufficiency by 2020: Exxon Mobil CEO
US to allow eagle deaths _ to aid wind power
US to bolster military support to Poland, Baltic
US to boycott G8 Summit in Sochi unless Russia reverses course on Ukraine
US to get approximately $17.2T debt limit Friday
US to release Pollard in exchange for 'talks' continuing (hostage negotiations)
US to soon allow spouse of H-1B visa holder to work in America
US transfer of Internet control years in the making, fueled by foreign pressure
US troop withdrawals spark German job losses
US upgrading naval power in Japan, with eye on China
US v China: is this the new cold war?
US wants to combat anti-homosexuality movement worldwide
US wants to destroy Ukrainian ‘bridge’ between EU and Russia – German intellectuals support Putin
US war veteran 'deported by North Korea' (Merrill Newman)
US warns Russia against gas hikes to hurt Ukraine
US weather: all 50 states fall below freezing
US, Allies Kick Russia Out of G-8
US, Canada Should Merge Into One Country
US, Canadian boat owners left in limbo after armed raid on marinas by Mexico tax officials
US, Dutch try to deposit billions in fake bonds in Vatican bank
US, Germany Threaten IDF Not to Move Academies to Mt. Scopus (in Jerusalem)
US, Russia fail to reach deal on Ukraine after crisis talks
US, Russian forces hunt jihadist widow feared inside Olympic zone
US, Turkey realize al-Qaeda threat in Syria – a bit late
US-Brokered Deal ‘Just the First Stage’ in Israel’s Demise (says Fatah minister)
US-China Rivalry More Dangerous Than Cold War?
US: Defense Contractor Tried to Smuggle F-35 Blueprints to Iran
US: Release Ex-Lawyer Convicted in Terror Case [How about "no"?]
US: Standards for Immigration Reform. What does it mean?
US: We were ready to act against Iranian arms shipment but Israel volunteered
USA Hockey Accidentally Tells 67-Year-Old Canadian He Made Olympic Team in Text Message
USA Today 'humorist' calls Phil Robertson a 'cracker', attacks Sarah Palin
USA Today to Obama admin: leave Little Sisters alone
USA to host Mexico in World Cup warm-up
USA to move Ukraine friendly to Cyprus
USA vs South Korea – February 1, 2014
USA-NHL Stars Choose Olympic Village Over Posh Lodgings
USA: Land of bread and circuses
USA: The Next Detroit
USAF Band Flash Mob at Air and Space Museum
USAF Dexterity Test
USC Archeology Students Help Dig Up Remains Of Famed Horse
USC's Black Student Assembly holds Candlelight Vigil for Trayvon Martin and Jordan Davis
USCCB releases resource guide on Girl Scouts for Catholic parishes
USCCB responds to ACLU lawsuit
USDA Considering New Zoo Regs at Request of PETA
USDA to Grandparents: Read Government Bedtime Stories to Encourage Healthy Eating
USDA: On second thought, some of those school-lunch restrictions weren’t such a good idea
USF Bows To Court Ruling, Lifts Ban On Guns In Cars
USGS Warns Residents Of Bogus Earthquake Alert Letter
USGS: 4.5 Magnitude Earthquake Rocks Central Oklahoma
USMC Best Joke of the Year
USMC V22 Osprey conducted deck trials onboard French Navy's Mistral Class LHD Dixmude
USPS Mail Truck Catches Fire On 57 Freeway
USS George H.W. Bush (CVN 77) News!
USS Monitor preservation threatened due to lack of Federal funds.
USS Somerset Commissioning Ceremony
USS Taylor being inspected after running aground off Turkey
USSR: Moscow 1986 Grocery Store
USTR Report: Chinese Government Creates Friction for Global Trade
UStream Live Feed From Donetsk Protest
UT Dallas-led team makes powerful muscles from fishing line and sewing thread
UT-Knoxville’s Newest Student Anti-Israel Hate Group
UT: Legislature says: Open Carry is not Disorderly Conduct
UT:Second Amendment Supporter Finally Prevails in Legal Fight Over Protective Order
UVA's 'Crystal Ball': Jeb Bush Top GOP 2016 Presidential Contender
UVU develops innovative nuclear technology (Thorium LFTR)
UVa student sues state, ABC agents for $40 million
Uber-overreach! Mandatory state pre-marriage education classes on the horizon
Ubuntu Touch OS wins its first smartphone partner
Udall's son charged with burglary, car break-ins
Udall’s office pushed back hard on number of health care cancellations
Uganda President: Homosexuals Are 'Disgusting' ["Unnatural" And "Not A Human Right"]
Uganda Supports President Museveni on Anti-Gay Legislation
Uganda Vows to Defend 'Morals' with Anti-gay Law
Uganda passes tough new anti-homosexuality bill
Uganda police detain U.S.-funded health project staffer over gay law
Uganda punished over anti-gay law
Ugandan MPs Rush Through Draconian Laws Against Homosexuality [Why "Draconian"?]
Ugandan MPs pass bill punishing homosexuality with life in prison
Ugandan President Museveni says he plans to sign 'anti-gay' law after all
Ugandan President Says He Will Sign Tough Antigay Measure
Ugandan government shrugs off aid cuts over anti-gay law
Ugandan president leads rally backing new anti-gay laws
Ugandan president signs anti-gay bill, defying the West
Uganda’s president to sign anti-gay bill Monday
Ugly Climate Models - The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change can't explain the last 15 years.
Ugo Beretta: Maryland Disrespects Us And Gun Owners
Uh oh, Wendy Davis’ life story not what it seems
Uh oh: 60% of Intel employees who donated in Prop 8 debate supported banning gay marriage
Uh oh: House Democrats ready to blow up Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran?
Uh oh: Rumsfeld says ‘a trained ape’ could outperform Obama in Afghanistan Dan Calabrese
Uh-oh: GOP candidates still showering money on incompetent beltway consultants
Uighur leader: “We have plans for many attacks in China”
Ukip will not oppose gay marriage, Farage reveals as he calls for French-style separate services
Ukraine 1 March 2014
Ukraine 2 March 2014
Ukraine Acting President Says Russia Has Invaded Ukraine, As 2000 Russian Troops, Military Jets
Ukraine And Venezuela: This Ain't No Velvet Revolution (TRUTH)
Ukraine Appoints New(est) Acting Defense Minister
Ukraine Asks Obama for Military Assistance – Instead He Offers Food Rations
Ukraine Background: Conspiracies or Puppets [Vanity]
Ukraine Battles to Rebuild a Depleted Military
Ukraine Behind the Headlines: Disinformation, Manipulation, Propaganda
Ukraine Braces for War With Russia
Ukraine Chronological YouTube videos
Ukraine Claims 100,000 Russian Troops Near Border
Ukraine Closes Border with Crimea
Ukraine Crisis Live: Russia Admits its Troops Are Moving in Crimea
Ukraine Crisis: NATO Chief Rasmussen Says No Russian Troop Withdrawal Seen
Ukraine Crisis: Obama Urges Putin To Pull Troops Back [Please, I Beg You Sir….]
Ukraine Crisis: Russia Brands New Leaders "Mutineers" (We All Knew This Was Coming Alert)
Ukraine Crisis: Russia Deploys Ships and Troops in Crimea
Ukraine Crisis: SBU Arrests 'Russian Female Spy' who Updated Social Media Followers..
Ukraine Crisis:Great Opportunity For "Jimmy Kimmel On The Street Questions"In Los Angeles.
Ukraine Defense Minister Won't Take Phone Call from Defense Sec Hagel
Ukraine Delivers Main Battle Tanks to Thailand
Ukraine Deputy PM Says Kyiv Will Sign EU Deal 'Soon'
Ukraine Descending into ‘Gestapo Times,’ Russian Politician Says
Ukraine Descends Into Low-Level Civil War, Tanks Seen Moving Through Kiev Metro (photos/video)
Ukraine Facing Civil War: Lviv Declares Independence from Yanukovich Rule
Ukraine Finds Its Forces Are Ill Equipped to Take Crimea Back From Russia
Ukraine Gun Owners Association Demands Their Own Second Amendment
Ukraine Has Only 4 Months Of Gas Stocks Without Russia
Ukraine Illustrates Hard Truths Liberals Won’t Face
Ukraine Imperils Obama’s Foreign-Policy Legacy [Blood on Lurch's hands]
Ukraine Isn’t a “Prize,” And No One Is “Winning” Anything
Ukraine Leader In New Leaked Recording
Ukraine Leader In New Leaked Recording: 8 Million Russians In Ukraine "Must Be Killed With Nuclear
Ukraine Leader Offers Concessions to Protesters
Ukraine Live: Prime Minister of Ukraine Says Russian Military Intervention Would Lead To War
Ukraine Mamchur Colonel received award for honor and courage.
Ukraine Moves to Disarm Paramilitary Groups
Ukraine Names Baptist Pastor as Acting President
Ukraine Nazis: Is America Backing EuroMaidan Extremists?
Ukraine Official: Russia Has Launched 'Armed Invasion' In Crimea {Where's Reset Button?]
Ukraine PM resigns: Government
Ukraine Parliament Impeaches Yanukovich Who Fled Kiev in 'Coup';
Ukraine Parliament Moves Swiftly to Dismantle President’s Government
Ukraine Police Back Off After Failing to Stop Protest
Ukraine President Yanukovich declares protests a coup after fleeing capital
Ukraine President Yanukovych office seized by protesters
Ukraine President Yanukovych sacks army chief amid crisis
Ukraine Priests in Frontlines, Ministering to People Amid Violence
Ukraine Puts Military on Full Alert After Russian Intervention Threat
Ukraine Puts Mothballed Mig-29 Fighter Jets Back in Service
Ukraine Puts Troops on High Alert, Threatening War
Ukraine Rebukes West for Criticism of Anti-protest Law
Ukraine Rejects Gas Price Rise Set By Russia
Ukraine Says 80,000 Russian Soldiers And 270 Tanks Are Threatening A 'Full-Scale Invasion'
Ukraine Says It Has Repelled A Russian Army "Invasion"
Ukraine Says Russian Troops Take Over Airports in Crimea
Ukraine Sets Deadline for Militias to Surrender Illegal Guns
Ukraine Shocks Population With Staggered 100% Heating Price Increase While Restricting Cash Use
Ukraine Synagogue Firebombed Amid Protests
Ukraine Wants Action, But U.S. Sends Hashtags Instead Details
Ukraine Warns Of 'Full Scale' Invasion As Russia Moves Its Artillery Close To The Borders
Ukraine accuses Russia of fomenting violence in east
Ukraine accuses Russia of orchestrating separatist moves
Ukraine and Our Useless Outrage
Ukraine and the Return of the KGB
Ukraine announces troop withdrawals from Crimea in bow to Russian annexation
Ukraine appeals to West as Crimea turns to Russia
Ukraine authorities say separatists holding 60 hostages in Luhansk building
Ukraine bond rally rewards audacious big-name investors
Ukraine chief rabbi accuses Russians of staging anti-Semitic ‘provocations’
Ukraine criminalizes pro-EU protests
Ukraine crisis and Olympics boost Vladimir Putin's popularity in Russia
Ukraine crisis could unite US, EU: Schäuble (Germany’s foreign minister)
Ukraine crisis tests Obama’s foreign policy focus on diplomacy over military force
Ukraine crisis: Angry Angela Merkel questions whether Putin is 'in touch with reality'
Ukraine crisis: CCTV shows Crimea parliament explosion [video]
Ukraine crisis: Chinese president Xi Jinping urges US to show restraint
Ukraine crisis: Crimea leader appeals to Putin for help
Ukraine crisis: Crimea parliament asks to join Russia
Ukraine crisis: Harper recalls ambassador, tells Putin to withdraw
Ukraine crisis: Is Russia ready to move into eastern Ukraine?
Ukraine crisis: Lenin statues toppled in protest
Ukraine crisis: NATO military chief warns Russian troops could invade swiftly
Ukraine crisis: Nato warns Russia against further intervention
Ukraine crisis: No talk of split in eastern city of Kharkiv
Ukraine crisis: Opposition asserts authority in Kiev
Ukraine crisis: Poland 'safe' says president
Ukraine crisis: Poland asks Nato to station 10,000 troops on its territory
Ukraine crisis: Police storm main Kiev 'Maidan' protest camp
Ukraine crisis: Pro-Russia troops fire warning shots in Ukraine
Ukraine crisis: Putin 'orders partial withdrawal'
Ukraine crisis: Russia warns West over Crimea sanctions
Ukraine crisis: US sends F-16 fighter jets to Poland
Ukraine crisis: US warns Russia not to annex Crimea (Or no Christmas cards or something....)
Ukraine crisis: US, Russia agree on need for diplomatic solution
Ukraine deal promises early elections to end conflict. Still tentative as both sides seek support
Ukraine defense minister ignores repeated phone calls from Chuck Hagel
Ukraine detains 12 police accused of shooting at protesters
Ukraine facing replay of Moscow '93
Ukraine far-right leader Muzychko dies 'in police raid'
Ukraine fears Russia 'ready to attack'
Ukraine has revealed the new world of western impotence
Ukraine in Maps
Ukraine in the Balance: Crimea’s Illegitimate Vote
Ukraine issues arrest warrant for missing leader
Ukraine leader Turchynov warns of far-right threat
Ukraine live: Putin says 'threat of ultranationalists' forced him to intervene - treason by admiral
Ukraine looks for $2bn loan from Russia
Ukraine mobilises its forces for war
Ukraine mobilizes after Putin's 'declaration of war'
Ukraine nationalist leader urges top terrorist Umarov 'to act against Russia'
Ukraine navy base in Sevastopol, Crimea stormed by pro-Russia self-defense forces
Ukraine no longer news!
Ukraine officer 'killed in attack on Crimea base'
Ukraine officials warn they will use force to clear government buildings
Ukraine on the Brink Russian forces mass near Ukraine’s western border
Ukraine opts for Russian bailout instead of EU treaty
Ukraine orders disarming of armed groups after shooting
Ukraine parliament names acting president, seeks government
Ukraine party accused of anti-Semitism receives top positions in new government
Ukraine pleads for U.S., U.K. help after Russian 'invasion'
Ukraine president gives Crimea leaders three hours to release navy chief
Ukraine proposed a Confederation Plan for Russia
Ukraine protesters call on Jewish oligarchs to give president ‘a gun’
Ukraine protesters fell Lenin statue in challenge to Yanukovich
Ukraine protesters take Kiev (Yulia Tymoshenko released from prison, headed to protest camp)
Ukraine protests after Yanukovych EU deal rejection [ Cites Reasons; from Nov 2013]
Ukraine quits CIS, sets visa regime with Russia, wants Crimea as 'demilitarized zone'
Ukraine sacks defence minister over Crimea
Ukraine security chief: Ukraine plans military exercise with United States and Britain.
Ukraine sets European course after ouster of Yanukovich
Ukraine standoff intensifies, Russia says sanctions will 'boomerang'
Ukraine stands on the brink – and Europe must bring it back
Ukraine to Lay Claim for Soviet Heritage
Ukraine to hike domestic gas prices by 50%
Ukraine to introduce visa regime with Russia
Ukraine to sign political aspects of EU pact on Friday
Ukraine unrest will be resolved by force or talks in 48 hours, minister says (Ukrainian)
Ukraine unrest: At least 21 protesters dead in clashes
Ukraine unrest: Protesters storm regional offices
Ukraine vs. Russia -- here's what's really going on
Ukraine warns EU that transit of Russian gas via Ukraine territory may stop
Ukraine warns [Eastern Rite Catholic] Church over prayer services for protesters
Ukraine's Darth Vader bids to lead nation to the dark side
Ukraine's Military Mobilizes, Prepares For Combat: Trucks, APCs, SAMs, Howitzers, Tanks Rolling Out
Ukraine's Phantom Neo-Nazi Menace
Ukraine's Vitali Klitschko pulls out of presidential race
Ukraine's Yanukovich says still president: Russian news agencies
Ukraine's government will not listen----Pretty much the manifesto of the Ukrainian protest movement
Ukraine's interim president says government working to block Crimea referendum
Ukraine's outdated and underfunded military no match for Russia
Ukraine's spy dolphins switch allegiance to Russia
Ukraine, Changed Forever on Live TV - journalist exposes complicity of media in cover up
Ukraine, Ethnic Division, Decentralization, and Secession
Ukraine, Syria, Iran -- America isn't leading from behind, it's being left behind
Ukraine-Desperation to Save the U.S. Dollar-Dr. Jim Willie
Ukraine-Related Designations (new Obama Sanctions List Released)
Ukraine: Activists Detained and Beaten, One Tortured
Ukraine: Anti-Maidan protesters in Kharkov detain ‘US mercenary’ [video]
Ukraine: Barack Obama and the West are weakened by a fatal narcissism
Ukraine: Can Someone Explain…
Ukraine: Deadly clashes around parliament in Kiev
Ukraine: Globalists Hijack Crisis for More Money, Power for IMF
Ukraine: Neo-Fascist Leader Yarosh Vows To Destroy Russia's Gas Pipelines To Stop 'World War III'
Ukraine: New Interim Government; Too Many Familiar Faces
Ukraine: Protesters Capture Police as Deadly Clashes Persist; Athletes Quit Olympics in Support
Ukraine: Putin signs Crimea annexation
Ukraine: Russia Delivers 'Assault Storm' Deadline
Ukraine: Russia's Weakness, Not Obama's (Here comes the spin)
Ukraine: Russian Flag Raised In Donetsk, Odessa, Kharkov
Ukraine: The Consequences Go Beyond What We See in the News
Ukraine: The D.C. battle that wasn’t [Media Trying to stop criticism of Obama]
Ukraine: The Haze of Propaganda
Ukraine: The Mother of God Destroyed the Soviet Empire.
Ukraine: The New Dictatorship
Ukraine: The military balance of power
Ukraine: Violent clashes in Kharkiv leave dozens injured (Eastern Ukraine Seceding)
Ukraine: Who's doing the sniping?
Ukraine: Why didn’t the U.S. know sooner?
Ukraine: You Better Pay Attention - It’s Eventually Going to Play Out in North America.
Ukraine: You Better Pay Attention...
Ukraine: far-right extremists at core of 'democracy' protest (Neo-Nazis)
Ukraine: ‘Right Sector’ take fight to Kiev police
Ukraine’s Biggest Problem Isn’t Putin, It’s Putinonomics
Ukraine’s Jews Dismiss Claims of Anti-Semitism
Ukraine’s Leader Flees Palace as Protesters Widen Control
Ukraine’s Revolutionary Lesson for Russia
Ukraine’s Ultranationalists Show Surprising Strength at Polls (Nov 8, 2012)
Ukraine’s central bank demands registration of Bitcoin businesses
Ukraine’s enduring Holodomor horror, when millions starved in the 1930s
Ukraine’s parliament just threw President Yanukovych under the bus. That’s great news.
Ukrainian (Catholic) Church an example of 'synodality' for Pope
Ukrainian Airforce Base Seized by Russian Soldiers
Ukrainian Catholics experiencing 'total persecution' in Crimea
Ukrainian Catholics fear 'new oppression' after Russian takeover
Ukrainian Citizens Demand Their Own Second Amendment in Constitution
Ukrainian Crisis May Split Russian Orthodox Church
Ukrainian Government Refuses To Remove Troops From Crimea, Prepares For War
Ukrainian Greek Catholic priest abducted in Crimea
Ukrainian Jews worry that rise of Svoboda party will bring anti-Semitism back into vogue
Ukrainian Leader Declares Crimea Referendum an Illegal Farce
Ukrainian Major Archbishop appeals for solidarity and warns the danger of civil war is not over
Ukrainian Navy’s commander detained in Sevastopol - prosecutor’s office
Ukrainian Neo-Nazis Declare that Power Comes Out of the Barrels of their Guns
Ukrainian Protesters Tear Down Statues of Socialist Leader Lenin & Smash Them to Bits
Ukrainian Spring, Part Two: War Crimes, Being Shot, Nuclear Weapons
Ukrainian archbishop sees lingering threat of war, but signs of hope
Ukrainian crisis not to affect Finland-Russia relations - Finnish President
Ukrainian evangelicals issue call for national prayer & reconciliation in wake of violence.
Ukrainian government refuses to remove troops from Crimea, prepares for war
Ukrainian group seeks Molotov cocktail trademark
Ukrainian leader dismisses armed forces chief of staff
Ukrainian military abandoning bases in Crimea after being warned they are now “enemy combatants”
Ukrainian nationalists force head of main state TV channel to resign (beaten by Svoboda Mob)
Ukrainian nationalists threaten to storm parliament after's leader killing
Ukrainian parliament approves new charter, amnesty
Ukrainian radical ultranationalists [video from BBC News]
Ukrainian riot police charge protesters after nation's bloodiest day, death toll rises to 18
Ukrainian riot police withdraw after overnight move on demonstrators
Ukrainian sailors almost escaped from the Russian blockade
Ukrainian sailors call out Putin’s lies
Ukrainian ship captured by Russian forces
Ukrainian troops dispatched in Crimea switch to region’s side – sources (Defects to pro-Russians)
Ukrainians "Won't Give Up Without a Fight" as Ivan Surrounds Marine Base at Feodosia
Ukrainians Want to Arm Themselves to the Teeth
Ukrainians and Russians clash March 13th on the streets of Donetsk [video]
Ukrainians hope their nation has a new beginning
Ukrainians, and Americans, are the Children of History
Ulf Ekman Converts to Roman Catholicism
Ultimate Descent: Paragliding From Everest's Peak, Then Kayaking to Indian Ocean
Ultra-Orthodox Wedding Grandpa Beaten After Brooklyn Reception — Was It 'Knockout'?
Ultra-narrow health care networks could be next big Obamacare controversy
Ultraliberal 'Die Quickly' Rep. Alan Grayson Loses Millions to Stock Scammers
Umm, FNC, you might have wanted to include a comma here after “bangs”…
Un-American, Corrupt, and Compromised Politicians Running Rampant in Illinois
Un-REAL: NC Mayor Cancels Memorial for Fallen Cop, Attends Funeral of Thug Who Killed Him
Unable to guarantee medical care, the Quebec government turns to euthanasia
Unaccountable Hillary Clinton
Unaffordable Care Act: Woman’s Premium Leaps from $53 to $373 Under Obamacare
Unarmed Man Goes On Shooting Rampage
Unarmed Man Is Charged With Wounding Bystanders Shot by Police Near Times Square
Unarmed citizens in Ukraine taking sniper fire from their own government (Video)
Unarmed student shot dead by cop after asking, ‘Oh, you’re going to shoot me?’
Unbeatable 2016 Ticket: Clinton/Christie [Vanity]
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable: Common Core Problem Asks Kids to Choose Two Amendments to Remove From Bill of Rights
Unbelievable: Cop who wrongly killed teen had history of blunders, was fired from last job as cop
Unbelievably lenient sentence for cop who fingered suspects’ ....
Unborn Babies Feel Anger and Joy, Says Heidelberg Study
Unbowed Dutch populist defends 'fewer Moroccans' vow [Geert Wilders]
Unclassified Documents Reveal Sinister Plan between Republican Party and Muslim Brotherhood
Uncle of NJ Carjacking Victim: 'I Want Them to Die' (Short Hills, New Jersey, Dec. 15, 2013)
Unconditionally Loving a Human “Non-Person”
Unconfirmed report says Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 black box has been found
Unconstitutional: Judge rules against Oklahoma’s ban on same-sex marriages
Under "Democracy," Iraqi Christians Face Potential Extinction
Under Armour stands by Duck Dynasty
Under Armour to stick with 'Duck Dynasty' franchise amid media uproar
Under Leadership of Obama's DOJ Nominee, Race Used to Voluntarily Defend Cop Killer
Under My Thumb lyrics as sung by Mick Jagger
Under Obama, Air Force One cost per hour jumps 27% to $228,288
Under Obama, TSA harasses children, elderly, and disabled, but gives Muslim Brotherhood a pass
Under Obama, Youth Misery Index Hits All-Time High (Increased 18.1% Under BHO)
Under Obama: 70% of government now involves writing checks to individuals
Under Obama: Are WE Austria-Hungary?
Under Seattle, a Big Object Blocks Bertha. What Is It?
Under attack: Depth of federal arms race should surprise, shock citizenry
Under investigation, American Title CEO dead in grisly suicide
Underdog Bevin Keeps Fighting
Underdog GOP candidate Rob Maness says he wants GOP Senate Leader Mitch McConnell replaced
Underlying Hobby Lobby: HHS sees partial persons with partial rights.
Understanding How Graphene can become Superconducting
Understanding Pope Francis
Understanding The Stress Response: It Can Buy You Valuable Seconds
Understanding the Benghazi/Chappaquiddick connection
Underwhelmed: Grading the New Tax Reform Plan
Undocumented Lawyer Says He Would Consider Running For Governor Of California
Undocumented immigrants start testing for Illinois driver's licenses
Undocumented students work to pass financial aid act
Unemployed female veteran hits out at Macy's after sales boss said her 'mindset' wasn't right for a
Unemployment - PA Government Charlie Foxtrot (Vanity)
Unemployment Benefits Extension Fails in Senate
Unemployment Benefits Run Out for 1.3 Million Jobless
Unemployment Benefits talks stall after Reid locks out Republican changes
Unemployment Checks Forever: Politicians Pandering to Parasites
Unemployment Extension Vote Not Worrying House Republicans
Unemployment Insurance: Get off that couch
Unemployment Rate May Be Lower For Illegal Immigrants in US Than Nation's Black Citizens
Unemployment rate up for men and college grads
Unequal Wipeouts
Unfortunately, Dinesh D’Souza Gets Israel Wrong in Acclaimed Debate with Bill Ayers
Unfortunately, Nelson Mandela Signed Law Legalizing Unlimited Abortions
Unfunded costs choking budgets in Massachusetts
Unhappy Kwanzaa - the media are still falling for that fake holiday created by a felon
Uninstall Firefox
Uninsured Skeptical of Health Care Law in Poll [53% of uninsured disapprove of Obamacare]
Uninsured driver causes wreck is allowed to drive off
Uninsured rate hits lowest level since '08
Uninsured: Obamacare is Unaffordable
Unintended consequence of Colorado's new marijuana laws: you can't buy a gun.
Union 'Thugs' Indicted For Burning Down Quaker Meetinghouse That Employed Non Union Workers
Union Advocate Strikes
Union Aggressive With Dues Collection Information; Silent On How To Opt Out
Union Bullies Workers Exercising Their Rights
Union Defends Publishing Names of “Opt-Outs”
Union Derides Common Core
Union Fighting For $10K Severance For Teacher Who Pleaded Guilty to Molesting a Student
Union Goon-Squad "THUGs" Own Pennsylvania (Literally)
Union Intimidation List Back Up
Union Members Indicted for Burning Down Quaker Church
Union Official Blames NY 'SAFE Act' Gun Control for Remington's Alabama Expansion
Union Report Criticizes ObamaCare
Union Says Right-to-Work Laws = Slavery
Union Suffers Big Loss at Tennessee VW Plant
Union Teacher Contract Has Illegal Racial Preferences Provision
Union Testimony: Lower K-12 Spending State Does Better Than Michigan
Union Thugs Bully CHILDREN In Wisconsin!
Union Touts Liability Insurance As Perk; Costs $4.35 A Year Per Member
Union Vote In Chattanooga Shows Danger Of Card Check
Union Website Warns About Bullying, But Members Who Opted Out Report Being Bullied
Union official blames Remington Arms expansion in Alabama on NY Safe Act
Union rep join federal government safety inspectors on site visits to non-union businesses
Union threatens retribution for House Dems opposing Keystone
Union-backed group turning America’s West blue
Union: Obamacare will slash wages by up to $5 an hour
Union: Obamacare will slash wages by up to $5 an hour [Hypocrisy from Unite Here]
Unions Exempt Themselves from Union-Backed Minimum Wage Law
Unions Get Big ObamaCare Christmas Present As Other Self-Insured Groups
Unions Get Big ObamaCare Christmas Present As Other Self-Insured Groups Get Scrooged
Unions Give $765k to GOP 'Main Street' PAC (86% of their total!)
Unions Paid MSNBC's Schultz $177,000 in 2012, $75,000 in 2013
Unions Request a "Do-Over" in Failed Chattanooga Union Vote
Unions Says 8,000 Haven't Paid Dues; Some Teachers Say Union Intentionally Misled Members
Unions Try To Destroy College Football
Unions to Spend $300 Million to Unseat Scott Walker, Other Governors
Unions, Left-Leaning Groups Dominate List of Largest Political Donors
Unions: 'Will that Be Cash, Credit or Corruption?'
United Airlines Plane Hits Violent Turbulence, Leaves 1 in Critical Condition
United Auto Workers Find Death in Tennessee
United Auto Workers Union Stunned by Devastating Defeat in Tennessee
United Church of Canada Urges the Boycott of Israeli Products
United Methodist Bishop drops all charges..calls for end of “disciplining”..who perform gay weddings
United Methodist Church Group Sends $443,750 to Planned Parenthood Abortion Business
United Nations Demands the Catholic Church Drop to Her Knees
United Nations May Tax and Censor Post-U.S. Internet, Experts Warn
United Nations Panel Demands ObamaCare Coverage for Illegal Aliens, Denounces ‘Racist’ Voter ID Laws
United Nations Says It’s All Your Fault
United Nations Scolds Catholic Church On Human Rights
United Nations Scolds Vatican: Support Abortion, Gay Rights and Contraception
United Nations commends Francis for his "progressive" views of homosexual Catholic clergy
United Nations crack “scientists” have decided 17 years of no warming proves there is a crisis
United Nations' report on Vatican sparks backlash in US
United Nations: No Obamacare for Illegal Aliens a Human Rights Concern
United Nations: We Should Prosecute North Korea at ICC For “Crimes Against Humanity”
United State's Air Force Flash Mob
United States Extremist Crime Database (ECDB)
United States Misery Index
United States sending more troops and tanks to South Korea
United States vs. Canada Noon ET (Semi final Live thread)
Univ. of Leicester students: Noah’s Ark would've floated w/ two each of 35,000 species of animal
Univ. of Mississippi seeks to question students about noose on statue
Universal Coverage vs. Universal Liberty
Universities Want More Money
Universities in FCC Newsroom Probe Have Close Ties to Soros, Got $1.8M in Funding
University (of Michigan) caves: will provide $300K to renovate multicultural center ...
University Staff Breaks Away From Union
University Textbook Says Reagan was Extreme, Sexist, and Pessimistic
University Will Not Award Honorary Degree to Woman Because She Has Made Comments Critical of Islam
University developing technology to vote on your tablet, smartphone
University investigates Utah clinic's sperm mix-up
University of Alaska Scientists: Fukushima Radiation May Be Making Alaska Seals Sick
University of California-Santa Barbara feminist professor charged in confrontation with pro-life
University of Michigan Exhibit Celebrates Abortion as ‘Life-Sustaining Act’
University of Pennsylvania Track Star Jumped to Death Over Grades: Family Friend
University of Virginia student plans civil action over ABC arrest (Update)
University of Wisconsin Removes Bibles From Guest Rooms Following Atheist Complaint
University sends email to alumni equating the tea party with the KKK
University staff members forced to undergo reeducation in ‘heterosexual privilege’
University to teach students ‘How To Be A Lesbian in 10 Days or Less’ during seminar
University-Sponsored Display Claims Abortion is a “Gift From God”
Unknown Evidence from the Soviet Archives: What organization did Nelson Mandela belong to?
Unknown explosion with fire just occurred a few minutes ago - California (News vanity)
Unless Things Change We Are Seeing The End Of Boehner’s Speakership
Unlicensed Dogs Get New Leash On Life
Unlike Obama, Reagan's speeches weren't meant to be just words that dissipate into the air...
Unlike snowbird murders, most female killers know their victims, experts say
Unliking my "like" on Facebook
Unlocking a car with your brain. [video only]
Unlocking the scrolls of Herculaneum
Unmarked Russian Troops Already Camped-Out, Dug-In, and Planting Minefields on Mainland Ukraine
Unmasked: Area 51's Biggest, Stealthiest Spy Drone Yet
Unnerved DNC Sends-Out Letter Re. Possible Obama Impeachment...
Unpopular McConnell Can’t Shake Grimes, Another Poll Brings Bad News for Mitch
Unpopular Populism in Chile
Unprecendented Lawlessness: More changes ahead? Obama defends repeat tweaks to health law
Unreal: Obama Administration Blames Record Cold On Global Warming (Video)
Unreal: Obama Skips National Security Team Meeting On Russian Invasion Of Ukraine
Unreliable German Solar and Wind Forcing New Coal Boom
Unrepentant Battleground Texas Now Subject to State Investigation
Unresisted Temptation can Destroy you, as seen on T.V. !
Unrest in Venezuela Spawns a Folk Hero
Unruly Crowd Causes Commotion At Salvation Army Toy Distribution (Pittsburgh)
Unruly Progressives [Why it’s so hard to make progressives live up to their own rules.]
Unsettling “Settled Science”
Unto you is born this day in the city of David a Saviour, which is Christ the Lord
Unusual amendments that never made it into the U.S. Constitution
Unusual cold winter kills over 60 in Thailand
Up to 14 inches of snow to hit New York City, surrounding areas Thursday
Up to 20 injured in Pennsylvania school stabbing
Up to 50 hurt, at least nine dead after semi, tour bus collide; I-5 closed near Orland (CA)
Up-Up, Re-Update ... my fire
Upcoming day of reconciliation announced by Pope (Catholic Caucus)
Update .. My Fire
Update on Eric Holder and the False Information that Remains on the DOJ Website
Update on the universe: Top scientists gather in Dallas to dissect space, matter, time
Update/Prayer Request for Noah's Family
Update: AP Revision to VW-Chattanooga Story Laments UAW's Loss of 'Potential Watershed Moment'
Update: Feminist Professor Who Attacked Pro-Life Student Charged With Criminal Battery
Update: Muslim community unites in support of Eggstravaganza in Michigan
Update: National License Plate Recognition Database: What It Is and Why It’s a Bad Idea
Update: Now 44 Times More TV Coverage of Christie's Traffic Scandal Than in Last Six Months on IRS
Update: Oakland Airport Vendors Levy Health Benefits Surcharge
Update: Post Office Carry Amendments
Update: Testimony Reveals More Contradictions on Benghazi Talking Points Evolution
Updating my medical condition and prayer needs
Upgraded IDFs carrying cluster bombs to be revealed next month
Upper house to demand recall of Moscow ambassador to U.S.
Uppity Deniers, Unite!
Uproar at Russia Today
Uproar over DC’s ‘selfie’ support for Ukraine
Uproar over ObamaCare’s menu rules
Uprooting Obamacare with Better Ideas
Upset: Republican wins surprise blowout in Arkansas Senate special election
Upstart Groups Challenge Rove for G.O.P. Cash
Upstate NY struggles as more leave than move in
Urban streets named for MLK still struggle
Urgent Action Needed to Ban Abortions After 20 Weeks in West Virginia
Urgent Prayers Needed for RedMDer's Beautiful Wife, Lynn [Update 143]
Urgent Search for 'Black Widow' Suicide Bomber, May Be Already in Sochi
Urging the Congress of the United States to designate Spanish as the official language
Urine detection system installed in Atlanta transit station elevator
Urn containing Sigmund Freud’s ashes severely damaged in crematorium break-in
Ursuline sisters wows an audience
Uruguay accepts US request to take five Guantanamo inmates
Us and Them (Rabbinical commentary about Tu B'Shvat)
Use Of Drone At Hartford Crash Scene
Use That Pen To Approve Keystone XL Pipeline Jobs, Mr. President
Use of cars can help families reduce poverty, large study finds
Use of public assistance (EBT) cards OK at pot shops (COLORADO)
Useful Idiots for Baal
Useful info!!!- ObamaCare's Secret Mandate Exemption repeals the individual mandate two years
Useless $350 million NASA space project mandated by Congress
Using 3-D Printing to Explain Theoretical Physics
Using ENCODE Data for Human-Chimp DNA Comparisons
Using Metadata to Find Paul Revere
Using Your Time Productively
Using the IRS to Suppress Free Speech
Utah Democrat Rep. Matheson won’t seek 8th term
Utah Sen. Mike Lee endorses Greg Brannon in contested Senate primary (North Carolina)
Utah Sen. Mike Lee gives Tea Party speech
Utah Won't Recognize Gay Marriages After US Court Ruling
Utah asks Supreme Court to block same-sex unions
Utah gay marriages will be recognized by federal government, attorney general says
Utah gun maker turns down $15M deal with Pakistan
Utah gun manufacturer refuses sale to Pakistan
Utah is Ending Homelessness by Giving People Homes
Utah lawmaker: We should emit more CO2 into the atmosphere
Utah man sentenced for crime committed on LDS mission in Chubbuck
Utah school district apologizes for seizing kids' lunches for unpaid bills
Utah to Appeal Gay Marriage Ruling to US Supreme Court as Final Holdout Counties Distribute Licenses
Utah vows to appeal gay marriage ruling to Supreme Court
Utah's Mike Lee attending fundraisers in North Carolina for GOP Senate candidate Greg Brannon
Utah's same-sex marriage ban back in court
Utah: Concealed Carry in Schools; Zero School Shootings. Coincidence?
Utah’s Gay Marriage Ban Is Ruled Unconstitutional
Utilities Want To Offer Natural Gas Truck Refueling, Competitors Object
Utility Asks Court To Slap Down Excessive Wind Turbine Noise Finding
Utmost respect: Solemn guard at the Tomb of the Unknown amid driving snow
VA AG Mark Herring (D) wants your support for homosexual marriage (BARF ALERT)
VA Hides Names of Hospitals Where Vets Died From Delays
VA Hides Names of Hospitals Where Vets Died From Delays FOIA experts say docs wrongly withheld
VA Obamacare/Medicaid expansion is the BIG battle this year
VA Refuses Christmas Cards from 51 School Kids Intended for Disabled Veterans
VA To Look At Closing Hot Springs Facility
VA hospital refuses to accept 'Merry Christmas' cards
VA sends $4,000 bill to triple-amputee Purple Heart recipient after he spoke out against Obama
VA:Hampton: 76-year-old homeowner shoots suspected burglar hiding in closet
VA:Lobby Day sees Pro and Anti second Amendment Groups at the Capitol
VA:Man pulls shotgun out on would-be car jackers
VA:Virginia Lawmakers Pass Concealed Weapons and Gun Muffler Reform, Resist Police Pressure
VANITY - Free advice welcome - what to do about cable, no cable, TV, Internet, etc.
VANITY: Christians Need To Place Floats or March in Every gay Parade. When Denied entry, sue, etc
VANITY: GOP Poll
VANITY: Information about all the candidates running against John Cornyn - feedback wanted.
VANITY: Question Regarding Precepts Upon Precepts with Kay Arthur
VANITY: Why I bought Obamacare (for my wife...I shall still be paying a fine for myself)
VAST U.S. ARMADA FIGHTING IN MARSHALLS; LANDING UNCONFIRMED; WAKE ISLE BOMBED (2/1/44)
VATICAN - PASTORAL CARE WORKERS KILLED IN 2013 (2013 Martyrology)
VATICAN COMES UNDER SHARP CRITICISM FOR SEX ABUSE
VB Teacher's aide charged in online crime
VEGAS RULES: Harry Reid pushed feds to change ruling for casino’s big-money foreigners
VENEZUELA: NEWS AND ANALYSIS
VENEZUELANS 'TAKING IT TO THE STREETS'
VERY IMPORTANT.. Obama’s Brother Funds Hamas (Proof Below)
VIDEO Animation: California state Senator Leland Yee: Part-time politician, full-time arms dealer
VIDEO On eve of O/care deadline, law remains a work in progress (Repub wood-chippers O/Care bill)
VIDEO of "Lenin Falls" in Ukraine
VIDEO: 4 Suspects Sought In Brick Attack In North Philadelphia
VIDEO: Alabama mom attacks Oklahoma fans at Sugar Bowl
VIDEO: Ayaan Hirsi Ali on FOX News
VIDEO: BREAKING Cell Towers Shut Down @ Bundy Ranch Siege
VIDEO: Battleground Texas Illegally Copying Voter Data
VIDEO: Christian Adams Explains the Democrats’ ‘Philly Hustle’ Bribery Scandal
VIDEO: Civilian Called Out For Wearing Ranger Uniform Offers Explanation
VIDEO: Ellen D: Obamacare 'Doing Very, Very Well...I Think Everyone's Very Grateful You Did This'
VIDEO: Fowl fracas? Wild turkey chases UPS delivery driver on Minnesota sidewalk
VIDEO: Fox News Guest Says Black People Not Welcome In Idaho, Utah And Wyoming
VIDEO: Idaho Cop Fatally Shoots Dog Outside House of Owner During Son's Birthday Party
VIDEO: Just another day in America...(Obama's sons gone wild)
VIDEO: Michael Bay Melt Down Onstage at CES 2014 (Broken Teleprompter)
VIDEO: Most SHOCKING Commercial Ever
VIDEO: Obama Advises Audience: 'Bend Your Knees So You Don't Faint'...
VIDEO: Out of Occupy, a New Populist Political Party Forms (In Order to Scam $$$$ From Democrats)
VIDEO: PJM’s J. Christian Adams Talks with Megyn Kelly about Activist Immigration Lawyers at DHS
VIDEO: Parents outraged over classroom poster that lists sex acts...
VIDEO: Santas Brawl Near Union Square
VIDEO: Sen. Lindsey Graham Staffers Get Wasted while Team Bright is hard at work
VIDEO: Steinberg: No 'gun-running' in Senate ethics training
VIDEO: UKIP rap appears on YouTube
VIDEO: University of Alabama censors pro-life students, secretly removes display
VIDEO: What's My Line with mystery guest, Bishop Fulton Sheen
VIDEO: Why You Gotta Lie, Unions? 'Google Employee' Angrily Yelling At Protesters Actually A Plant
VIDEO: Woman Hurls Ketchup Bottles After Being Shushed for Talking on Cell
VIDEO:IMMIGRATION: Murray Joins Jorge Ramos to Discuss Treatment of Pregnant ICE Detainees
VIKING KITTIES CHRISTMAS OPEN THREAD
VIRTUE has gone forth, it seeks ~ its source [charismatic caucus]
VISTA workers told their U.S. health plan fails test (unanticipated consequence of ObamCare)
VOLCANO ERUPTION VIEW FROM SPACE
VOTE YOUR FUTURE: DEM=EBT GOP=JOB
VOTE: 'Duck Dynasty' Fans -- BRING BACK PHIL ... A&E's Denying Him Freedom of Speech
VOTER ID CLAPTRAP: The Most Idiotic of Liberal Spin
VOTING MACHINE IRREGULARITIES CLAIMED IN TWO BORDER COUNTY DEMOCRAT PRIMARIES
VOX.com: Here to Explain the News to Stupid People
VP and 28 Senators Climate Change Talk-in
VT:Burlington Council Members "Keep the Crowd Down"
VT:EXCLUSIVE: Preemptive Strike(Firearm Preemption under threat0
VW Vote Shows 'Card Check' Still a Fraud
VW Workers Escape from Detroit: Rejects UAW bid to subsume them into their union
VW workers at Tennessee plant reject union
VW workers may block southern U.S. deals if no unions: labor chief
Va. Democrat compares Tea Partiers to rapists (running for state Senate)
Va. Senate balance at stake in 33rd District special election[Today election DAY! for some]
Va. college ‘free speech zones’ latest to fall
Va. consultant Boyd Marcus’s case shows how money trumps principles in politics today
Va. gay marriage decision draws praise, scorn
Va. quickly emerging as key in gay marriage fight
Vacation Clubs
Vacaying Multi-Millionaire Obama Blasts GOP That Went Home for the Holidays & Abandoned Poor
Vague Criminal Laws Threaten Individual Liberty and Burden the Justice System
Valentines Day A Gift From GOD!
Valentine’s Wishes From the RED Zone: "Who Wore It Better-2" - Lady M or...
Valerie Jarrett signs up for Obamacare: 'Easy-peasy'...
Valerie Jarrett to Hollywood to Get Obamacare in Movie, TV Scripts
Valerie Jarrett to Hollywood: Shill for ObamaCare in Your Scripts
Valerie Jarrett, the CEO of Obama Inc.: Meet the Woman Behind the Curtain
Valerie Jarrett: SOTU Is 'All About Action -- A Very Optimistic Speech'
Validation of Electrical Power Generation by Second - Generation CIHT Technology
Vallejo woman arrested for throwing knives in restaurant
Valley gun sales increase before new gun laws go into effect
Valley natives charged with tasing boy, locking him in closet
Valor: David and Goliath : in the skies of World War II
Valuable Musings from My Wife....
Valuation: Freedom vs. Fairness
Value Your Soul...Mark 8 pt 6
Value Your Soul...Mark8 pt 6
Van Hollen: Focus on Putin, not Obama
Van Jones: GOP Will Have to Run Against Hillary, Bill, Barack, and Michelle in 2016
Van Jones: We Don’t Want to See ‘No Gays’ Signs in This Country
Van Susteren Confronts Democratic Candidate Declaring 'War' on Fox News
Van Susteren Hits U.S. Intel Head for Getting ‘Complete Pass for Lying to Congress’ on NSA
Vance McAllister Kissing Video Could Prompt Flood of GOP Challengers
Vancouver man goes berserk in downtown Tim Hortons
Vancouver taxpayers foot $100k+ bill to send gay city councillor to lobby IOC in Sochi
Vandal targets pro-life sign outside church
Vandalism at famed French basilica
Vandalism forces removal of Obama plaque
Vandalism of Harlem church sign being investigated as a hate crime (ATLAH)
Vandalized rainbow flag rededicated
Vandals Desecrate Jewish Cemetery in Hungary
Vandals Flip Smart Cars Over in San Francisco
Vandals flip Smart cars on streets of San Francisco
Vandals target Spike Lee’s former home after director’s gentrification rant
Vanilla Fudge - You Keep Me Hanging On (Vinyl)
Vanished Without a Trace: 5 Other Flights That Disappeared
Vanishing Catholics
Vanity
Vanity - "Prospectors" on Weather Channel
Vanity - 2013 NFL Black Monday coaching firing thread
Vanity - Chris Van Hollen on WMAL Yesterday Afternoon
Vanity - Don't waste your money on "Jack Ryan" (Spoiler alert)
Vanity - Getting off the Grid
Vanity - I fixed Global Warming
Vanity - Need help with my settings (My cats must have stepped on something!)
Vanity - Post your predictions for 2014
Vanity - VA Wants Veterans to Sign Up for Obamacare
Vanity - Was Sochi chosen for the Winter Olympics in order to push "global warming"?
Vanity - if SCOTUS rules for HobbyLobby is Obamacare dead?
Vanity Colonel Meow has died
Vanity Question: Why do I have to sign in anew each time now?
Vanity post about BF Goodrich tires
Vanity, Html/FR posting help needed.
Vanity, Just a question to Catholic Freepers (Non Catholics feel free to respond as well).
Vanity, asking for prayers for my Dad
Vanity,HR 2847,whats it mean to us
Vanity- Now that Obama is such a huge success, States need to immediately stop free ER services.
Vanity- We no longer need Cable- With Roku or a Smart TV We can see more for less money.
Vanity. After presents...
Vanity. Need IPhone help (texting issue)
Vanity.....Race of Mall Shooter??
Vanity: .357 Sig versus .40 S&W
Vanity: Any Reviews of Miracles and Massacres?
Vanity: Boehner on Tonight Show
Vanity: CPAC pumping money into Prince George's Co., Maryland...
Vanity: Dear CNBC, you suck and CURLING just pawned you!!!
Vanity: Did A&E break the Civil Rights Law?
Vanity: Exit Interview Enclosed, We're Sorry To See You Go
Vanity: Fifteen years; fifteen hundred posts
Vanity: Google Voice- anyone here use it?
Vanity: Has CNN's Wolf Blitzer gone totally hysterical about the Malaysia Air situation?
Vanity: Human Rights Camp : Gay is not a choice,to suggest otherwise is harmful. [ Birth Defect? ]
Vanity: I'm the guy challenging John Boehner.
Vanity: Info Required On Cold Weather Starts
Vanity: Is there a brand of canned tuna that isn't all mush?
Vanity: Lets Get Ted And America A TW
Vanity: My daughter's Christmas gift to me.
Vanity: NRO Changes Posting Policy to Hide Negative Reactions to Establishment Columnists & Posters
Vanity: Need advice for best state
Vanity: Netflix labels some gay/lesbian movies as "Romantic" films.
Vanity: Original Manchurian Candidate on TCM tonight at 8:00
Vanity: Pray for Clive Bundy and his Family
Vanity: Probably won't find this on TCM
Vanity: Question re: fighting an insurance denial
Vanity: Seeking advice on buying silver
Vanity: Tax Assessor requesting to inspect inside?
Vanity: Theological Implication of Different Translations of Luke 2:14?
Vanity: What is the most secure distro of Linux?
Vanity: What were the rules for employers before Obamacare?
Vanity: Why are there no protests in Europe and elsewhere against the Russian invasion of Ukraine?
Vanity: need WINDOWS 7 HELP on sound driver and picture preview in Win Explorer
Vas deferens—refuting ‘bad design’ arguments
Vasectomies On Rise During March Madness
Vast Majority of Doctors (70%) Boycotting Obamacare...in California
Vast Majority of Military Pension Cuts Remain in Omnibus Spending Bill
Vast Stretches Of Impoverished Appalachia Look Like They Have Been Through A War
Vast oil trove trapped in Monterey Shale formation
Vatican Asked to Honour Jesuit who Tried to Evangelise China
Vatican Believes ROC Should Recognize Own Guilt in Addition to Accusing Greek Catholics in Ukraine
Vatican C.J.: Obama Admin’s Treatment of Religious Freedom Contradicts America’s Founding Principles
Vatican Cardinal Burke Interviewed on Pope Francis: Says ‘We Can Never Talk Enough’ About Abortion
Vatican Chief Justice: Denying Communion to Nancy Pelosi “Makes Perfect Sense”
Vatican Chief Justice: Obama’s Policies ‘Progressively More Hostile Toward Christian Civilization’
Vatican Commentator on anniversary: Pope Francis has irrevocably changed the papacy
Vatican Denies Pope Is Open To Recognition of Gay Civil Unions [Media Manipulation Exposed]
Vatican Directs Buffalo Bishop not to Reduce Historic Church to Profane Use; Diocese Will Appeal
Vatican Library displays microchip Bible that travelled to the moon
Vatican Says Univ. of San Diego Drag Show Caused Scandal, New Show Planned Next Week
Vatican Scientists Co-host Conference in Arizona Seeking Alien Life in Universe
Vatican Seeks to Defuse Row with U.N. Over Child Abuse Report
Vatican Spokesman Censures 'Rolling Stone' Article on Pope
Vatican Trove Shows Catholic Persecution in Samurai-Era Japan
Vatican analyst eager to improve media coverage of Church
Vatican blasts UN report on pedophile priests, abortion, gay marriage
Vatican blasts back at UN report on pedophile priests, abortion
Vatican designates Kansas church as a minor basilica (Catholic Caucus)
Vatican displays Bible that traveled to moon, and oldest Gospel on record
Vatican documents on legal recognition of homosexual unions
Vatican says it wants to help Venezuela
Vatican scientists co-host conference on alien life forms
Vatican spokesman: media manipulated Pope's comments on families
Vatican starts hiring freeze, forbids overtime in effort to cut costs
Vatican strikes back at UN report demanding approval of abortion and sex for children
Vatican theologians recognize miracle attributed to Paul VI
Vatican's doctrinal congregation isn't so supreme anymore
Vatican: Pope Francis wasn’t talking about same-sex relationships; Update: “Civil unions” explained
Vatican: Pope's Remarks on Children of Same-Sex, Couples Not Indicative of Change in Policy
Vatican’s Cardinal Burke: Media is ‘mocking’ the Pope by creating a liberal caricature
Vatican’s illegal downloads include ‘Billy Elliot’ and ‘Lesbian Hair Salon’
Vatican’s secret, and deadly, project to preserve its saints
Veep Says Trials and Tribulations of Health Law Qualify President for Sainthood
Vegas Gamblers Keep Vigil on Aging Slot Machine They Expect to Pay Off Millions
Vegas man stuck with $407,000 medical bill after ObamaCare breakdown
Vegetarians are Evil
Vehicle found after man fatally shot in New Jersey mall carjacking (No perp description...)
Vein Scan Payment System Launched
Venetia Burney, the 11 year old girl who named Pluto
Venezuela -- Cuba is "helping" the Regime, but how about Iran?
Venezuela About To Run Out Of Food Despite Fresh All Time High In Its Stock Market
Venezuela And Argentina: The Party Is Over
Venezuela Decrees "All Properties Leased for 20 Years Will Be Sold to Tenants in 60 Days"
Venezuela Demonstrations Reach Boiling Point
Venezuela Enforces Fingerprint Registry to Buy Groceries:
Venezuela Expels Three US Diplomats As Deadly Anti-Government Protests Spread Throughout The Country
Venezuela Gives Businesses Until Monday to Comply with "Fair Prices Act" or Face State Takeover
Venezuela In Turmoil For Lack Of Flour, Milk And Diapers
Venezuela President Maduro arrests 'three plotting generals'
Venezuela and Hollywood; Axis of Stupidity
Venezuela anti-government rally turns deadly
Venezuela breaks ties with Panama over 'conspiracy'
Venezuela cuts dollar allowance for Florida trips
Venezuela government faces brutality accusations over unrest
Venezuela is expelling three US diplomats
Venezuela is falling down the rabbit hole into Blunderland.
Venezuela issues ID cards to curtail food hoarding
Venezuela leader Nicolas Maduro seeks talks with Obama
Venezuela mayor arrested for 'civil rebellion' over violent protests
Venezuela moves swiftly against opposition
Venezuela on the Brink – Infographic and Poll data
Venezuela prosecutor: 5 more from domestic spy agency arrested in deaths of 2 at protests
Venezuela protests flare anew, death toll rises to 12
Venezuela starts blocking Twitter users as widespread protests continue
Venezuela threatens to expel CNN over protest coverage
Venezuela to slap arrested protestors with passport ban as unrest grows ["We're turning into Cuba"]
Venezuela update -- it's still a mess
Venezuela weighs pet food price controls
Venezuela's 'skyscraper slum'
Venezuela's Breakaway City Of San Cristobal
Venezuela's Maduro wants talks with Obama
Venezuela's foreign minister calls Kerry 'murderer'
Venezuela: A Growing Threat to the United States
Venezuela: Leopoldo López Faces 10 Years in Prison
Venezuela: People "marked" like Animals to get Food
Venezuela: anti-Maduro crisis claims another life
Venezuela: the Left's favourite 'socialist paradise' is sliding into poverty and dictatorship
Venezuelan Congress seeks criminal investigation of opposition deputy (Maria Corina Machado)
Venezuelan Deputies Find New Evidence Nicolas Maduro Was Born in Colombia
Venezuelan Globovision editor Nairobi Pinto kidnapped
Venezuelan Police Officer, "It’s worse than you think"
Venezuelan beauty queen Genesis Carmona, 22, fatally shot in head during protest
Venezuelan middle class seeks refuge in Miami
Venezuelan opposition holds anti-Maduro rally in Caracas
Venezuelan opposition keeps protests despite carnival season (Latest from Venezuela)
Venezuelan opposition leader interviewed in English by Al Jazeera
Venezuelan police and opposition activists clash in Caracas
Venezuelans “Taking it to the Streets,” But no word from Sean Penn
Venezuela’s Gasoline Prices May Rise to $1.60 a Gallon, From 5 Cents
Venice votes to split from Italy as 89% of the city's residents opt to form a new independent state
Venom Between Obama and Rangel
Verdict on Medjugorje nears as Commission claims apparitions are “no hoax” [Catholic Caucus]
Verdict: Not guilty in Kelly Thomas case
Vergelt’s Gott, Heiliger Vater! ["May God Reward You" BXVI]
Verizon Wireless Details 322,000 Government Requests (322,000 govt requests)
Verizon defends decision to offer incest and child themed porn on video-on-demand
Verizon to close 2 local contact centers (Over 5,000 layoffs overall in 5 places)
Verizon's Circular Menu Prevents Customers from Connecting
Vermont Democrats Labeling State's Single-Payer Health Plan a Failure
Vermont Senators Want to Affirm Abortion as a Right
Vermont beekeepers face threat of 'zombie' bees; 1st time parasite found in Eastern US
Vermont plots course for single-payer health care system
Vermont's Single-Payer [health care] Dream Is Taxpayer Nightmare [link only]
Vermont: The First US Single Payer State Health System Would Require Doubling Taxes
Very Cool Atlas of the Universe
Very Generous FReepers Have Sponsored $10 for EVERY New Monthly Donor[FReepathon]
Very Good Documentary On Putin (if anyone's interested)
Vet: Conn. Cop said 'I cannot wait to get the order to kick your door in
Veteran Character Actor James Rebhorn Dies At 65 [skin cancer]
Veteran Chris Taylor makes his connections count to win government work
Veteran Group Leader: Paul Ryan Budget Deal a 'Total Betrayal'
Veteran Group Leader: Paul Ryan Budget Deal a ‘Total Betrayal’
Veteran gay conservative activist: "No hope for the Republican Party"
Veterans Administration Abandons Vets Suffering From Depleted Uranium Contamination
Veterans Affairs employees destroyed veterans’ medical records to cancel backlogged exam requests
Veterans Affairs wind turbine, built for $2.3 million, stands dormant
Veterans Ask Supreme Court to Intervene, Save Mt. Soledad Cross
Veterans Rip Paul Ryan over Budget's Military Pension Cuts (see the Facebook comments)
Veterans Take It In The Shorts Thanks Democrats – and One Republican
Veterans Used as Pawns in Omnibus Bill
Veterans betrayed: Shortchanging those who fought for us
Veterans dying because of health care delays
Veterans groups angry over budget deal
Veterans groups vow to fight cuts in military pensions
Veterans, If You Use Windows There’s a New Internet Explorer Hack You Need to Know About
Vets Seeing More Dogs Eating Edible Marijuana
Vets push Congress for fix to pension cut
Vetting of concealed-carry applicants too weak to trust
Viacom and YouTube Settle Lawsuit Over Copyright
Vice Ppresident Joe Biden gropes White House reporter
Vicious 22-pound cat traps Oregon couple in room, attacks baby
Vicious Dog Drama In Pontiac; Cops Shoot German Shepherd In Early Morning Showdown (2nd Dog Sought)
Vicious Muslim Supremacist Professor at Berkeley demands students tweet on “Islamophobia”
Victim Traumatized After Finding Pic Of Suspect On Cell
Victim from 'knockout game' located (Dayton, Ohio)
Victim hears 'get white boy' before attack
Victim recounts snow day attack at Warner Robins High; 2 arrests made
Victims in beating, homicide lured by tattooed female
Victims' groups want investigation into priests
Victims' relatives demand answers from GM over 'death trap' cars
Victim’s Photo Leads to Arrest in Broad Street Puncher Case
Victor Davis Hanson commentary: China behaving as Japan did in 1930s
Victor Davis Hanson on our 'path to Armageddon'
Victor Davis Hanson: Pajama Boy Nation
Victoria Cross: Cameron Baird's parents accept medal on Special Forces commando's behalf
Victory for Academic Freedom: Jury Rules UNC-Wilmington Retaliated Against Conservative Professor
Victory for Ukrainian Revolution
Victory in Jesus in 2014 for Almighty God's Honor and Glory!
Victory! Chevron wins RICO case over Ecuador shakedown artists
Victory, Despite the Terror in War and in the Stock Market
Victory: Jury Rules North Carolina University Violated Conservative Professor’s Free Speech Rights
Vidalia Onions: The Best Thing to Buy, The Best Ways to Eat It—Now!
Video - Yee in 2012: 'Extremely important that individuals in CA do not own assault weapons'
Video Capturing Al Sharpton Saying the Exact Same Words as the President Is Hilarious
Video Footage of Arkansas Obamacare
Video Goes Viral After Garden City Cop Threatens To Ticket Man Washing Car In Own Driveway
Video Of Brave German Woman Rebuking Muslim Imam’s Call To Prayer Goes Viral [Watch]
Video Prompts Changes To How NYPD Deals With Suspected Fare Beaters
Video Report: Teachers Hope Their Win Against Union Emboldens Others
Video Shows 'Moment of IAF Strike'
Video Shows Officer Confronting Man Filming Arrests In Towson
Video called ‘Forget About The Price Tag’ wins HHS grand prize for promoting Obamacare
Video captures road rage attack in western valley
Video catches family participating in $20,000 jewelry robbery
Video doc link: Washington's 12/26/76 attack on Hessian camp: Trenton/Delaware Crossing
Video of Fatal Plane Crash in Hawaii Released [Loretta Fuddy]
Video of Justin Bieber Giving a Deposition Is So Disrespectful Even TMZ Is Calling It ‘Just Unreal’
Video of Ruger SP101, Separate Ejector Rod
Video released in purse-snatch slaying of Amber Long
Video released shows customers restrain Corey Stingley
Video shows worst principal’s bizarre prom-like bash (Marcella Sills)
Video surfaces of Ray Rice apparently dragging unconscious fiancee
Video surveillance of Downtown Houston to Expand (180 more cameras, cost $18,000,000 so far)
Video – Obama on Iran: “Give Peace A Chance”… Seriously. He Said That Actual Thing.
Video: 'Penguin Dance' Snowballs Into Family Fight at Wedding
Video: Airplane gets blown sideways while attempting to land
Video: Amazing Time-Lapse Record of St. Anthony Hospital Demolition
Video: Burglary Suspect Shot With His Own Gun
Video: Camel Born Four Hind Legs in Saudi
Video: Cars That Can fly, drive on water and in the desert...
Video: Charging Cape Buffalo Freaks Out Woman
Video: County commissioner violates federal judge’s order, mentions Jesus at meeting
Video: County commissioner willfully violates federal judge’s order, mentions Jesus at meeting
Video: CoverOregon has cost $200 million so far without any successful signups
Video: Criminal fraud in Oregon ObamaCare exchange?
Video: DNC attendees can’t name a single Hillary accomplishment
Video: Feds Taser Nevada Rancher’s Son During Tense Clash
Video: Feds Use Attack Dogs And Tasers Against Protesters Trying To Protect Nevada Cattle Ranch
Video: Gunman invades Dollar General, meets concealed carry permit holder
Video: Hitting the trail with George P. Bush
Video: Illinois Democrat dismisses GOP colleague as “half” a black person
Video: Jimmy Fallon pokes fun at Obama with … Sarah Palin?
Video: Joyriding Lion on Dubai’s Sheikh Zayed Road SWafari?
Video: Kerry's High Level Summit with Snoop Dogg
Video: Knife-wielding student wounds 20 at PA high school
Video: LA Sheriffs kill 80-year-old man in bed in meth raid gone bad
Video: Lake Michigan Ice Caves Off the Coast of Leelanau in Northern Michigan
Video: Lois Lerner takes the Fifth again as Issa cuts off Elijah Cummings’s mic
Video: MSNBC host asks whether we can trust Catholic justices in Hobby Lobby case
Video: MSNBC's Melissa Harris-Perry Cries During Romney Apology
Video: Man Tries to Feed Himself to Tigers, Fails
Video: Man arrested after being rescued from 20-inch United Water pipe
Video: McConnell, Megyn Kelly Rip Harry Reid Over Obamacare Smears
Video: NBC Praises Communism as One of History’s ‘Pivotal Experiments’
Video: New York small business owner on expansion, job creation: “It’s just not worth it”
Video: Obama Undermines Liberalism While Distancing Himself from Own Failures
Video: Obama Whines About Birth Certificate; Felony Sitting On White House Website (nervous tic?)
Video: ObamaCare enrollee can’t get doctor to see her
Video: Obama’s Weakness on Ukraine Mirrors 2008 Invasion of Georgia
Video: President Of Hobby Lobby Speaks Out!
Video: Putin Says He Will Use Human Shields (shortened)
Video: RT Anchor Quits On Air ("network that whitewashes the actions of Putin")
Video: Restaurant Prepares Shawarma Meat in Toilet
Video: Rick Perry brings down the house at CPAC
Video: Rick Santorum says Duck Dynasty’s Phil Robertson was ‘Pretty Accurate’
Video: Ron Paul defends Crimea’s referendum on annexation by Russia
Video: Rubio rips Cuba, Venezuela … and Tom Harkin
Video: Scott Brown makes it official in NH Senate race
Video: Small cat battles large dog for its dinner [video; neither animal hurt; funny!]
Video: Standing ovation for Chris Christie at CPAC
Video: Store Clerk Scares-Off Robber With Real Gun [poorly written headline]
Video: Supporters cheer after President Obama sneezes
Video: Tea Partiers "Are Being Bullies in the Same Way That Putin is a Bully"
Video: Thousands of Clinton presidential records still blocked from public view?
Video: Toddler made to smoke 'spliff' in bathroom in shocking film posted on web
Video: Ukrainian Minesweeper "Cherkassy" Attempts To Pen Channel Ukraine Navy Trapped In
Video: Underwater Test Drive of Mercedes-Benz G63 AMG 6×6
Video: Venezuela seized CNN equipment as crackdown continues
Video: Was This a 'UFO' Sighted Over Saudi?
Video: What happened to the Cover Oregon audit?
Video: Yes, Ted Cruz just put out what looks like a presidential campaign ad
Video: this is the future of the US under liberalism
Video: “Is there anything the politicians could enact into law that you wouldn’t enforce?”
Video: “We thought he was going to be… the next Messiah” (Guess who they're referencing?)
Video:Bull Attacks Traffic Cop (Video)
Videos Of Foreign Press Reporters Biased To Terrorism In Egypt (remember NYT Benghazi Lie?)
Videos Show Bin Laden Relative Warning of 'Storm' of Airplane Attacks
Vietnam Searchers Report Spotting Plane Debris
Vietnam Tightens Aviation Security Amid Terrorism Fears
Vietnam looking to purchase BrahMos cruise missiles
Vietnam media: Navy confirms flight MH370 crashed into the sea [disputed account]
Vietnam says it may have found missing jet's door
Vietnam, Con Dau Catholics suffer more land seizures and demolitions
Vietnam: Dreams and Reality
Viewers furious Michelle Obama ruined the ‘Puppy Bowl’: ‘Is nothing safe?’
Viewpoint: In Favor of the Restoration of “Sunday Best”
Viewpoints: New microstamping law comes at the expense of improving consumer safety
Vigil for Venezuela at Bayfront Park in Miami Monday
Vigil held for slain teen
Vigil held for teen who died after fair violence
Vigilante or protective dad? Man charged after chasing tormentors
Vigilantes Take Control of 8 Communities in Southern Mexico(spontaneously formed militias)
Vigilantes enter Mexican drug cartel's key bastion
Vigilantes reject disarming in Mexico standoff
Vigilantes with a Badge: The War Against the American People
Viguerie, Martin and Levin: The 'Boehner Must Go Caucus' Growing
Viking Kitties Laid Off, to be Replaced with Fleet of Drones
Vikings 'brought sarcastic sense of humour to Britain'
Vikings - Triângulo Amoroso
Viktor Yanukovych president of Ukraine is in Kharkiv (live stream)
Viktor Yanukovych: I'm still Ukraine's President, will fight for its future
Vilified By Some, Walmart Is Welcome Presence In Struggling Midtown
Vilsack Won’t Blame Climate Change for Snowy Winter, But ‘Climate Is Changing’
Vin Scully Endorses Gay Marriage? (Vanity
Vintage PHOTOS: c. 1911 ... Cat Drinking from a Bottle and Looking Through a Telescope
Violence Against Tech Firms May Only Be Beginning
Violence against Afghan women more frequent, brutal in 2013: official (Another Obama Victory!)
Violence against women 'pandemic' in Mexico
Violence in Ukraine Creates Deepening Clash Between East and West
Violence in Ukraine: Can Russia or the West Make it Stop
Violent shaking at El Hierro (Magnitude 5.3 earthquake – preliminary)
Viral Video of the Day: This Video Treats Not Having Kids Like a Drug Commercial
Viral: Airline Stages Magnificent ‘Christmas Miracle’ for Hundreds of Lucky Passengers
Virgin Galactic's SpaceShipTwo reaches record height in latest test
Virgin Space: ‘You Could Do London-Sydney In Two Hours’ Branson Plans To Bring Air Travel To Space!
Virginia Abortion Clinic Accused of Not Reporting Child Sexual Abuse
Virginia Couple Wins Lottery 3 Times in 1 Month
Virginia Dem. says guns need to be titled, registered, gun owners like ‘little children’
Virginia Democrat: "Members of Congress Underpaid"
Virginia GOP executive director praised amnesty, slammed GOP
Virginia GOP official that dissed anti-amnesty Republicans skips Laura Ingraham radio show
Virginia Honors 9/11 Mosque
Virginia Republicans Resist Medicaid Expansion
Virginia Same-Sex Marriage Ruling Confuses Declaration Of Independence with Constitution
Virginia Same-Sex Marriage Ruling Confuses Declaration of Independence with Constitution [Obama nom]
Virginia Senate Votes Down In-State Tuition for Illegal Aliens
Virginia Sets Record Gun Sales on Black Friday
Virginia church may look Anglican, but it's fully Baptist
Virginia city..may ban a law that requires them to name new streets after Confederate soldiers
Virginia to fight same-sex marriage ban (Atty Gen)
Virginia: Former RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie launches Senate bid against Mark Warner
Virginia: Republican Delegate Rob Bloxom wins special election for HOD seat
Virginians! Join the petition to remove Attorney Mark Herring from office for dereliction of duty
Virginia’s marriage amendment declared unconstitutional
Virginia’s new Republican leader has his Ft. Sumter moment
Virtual Tour of Smithsonian Museum of Natural History
Virtuoso’s flutes destroyed by US Customs
Visa-Free Travel Starts Between Korea and Russia
Vision for those with an ear to hear [charistmatic caucus]
Visiting South Africa during apartheid
Visits to national parks tumble on bad weather, federal shutdown
Visual Aids @ MLA
Visual Guide – the Making of a DIY Space Capsule
Visualization of Asteroids from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey
Visualizing the size and scale of Earth
Vitter Introduces Bill to Put American Citizens Ahead of Illegal Immigrants
Vitter to Reid: ‘Come clean’ on exemptions (Dingy a no-show)
Vitter: Prepare for the Obama’s ‘regulatory onslaught’
Vitter’s Running For (Louisiana) Governor In 2015
Vlad Putin Calls Sarah Palin in What Might End Up One of Your Favorite ‘Tonight Show’ Skits Ever
Vlad's Excellent Autocratic Adventure
Vladimir Bukovsky on political prisoners in the Russian Federation
Vladimir Danchev: The broadcaster who defied Moscow
Vladimir Putin 'Wants to Regain Finland' Says Close Adviser
Vladimir Putin Eats Brownies And Drinks Wine In Visit To US Olympic Headquarters In Sochi
Vladimir Putin Net Worth
Vladimir Putin and the Lessons of 1938
Vladimir Putin arrives in Sochi ahead of Winter Olympics
Vladimir Putin claims Russia is moral compass of the world
Vladimir Putin insists he is 'not prejudiced', 'has gay friends' and likes Elton John
Vladimir Putin nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
Vladimir Putin speaking English in the International Exhibitions Bureau
Vladimir Putin vows 'total annihilation' of terrorists after Volgograd bombings
Vladimir Putin's leopard 'friend' attacks reporters
Vladimir Putin's message to the west: Russia is back
Vladimir Putin, Conservative Icon
Vogue's Lena Dunham airbrush uncovered: Unretouched image reveals exactly HOW MUCH Photoshop..
Voice of Girl Scouts is ‘homo punk’ front man; organization takes troubling radical turn
Voices concerns about DNA experimentation
Volcanic eruption near Naples may have killed Neanderthals
Volcanic eruptions ‘contributed to global warming pause’, scientists claim
Volcanoes Erupting Right Now All Over The Ring Of Fire – Is The U.S. Next?
Volgograd suicide bomber's identity confirmed, photos now public
Volgograd: 'Ten dead' in second blast to hit Russian city
Volkswagen workers in Tennessee vote no to union representation
Volokh Conspiracy Partners with Washington Post
Volpi's Demand [Franciscans of the Immaculate]
Voluntary Renunciation of Duties
Volunteer EMS Injured On Way To Call In Bellport When Ambulance Was Shot At (NY)
Volunteer fire departments to be exempted from Obamacare's employer health care mandate
Volunteers try to solve mystery of 1950 plane crash in Lake Michigan. (NW DC-4 lost)
Vomit Painter artist throws up on canvas to create Jackson Pollock-style splatter paintings
VonCannon for Congress; changes district and party,6th Congressional District (Guilford County NC)
Voodoo Doughnut Creates Hillary Clinton Doughnut
Voodoo Economics and Unemployment
Vote Buying Bill Advances on Party-Line Vote from House Elections Committee
Vote Fraud Felon Released Early
Vote in Hillary, get Bill free
Vote now & make ESPN liberals SQUAWK! Vote for Erika Brown to hold the US flag at Sochi (vanity)
Vote to join Russia could leave Crimea without water, electricity
Vote-Buying Scandal Rattles Valley Politics
Voter Fraud: The Left's Tool For Social Justice
Voter Fraud: We’ve Got Proof It’s Easy
Voter ID A Proud Symbol Of Freedom For Afghans
Voter ID and Gun Rights: Rules for voting, firearms, and government services should all be heavy...
Voter fraud? What voter fraud?
Voters Guides Posted [Texas]
Voters Split on Hickenlooper's Re-election in Colo.
Voters Take Negative View of Labor Unions; Liberals in Favor of Strikes (Until Strikes Happen)
Voters in bankrupt San Bernardino sweep old guard from power
Voter’s Remorse Over Obama
Voting Records Raise Questions After Mummified Body Found
Voting Records Raise Questions After Mummified Body Found (The Mummy Votes)
Voting rights activists appeal proof-of-citizenship ruling
Vt. businesses crunch health coverage numbers again (VT health exchange not ready for Jan 1)
Vt. lawmakers look at paying for single-payer (13% payroll tax!)
Vulnerable Democrats try straddle on health law
Vulnerable Democrats want credit for passing Obama's health care law, then trying to fix it
Vulnerable Dems want IRS to step up
Vultures hover over HMS Illustrious
W** Millennials: Managing Agencies’ Newest Generation
W. Pa. man charged with stealing cuffs in escape
W. Va. Pizza Hut Worker Caught Urinating In Sink Fired [District Manager]
W.Va. Daycares Shut Down, Citing Obamacare
W.Va. House panel OKs bill to limit abortions
W.Va. official: People are inhaling formaldehyde
WA: Coffee Stand Encourages Armed Employees
WA: Poll on Gun Control at Seattle Times
WA:Charges dropped against homeowner who killed teen
WA:Clark County May Allow Second Amendment Rights for Employees
WA:Investigation continues into Pasco homicide
WA:The only question that matters may not be asked in Olympia
WA:Yelm Man Shoots Unwanted Visitor in Leg
WAIT UNTIL YOU HEAR HOW MANY FARM SUBSIDIES ARE GOING TO GROUPS IN…THE CITY OF CHICAGO
WALL STREET DEMS: VALERIE JARRETT LACKS ANY BUSINESS KNOWLEDGE
WAPO:Koch Backed Political Network,Designed to Shield Donors,Raised $400 Million in 2012(InfoGraph)
WAR DOGS: Got Yer Back!
WAR EAGLE!
WARNING: Tea Party Response by Sen Mike Lee to SOTU could cause conservative reawakening
WARREN BUFFETT: I'm Buying Stocks If They Fall Today, And Bitcoin Is Not A Currency
WAS THERE A PROBLEM WITH THE MH370 BOEING 777-200 AIRCRAFT?
WASTEBOOK 2013
WATCH Cancer Survivor’s Obamacare Nightmare
WATCH KATZ'S DELI SERVE 125YRS WORTH OF PASTRAMI SANDWICHES
WATCH People React To Obama’s SOTU Before It Happened!
WATCH: Cruz Explains In Under Two Minutes Why Ukraine Aid And IMF Changes Shouldn't Be In Same Bill
WATCH: Edward Snowden’s Alternative Christmas Message
WATCH: Italian nun wows 'The Voice of Italy' judges with Alicia Keys' 'No One'
WATCH: MVP Malcolm Smith Interrupted By Man Calling For 9/11 Probe
WATCH: Man Rescues Coyote From Water
WATCH: Mexicans Laugh at Deportation: Tell Reporter They’ll Come Right Back In
WATCH: Oscars 2014 – ‘In Memoriam’ Tribute Performance TCM Remembers 2013
WATCH: Patriotic Picture Taken at Texas High School Creates Buzz, Makes Teacher Proud
WATCH: Rap video spoofing President Obama urges young people to enroll in Obamacare
WATCH: Rep. Trey Gowdy Calls Nancy Pelosi 'Mind-Numbingly Stupid'
WATCH: Sen. Ted Cruz at Heritage’s Resource Bank
WATCH: Sochi answers: Why do curlers scream?
WATCH: Video of Illegal Alien Rock Attacks on Border Patrol Agents
WDTPRS 1st Sunday of Lent (2002MR): what we can learn in no other way
WE THE PEOPLE’s 2013 Christmas wish list to government
WE WON THE IRAQ WAR
WE'VE BEEN GUTTMACHERED
WEATHER NATION on Direct TV Has Local Forecasts Now
WEBCAST REPLAY: Near-Earth Asteroid 2000 EM26 and Other Space Rocks by Slooh
WEBSITE OF BITCOIN EXCHANGE MT. GOX OFFLINE
WEEKLY GARDENING THREAD VOLUME 15 APRIL 11, 2014
WEINSTEIN: Rand Paul is nothing like Reagan on foreign policy
WELCOME TO THE RIGHTLY GUIDED:
WELL, THAT MAKES SENSE: Nancy Pelosi to Accept Award Named After KKK Advocate and Race Eugenicist
WH Chose THIS Setting for Obama to Lecture Putin
WH Claims Obama 'Regularly' Meets with Sebelius Off the Record
WH Demands 'Equal Pay for Women,' Pays Own Female Employees Less Than Men
WH Marks Mandela´s Death with Pic of Obama in Mandela´s Cell
WH Now Partnering With Amateur 'iReporters' on First Lady's China Trip
WH Report: Chronic Marijuana Users Up 84% in 10 Years
WH To Launch Website On Climate Change To Help ‘America’s Communities To Prepare For The Future’
WH Won’t Even Give Classified Briefings on HealthCare.Gov Security Problems
WH admits Obama briefly stayed with uncle [reversing a previous statement......]
WH defends Obama's Key Largo vacation (his third vacation of the year.....)
WH delays another ObamaCare deadline
WH sees 'surge' in young O-Care enrollees - Carney pushes back at Rep Jim Moran's (D-VA) assessment
WH tries to contain the damage [behind-the-scenes clashes were by design....]
WH-DSCC ObamaCare powwow
WH: Don't tax Olympians on medals
WH: Hey, who doesn’t like and respect Joe Biden?
WH: Just Kidding, Our Goal for Young Obamacare Enrollees Is Actually A Lot Lower!
WH: Obama to meet Pope Francis in March
WH: Sending U.S. Troops, Military Aircraft to Uganda Doesn't Change U.S. Advisory Role
WH: When you think about it, 2.5 million fewer people working because of ObamaCare is good news
WHAT DO SOCIOPATHS/NARCISSISTS READ?
WHAT IF Somebody Substituted Truth Serum for Obama's Annual Flu Shot ...?
WHAT MOZILLA MEANS (ON BRENDAN EICH’S DEFENESTRATION)
WHAT THE PEOPLE OF GOD SAID
WHAT TO DO ABOUT THOSE PESKY “NO-GUNS” SIGNS
WHAT WILL YOU BE DOING INSTEAD OF LISTENING TO THE ILLEGAL ALIEN IN CHIEF TONIGHT?
WHAT to Make of This One? Jay Z to Divorce Beyonce Due to Affair w/ Obama(!)
WHAT? Renee Ellmers Claims She Has ‘Same Immigration Stance as Cruz, Paul, Lee’ (Loses Straw Poll)
WHEC-NY: New Yorkers Struggling To Afford ObamaCare Premiums, Deductibles
WHEN BLACKS VOTED 80 PERCENT DEM, MALCOLM X CALLED THEM ‘CHUMPS’
WHEN CAR COMMERCIALS ATTACK YOUR VALUES
WHERE IN THE WORLD IS MALAYSIA AIRLINES FLIGHT 370? CONSPIRACY THEORISTS TAKE TO THE INTERNET
WHITE HOUSE RUN WILL KILL HILLARY
WHO IS BOB GRANT NYC/AM 1ST DRV BYE KING (before RUSH)Died 84
WHO IS YOUR CURRENT REPUBLICAN PICK FOR '16?
WHOA! Obama Administration Says NO NEED FOR PALESTINIANS TO RECOGNIZE ISRAEL
WHY ALL THE CONFUSION ? (Dispensational Caucus)
WHY CAN’T MY SON RECEIVE THE EUCHARIST?
WHY EVERY SERIOUS ENVIRONMENTALIST SHOULD FAVOUR FRACKING
WHY THOMAS SOWELL WAS WRONG ABOUT TED CRUZ!
WHY YOUNG BLACK MALES ARE NOT GRADUATING HIGH SCHOOL
WI Appeals Court Finds in Favor of the MacIver Institute (Erpenbach, D, WI Smackdown!)
WI: Open Carrier Exercises Rights in Germantown
WI:DNR: More public access to private shooting ranges on way
WI:Gun group warns Madison transit over weapons ban on buses
WI:Is placing a gun in a coat pocket "Negligent Operation"?
WI:Madison store clerk points gun at robber, suspect runs away
WI:Maintenance worker who shot teens has concealed carry permit
WI:Man seriously injured in shooting on city’s north side
WI:Milwaukee Jury Troubled by Gun Muffler Case
WI:Open Carry of Rifles in Fond du Lac, Police Respect Constitution
WI:State Residents May be Able to Buy Long Guns in Other States
WI:Update on Arrest for Open Carry on "Disorderly Conduct" and "Obstructing"
WIDOW FACES EVICTION IN FLA. CITY FOR ‘LIVING OFF THE GRID’
WIFE OPENING IPOD BOX CHRISTMAS MORNING FINDS UNWELCOME SURPRISE…
WILC Shifts to Talk (D.C./MD Talkradio)
WIPP Updates
WIPP leaks ‘should never occur’ (NM nuclear disposal site)
WISDOM...
WISHING YOU A BLESSED CHRISTMAS SEASON
WJC denounces ‘exaggerated accounts’ of Ukrainian anti-Semitism
WOR ends an era in New York radio and officially kicks off the new coming war with rival WABC
WORDS WITH FIENDS
WORLD EXCLUSIVE: OBAMA DIVORCE BOMBSHELL!
WORLD NEWS Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Ended in Indian Ocean, Prime Minister Says
WORLD VIEW - THE 'NEW NORMAL': RUSSIA, CHINA ANNEX OTHER COUNTRIES' TERRITORIES WITH IMPUNITY
WORST SONG EVER: This Hip Hop Artist Sounds Like a Wounded Moose
WRCN LAUNCHES LI NEWS RADIO (Long Island, talk)
WSB Atlanta GA reports 217 votes for anti-gun republican budget surrender to democrats
WSB TV Report from Nov. 2, 2010: Other Than Mexicans - The Terrorist Threat Across Our Border
WSDOT wants to end white women quotas (Wash. DOT)
WSJ/NBC News Poll: Obama's Approval Rating Hits New Low
WSJ: Poorer counties facing high premiums, few choices, little competition through ObamaCare
WSJ: Terrorists Could Darken U.S. Power Grid; Nets Ignore, Cover Late Princess Diana Instead
WSJ:The Top Five Product Flops of 2013-Can You Believe It? ObamaCare #4! LOL!
WSJ’s Stephen Moore to Join Heritage as Chief Economist (Jim DeMint hires Amnesty Pimp...)
WTF News: Glow-in-the-Dark Pigs Created Using Jelly Fish Genes
WTF of the Week: Paul McCartney Wants a Free T-Shirt
WTO Confirms China Loses Rare-Earths Case
WTVJ Apologizes for ‘Reprehensive Party of Florida’ Graphic
WUWT and WeatherBell help with a weather forecasting request from ice-trapped ship in Antarctica
WV Leads 27 States,Territories in Supreme Court Brief Supporting Citizens’ Rights to Buy, Sell Guns
WV:Reform of Charleston Second Amendment Restrictions goes to Governor
WV:UPDATE: Neighbor Stops Home Invaders by Shooting One and Holding Other at Gunpoint
WVAW: Water Use Ban In Effect Indefinitely (West Virginia)
WW II Band Of Brothers War Hereo Wild Bill Guarnere Dies.
WWE The Ultimate Warrior has died at age 54
WWII Vet Jailed for Not Being Able to Afford Repairs to His Business
WWII codebreaker Alan Turing gets royal pardon for gay conviction
WWII fighter pilot who flew THROUGH the Eiffel Tower to take down a German plane dies in Virginia
WWII veteran William Overstreet Jr. celebrated for flight in France (under Eiffel Tower in dogfight)
WWII veteran's Purple Heart stolen in home invasion
WWII’s Strangest Battle: When Americans and Germans Fought Together
WWRL TO DROP LIBERAL TALK
WYATT EARP AUCTION Famed lawman's guns will go to highest bidder
WaPo Calls Michelle Obama a "First Lady for the Ages"
WaPo Columnist: GOP Governors to Blame for Uninsured ‘Non-Whites’
WaPo Poll: Obama’s big government evangelism collides with big government reality
WaPo suffers self-inflicted wound in the war on the Koch brothers
WaPo's Kliff Lets Obamacare Architect Who Promised Cost Savings Totally Change His Tune
WaPo: 'Every Democrat Should Be Scared' of this Obamacare Ad
WaPo: Every Romney donor we’ve spoken to recently wants Jeb Bush for 2016
WaPo: Obama polling is worse than its topline looks
WaPo: President will still be president, aides say — just in Fla. (Key Largo)
Waco Police: Man Stabs Woman for Bringing Home Pizza Instead of Chicken Sandwich
Wait til you see the body attached to the Obamacare "mom jeans" ad...
Wait, so Lindsey Graham doesn’t like spying now?
Waiter, There's a Black Hole in My Condensed Matter...
Waiting For Huey
Waiting for Jeb [Bush to run in 2016?]
Waiting for the 8th
Waitress Gets ‘Blessed’ With $1,075 Tip On A $29 Bill
Waitress claiming couple didn’t tip because she’s gay gets fired
Waitress in anti-gay receipt dispute issuing refunds to donors [If Obama had a gay daughter]
Wake Me When Someone 'Comes Out' -- As a Black Republican
Wake Up, Rosetta!
Wake up America
Wake up, America
Waking up to Defense Cuts
Wal-Mart Relies On Taxpayers To Subsidize Low Wages
Wal-Mart Stores Hurt by Food Stamp Rollbacks
Wal-Mart Unveils Futuristic Truck
Wal-Mart arrests could fuel “a new political movement of the disenfranchised,” Grayson tells Salon
Wal-Mart botches their new 'Buy America' ad campaign
Wal-Mart forecast disappoints, food-stamp cuts hurt customers
Wal-Mart makes official its reliance on food-stamp recipients for profits
Wal-Mart opens first two District stores [Elitists opposed it. Customers and employees love it.]
Wal-Mart to cut 2,300 workers from Sam's Club stores
Walgreen To Close 76 Unprofitable Stores
Walgreen offers month of prescriptions to backlogged Obamacare enrollees
Walgreens Fires Pharmacist for Refusing to Violate His Religious Beliefs
Walk Off The Earth Covers the Classic Christmas Song ‘Little Drummer Boy’ With Dogs
Walk for Liberty (Beat Lamar Ground Game - January 25)
Walk for Life West Coast asks for help to end the media blackout
Walk in the Light – A Homily for the 4th Sunday of Lent
Walker to tea party: Focus on Dems
Wall Street Analysts: Bitcoin Could Revolutionise the Non-Financial World Too
Wall Street Jumps After Jobs Data Spark Fed Optimism
Wall Street Set to Cap Painful Week with Losses
Wall Street Slammed by Specter of Emerging-Market Contagion
Wall Street adviser: Actual unemployment is 37.2%, 'misery index' worst in 40 years
Wall Street advisor: Actual unemployment is 37.2%, 'misery index' worst in 40 years
Wall Street oblivious to cyber-economic warfare --danger facing America's financial system
Wall Street to fall after jobs data; services eyed (jobs worse than expected)
Wallace: I'm A Coburn/Axelrod 'Groupie'; Coburn: Budget Deal 'Sells Out'
Walmart Employee Shoveling Snow
Walmart Introduces 666 Obamacare RFID Chip Machine
Walmart Revolutionizes Its Fleet With This New Design
Walmart Store Closures in China Disrupt Workers' Lives and Livelihoods
Walmart Will Lay Off 2,300 Sam’s Club Workers
Walmart isn't going after Mom & Pop stores, but are focused on these retailers instead...
Walmart lawsuit regarding 'black people' announcement in Washington Township dismissed
Walmart vs. The Morons.
Walmart: Moving People Up the Income Ladder Through Economic Opportunity
Walt Disney Company to cut funding to Boy Scouts of America over gay policy
Walt Disney World Stops Supporting Boy Scouts Over LGBT Discrimination
Walt Disney, Unlike Actress Emma Thompson, Didn’t Support a Child Rapist
Walter D. Ehlers, one of last surviving WWII Medal of Honor recipients, dies at 92
Wanna know how to smackdown a union protest? Subaru in Wichita gets it done!
Want 8 weeks off a year? Work for the city
Want To End Crony Capitalism In Texas? Repeal Prop 4
Want To Retire With $1 Million? Here's How Much You Need To Be Saving Right Now (Based on your age)
Want an America That Works? Innovate, Don't Regulate
Want to Buy a Machine Gun Without a Background Check? Federal Law Allows It — For Now
Want to Buy a New PC
Want to REALLY tick off a liberal? Slap this bumper sticker on your car...
Want to buy a machine gun without a background check? Federal law allows it — for now
Want to land an IT job in 2014? It helps to be a Linux pro
Want to see at night? Here comes the infrared CONTACT LENS
Wanted by Ecuador, 2 Brothers Make Mark in U.S. Campaigns (donated $90K to Obama)
Wanted man slips up with Facebook post
Wanted: Colorado Springs man who allegedly rode horse while drunk
War Begins: Slandering Conservatives has Started [Empire Strikes Back in No. Virginia Campaign]
War Elephant Myths Debunked by DNA
War Is a Certainty
War Party Oligarch
War Stories: An Interview With David Mamet
War Veteran Obituary: ‘In lieu of flowers, cancel your New York Times subscription’
War fighters, not bureaucrats bear the brunt of cuts
War in The Capital of Capitalism
War in the Trenches (Yale Online Lecture on WWI, John Merriman - video at link)
War on Christmas: Let secular culture have a 'happy holiday' while Christians have a merry Christmas
War on Women
War-Weariness As an Excuse
Wargaming the opening blows of civil war in Connecticut.
Warm Weather Will Delay Finishing Touches On Rose [Pervert] Parade Floats
Warmers Use Magic to Create the Illusion of Science
Warmist fundamentalists ban dissent
Warmtroopers at the Super Bowl
Warner Brothers brings The Hobbit Desolation of Smaug to Blu-ray and DVD
Warning Signs Ignored, Former U.S. ambassador to NATO warned Putin had his eye on Ukraine in 2008
Warning issued on killer heroin: Deadly batch of heroin kills at least 17 in area [barf alert]
Warning signs that Yellowstone may Erupt
Warning: Ignore claims that 3.9 million people signed up for Medicaid because of Obamacare
Warning: don’t use the Kremlin’s loaded lexicon
Warrant application shows Ares Armor referenced in wider investigation
Warren Buffet disses global warming extreme weather fear-mongering
Warren Buffet's Berkshire Hathaway posts record profit in 2013
Warren Buffett Gives Millions to Pay for Abortions
Warren Buffett has some explaining to do ahead of his Annual General Meeting
Warren Buffett’s firm acquiring Phillips 66 unit
Warren Buffett’s liberal display of tax-increase hypocrisy
Warren Mayor Jim Fouts Calls Video Of Him And Young Assistant In Chicago 'An Attack'
Warren is MoveOn.org’s “Progressive Champ” for Her Expand-Social-Security Agenda
Warren, McGovern muster support for extension of jobless benefits
Wars Matter Warren, Even to a Crony Capitalist
Wary Stance From Obama on Ukraine
Was "Babylon The Great" a Symbolic Name for Jerusalem?
Was Babylon The Great a Symbolic Name for Jerusalem? Part II: Mother of Harlots and Sins of Sodom.
Was Colonialism a Positive Force?
Was Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Saved?
Was Eric Holder in charge under Janet Reno during Ruby ridge ? And Waco? Thought he was.
Was Eva Braun of Jewish ancestry?
Was Flight 370 Flying Much Faster
Was Jesus Born on Christmas Day?
Was John saved when he believed in Christ's resurrection in Jn. 20:8? Cleopas & Peter in Lk. 24:34?
Was Justice Roberts’ ObamaCare ruling a curse for Republicans, or a blessing?
Was Kim Jong Un wasted when he started that bloody purge of executions?
Was Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 hacked?
Was Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 Stolen? A Brief Criminological Inquiry
Was Mary Tempted to Doubt God?
Was Mysterious Attack on Calif Power Station a ‘Dress Rehearsal’ for Much Larger Assault on US grid?
Was North Korea's No. 2 Killed For Not Clapping Hard Enough?
Was Obama Stoned for NBC Olympics Interview?
Was Obama stoned during Bob Costas interview?
Was Peter a Pope?
Was Rick Santorum Right About Polygamy After All?
Was The Price Of Ukraine's "Liberation" The Handover Of Its Gold To The Fed?
Was There Really "No Room at the Inn"?
Was Tom Ridge on the Missing Flight?
Was Woman Who Jumped Nude From 15-Story Building Patient Of Renowned Plastic Surgeon?
Was Your Ancestor a Ball of Jelly? Evolution Study Surprises Experts
Was the Fort Hood memorial delayed so Obama could do his "equal pay" crap?
Was the missing Malaysian airliner the victim of a terrorist test run? [VIDEO]
Was this man killed by cops because he camped in the wrong spot?
Was vetoed Arizona bill misrepresented? What constitutional scholars say
Waseca Marine killed by suicide bomber
Wash. students protest gay vice principal's exit
WashPo Embarrasses Itself (#1 Lesson in Reporting: Check your Sources!)
WashPost Boosts Homosexual's Activism Against Catholic Priest Who Denied Sacraments
WashPost Buries GOP Slam of Obama Regarding al Qaeda Resurgence;
WashPost Columnist Rips Catholic Pastor: Foes of Left's LGBT Agenda Should Be 'Marginalized'
WashPost Readers Outraged That the Post Had 'Not One Line in the Paper'
WashPost's Milbank Compares Talk of Impeaching Obama to 'Revenge Killing'
Washer question ((VANITY))
Washing machine uses plastic beads instead of water, reduces electricity by 47%
Washington & Wall Street: Hensarling Charges CFPB with Lack of Transparency
Washington & Wall Street: Income Inequality and Financial Repression
Washington & Wall Street: Too Big to Fail and the Detroit Bankruptcy
Washington City Council Raises Minimum Wage to $11.50
Washington D.C. businessman charged in mayoral campaign probe
Washington Establishment Can't Stamp Out Tea Party, Any More Than the Left Can Stamp Out Christmas
Washington Healthplanfinder Enrollment Climbs to 320,000
Washington Hijinks
Washington Lobbyist Jack Burkman Wants To Ban Gay NFL Players
Washington Man Survives Going Through Wood Chipper
Washington Mudslide Kills Three After Demolishing Homes [50 Miles Northeast Of Seattle)
Washington Post Columnist: Monica Kinda Asked For It
Washington Post Crowdsources 'Gun Violence' Stories for Sandy Hook Anniversary
Washington Post Defames Andrew Breitbart: Bearing false witness against the dead.
Washington Post Falls For Left-Wing Fraud, Embarrasses Itself
Washington Post busted!: Attempt to expose Koch Brothers as Keystone XL beneficiaries found false
Washington Post walks back bogus piece on Koch brothers’ oil sands holdings
Washington Post's Milbank: GOP Won't Go After Sebelius Because She's White
Washington Post: Left's Big Money Men Not 'Organized' Like Koch Brothers
Washington Redskins to fire Mike Shanahan after four seasons as coach
Washington Redskins write scathing response to lawmakers who want team name changed
Washington State Exchange Arbitrarily Debiting Personal Bank Accounts For Obamacare Fees
Washington State Suspends Death Penalty
Washington State scientists making poplars with rose scent
Washington blow dart suspect: “I’m a moron”
Washington hires Boise State’s Chris Petersen to be Huskies’ next head coach
Washington lawmaker calls Arizona 'racist wasteland'
Washington named the 'gayest' city in America (somehow seems appropriate)
Washington one of top states in health care enrollment
Washington sees age drop in health care sign-ups
Washington's Farewell Address 1796
Washington's Man Yatsenyuk Setting Ukraine Up For Ruin (Greece-Style Economy)
Washington's Rotten Core "We Know People"
Washington's three most irrational arguments in 2013
Washington: Egypt Going ‘Way Too Far’ with Brotherhood
Washington’s Blockheads
Washington’s New Islamic Front: Expanded U.S. Support to Al Qaeda Rebels in Syria
Washington’s Real Motto
Washington’s bishops support background checks for gun purchases (WA state)
Wasserman Schultz Says Dem Loss in Special Election Shows GOP Weakness
Wasserman Schultz on Not Yet Enrolling in Obamacare: ‘I’m a Little Busy, So’
Wasserman Schultz op-ed describes Obama
Wasserman Schultz: Millennials Will Gradually Embrace Obamacare And It Will Be "Incredible"
Waste of effort? International environmental agreements
Wastebook 2013 - Senator Coburn's List Of Gov't Boondoggles
Watch "Dirk Nowitzki Gives Conan The Texas Citizenship Test"
Watch American University students fail to name single U.S. senator
Watch Bill de Blasio Get Booed by Mets Fans, Throw a Pretty Good First Pitch Anyway (Sox Fan)
Watch Company Employees Learn Of Increased Health Costs Due To Obamacare
Watch Cory Booker Claim He ‘Drove To Hawaii’ As A Teenager During Climate Talkathon
Watch Delightful Iguana at Puerto Rico Open Attempt to Eat Andrew Loupe's Ball
Watch Inclusive Feminist Conference Organizers Treat Woman Like Garbage For Being Conservative
Watch Jay Leno's Best Comedic Jabs at President Obama: 3 Minutes of Non-Stop Thrashing
Watch Live As Astronauts Fix The Space Station Saturday
Watch Mark Levin’s interview from today on C-SPAN’s Book TV
Watch Obama and Biden Jog At The White House — In Work Shoes, Ties!
Watch Out for 12/11! (Vanity)
Watch Outraged Citizens Excoriate City School Superintendent Over $600,000 Salary
Watch Spacewalkers Friday As They Install Earth Livestream Camera On Station
Watch The March for Life and Be a Part of it
Watch This Woman Steal a MacBook From a San Francisco Cafe
Watch Usain Bolt during U.S. National Anthem (video)
Watch Video: 122 objects discovered in Flight 370 search area
Watch Video: CNN’s mind-boggling interview with Dennis Rodman & Co
Watch What Happens When A Liberal Obama Fan Goes To A Gun Event, The Big Sandy Machine Gun Shoot
Watch What Happens When a Democratic Rep. Decides She Doesn’t Want to Answer Questions About
Watch a 2,400-hp semi slide drift-car style
Watch a man get stunned by the Chaotic Unmanned Personal Intercept Drone
Watch a priest leave this bride and groom speechless—and in tears
Watch an asteroid pass in front of a bright star tomorrow morning from the north east US/Canada
Watch another high school student take down Common Core like a boss
Watch live !!! Bill Nye, the science guy debate Ken Ham from answers in genesis.
Watch out Eurocrats, here come the Pirates!
Watch snowflakes form and melt on a microscopic level
Watch terrifying moment passenger jet has to ditch landing after turning SIDEWAYS due to high winds
Watch the Colts whip the Chiefs LIVE online for free at NBC Sports
Watch the Moon Meet Venus in the Dawn this Wednesday
Watch the Ukrainian TV News Live Here
Watch these workers' faces as they realize what ObamaCare does to them
Watch this NY police officer threaten to ticket someone for washing a car in their own driveway
Watch this guy explore Detroit's abandoned Packard Plant on a dirt bike.
Watch what Happens when a Pair of Girls Open-Carry in a Walmart
Watch what happens when Obama picks a top donor as ambassador
Watch: Crazy Ending to ‘Wheel of Fortune’ Leaves Pat Sajak Speechless
Watch: Employees in Pennsylvania Company Learn of Increased Health Costs Due to Obamacare
Watch: IAF Wipes Out Islamist Rocket Squad
Watch: Jim Harbaugh Drain A 3-Point Shot -- In Khakis
Watch: MKs Visit Jordan Valley, Express Support
Watch: Marlins’ Giancarlo Stanton blasts home run into stratosphere
Watch: Obama spars in deadpan on Galifianakis' 'Ferns' [Man-Child comedy vid while economy sinks]
Watch: Rand Paul's Entire Speech at UC Berkeley
Watch: The great White House Benghazi cover-up in 3 minutes flat
Watchdog finds IRS employees promoted Obama in 2012
Watchdog groups criticize White House secrecy over Obamacare event
Watchdog report: EPA didn’t properly disclose noxious pollutant risks to study participants
Watched this movie tonight after cancelling my directv.
Watchers
Watching Duck Dynasty Marathon on A & E instead of Oscar nonsense!!
Watching God's Heavens—What is He Saying through Blood Moon Tetrads and Solar Eclipses?
Water Heater Rescue
Water Park Underwhelms the Masses (ordered to attend)
Water tower suit involving Exxon’s CEO prompts a fracking fracas [NOT anti-fracking]
Water use lawsuit misses the big picture.
Waterloo at Fort Lee?
Waterloo: Obama now below 40 percent approval on nearly every issue polled
Watson: US Should Move Forward with LNG, Crude Exports
Watters' World Crashes Miley Cyrus Concert: "Who's the Vice President?"
Waxman: One-Percenters are Bad, Unless They’re in Congress
Wayne Madsen
Wayne State University offers college course on Detroit bankruptcy
Wayward Bull Nabbed in Rohnert Park
We Are Never Alone -- A story of a Miracle Birth
We Are Not "All God's Children"
We Are Not Locked in a New Cold War, but China and Russia are Bringing Back Cold War Tactics.
We Are Not Partnering With Benny Hinn, Liberty University Clarifies
We Are The Problem
We Asked A Military Expert If All The World's Armies Could Shut Down The US
We Couldn’t Even Make This Up: Dem Senator Was Just Arrested For Gun Running
We Don't Have to Read the Book or See the Movie to Know Heaven Is Real
We Just Learned CEO Satya Nadella's Master Plan For Microsoft
We Lost Our House In A Fire, Monday
We Lost True North: The Epidemic of Violence in the U.S. Not Caused by Guns or Knives
We Must Finish The Job
We Must Reject Liberalism's Economic Death Sentence on America
We Need a Debate about the Size of Government, but It Helps to Understand Basic Fiscal Facts
We Need a Spiritual Revolution!
We Need “Poverty Porn” on American TV
We Pretend to Teach, They Pretend to Learn (at college)
We Support the Pro-Life Girl Scout Cookie Boycott
We Told You So: McDonnell, Christie Dumped Tea Party Long Ago
We Want To #CancelColbert [Liberal non-whites turn on liberal white]
We are all Phil Robinson now
We are in a police state now
We ask for the resignation of Fr. Volpi, commissioner of the Franciscans of the Immaculate
We can’t dissent against 'new gay orthodoxy’, says Christian charity [UK]
We deserve better than Fox News
We don't have a special "Congress Day," but if we did...
We have yet to see the worst of ObamaCare
We know what you’re thinking: Scientists find a way to read minds
We laugh at naked bodies and take apple butter from old ladies': Ex-TSA agent confirms...
We may already know how we will cure death—but should we?
We must continue spending to supply our military with Tomahawk missiles, says … Rand Paul?
We must stand up for Middle East's persecuted Christians
We need answers to Rush questions
We need to amend the constitution — Kamya
We need your continuing support to keep FR going strong. [FReepathon thread VIII]
We should send many large ships to Cuba every day and offer U.S. citizenship to every...
We shouldn't hold people accountable for being "young and dumb," but this is an exception...
We the people can nullify the unconstitutional ObamaCare ourselves!! Refuse to submit to tyranny!!
We want a United States of Europe, says top EU official
We want out of Ukraine: Donetsk protesters dig in at government building
We ‘Hype’ Alien World Findings Amid Little Data, Exoplanet Scientist Says
We're Losing the War On Poverty Because Our Schools Turn Boys Into Eunuchs
We're Seeing It Everywhere: Smoked Beer
We're Starting To See Some Economic Green Shoots In The US
We're all rich in America
We're being dragged into a new Cold War by a puffed-up bullfrog (and I don't mean President Putin)
We're looking at 2.5 million discouraged workers thanks to ObamaCare
We're more likely to believe in the supernatural than God?:..(UK)
We've been splitting wood all wrong
WeHo Bar To ‘Deny Entry’ To Lawmakers Who Back Anti-Gay Legislation
WeLikeShooting Podcast Monthly Shooting Challenge
Weak jobs data renew growth fears
Weak-Kneed on the Health Care Mandate
Wealth gap is widest in some affluent US cities
Wealthy Child Rapist Given Probation As Judge Felt He Would ‘Not Do Well’ in Jail
Wealthy Liberal Leads Iowa GOP Primary (the Mike Castle of Iowa)
Wealthy environmentalists push Democrat Harry Reid to lean-in to green energy
Wearily back to the battlefield (Ukraine and Russia)
Weary Obama seeks Hawaii sun's waking touch
Weather Channel Says Safety at Risk in Dispute
Weather Channel meteorologist Jim Cantore knees video bomber in groin
Weather or Not?
Weather seems to blame for U.S. slowdown, Fed's Yellen says
Weather slows construction of clean coal plant in Oklahoma
Webcam: Phoebe the adorable hummingbird raising her babies.
Webcams See All (Tortoise, Watch Your Back)
Webinar Q&A: Manufacturing Opportunity in the New Industrial Revolution
Website of Top House Republican Drops Opposition to Amnesty
Websites Compromised?
Websites of Venetian, Palazzo casinos hacked
Weed Could Block H.I.V.’s Spread. No, Seriously.
Week 14 NFLK Live Thread
Week 15 NFL Live Thread
Week 16 NFL Live Thread
Weekend Box Office [Noah #1; "God's Not Dead" CRUSHES Commie-Loving Movie "Cesar Chavez"]
Weekend Report: 'Hobbit,' 'Frozen' Top 'Wolf,' 'Mitty' on Final Weekend of 2013
Weekend Report: Burgundy Beaten by Bilbo
Weekend respite from it all I have a (vanity) question...
Weekly COMEX Gold Inventories: Huge Gold Withdrawal From JPMorgan Warehouse Headed East
Weekly Garden Thread Volume 12 March 21, 2014
Weekly Jobless Claims Rise More than Expected by 16,000
Weekly Jobless Claims Rise to 348,000
Weekly Jobless Claims Unexpectedly Rise to 348K
Weekly Natural Gas Storage Report [21-Feb-2014]
Weekly Natural Gas Storage Report [For 2-14-2014]
Weekly Natural Gas Storage Report for 7-Feb-2014 [Oops]
Weekly Post of Republican Senators' Conservative Ratings
Weekly Post of Republican Senators' Conservative Ratings (updated to include ACU)
Weekly Post of Republican Senators' Voting Records
Weekly Post of Senate Republicans' Conservative Ratings
Weekly Preppers Thread
Weekly US jobless claims drop 42K to 338K
Weekly jobless claims drop sharply to 323,000 as layoffs ease (Three month low)
Weenie Wagon Woes [Englewood, NJ forces hot dog truck to move every 15 minutes]
Wehby Taps Out-of-State Cash (or, How to elect a Rino in Oregon)
Weidman dominates first, then Silva leg break ends fight in TKO (UFC)
Weiner: Let’s face it, Hillary’s arguably the most qualified presidential candidate in U.S. history
Weird 'Gravity Waves' in Venus Clouds Spotted by Spacecraft
Weird 'UFO' Light on Mars May Just Be a Shiny Rock, NASA Says
Weird Black Hole's Incredible Brightness Perplexes Scientists
Weird Question - Need help finding name of bathroom shower/window curtain line
Weird Stocking Stuffer: Bacon Deodorant
Weird… California City of 150,000 Rolls Out Armored Death Machine Complete with Machine Gun Turret
Welcome Janet: Worst February Start For Stocks In 32 Years
Welcome Maria Bartiromo, to Fox Business News (on now)
Welcome To Terminus
Welcome the Hip-Hop World into the Conservative Tent
Welcome to Hampton, the small Florida town that could get erased
Welcome to Jobless America
Welcome to Medicaid for All
Welcome to Russia: Police choir sings Daft Punk's “Get Lucky” at Sochi opening ceremonies
Welcome to The Reign of “Gay”
Welcome to The Reign of “Gay” #UninstallFirefox
Welcome to the Era of Failed States
Welcome to the Obama world
Welcome to the Predatory State of California--Even If You Don't Live There
Welcome to the Presidential Race, Hillary
Welcome to the United Police States of America: Federal Agents Taser Bundy Ranch Protestors
Welcome to the coldest village on Earth where the temperature can hit -71.2C, mobiles don't work...
Welfare Payout Statistics That Will Make You Really Angry
Welfare Recipients Caught Spending EBT Money On Lavish Hawaiian Vacations
Welfare Recipients Take EBT to Disney World and Vegas
Welfare State Madness
Welfare Stoners: $5,475 Withdrawn on Food Stamp Cards in Colorado Pot Stores
Welfare Without the State
Welfare cash pulled from ATMs inside Colorado pot shops
Welfare recipients given gift cards as incentive to do to dentist
Welfare spending: how Britain outstrips Europe
Welfare's ultimate destination
Well, I'll Cry Tomorrow: Medea, Debo Get No R-S-P-E-C-T
Well-Kept Secret: New London, Conn. Mayor Has Apologized for Kelo Property Seizures
Wellmont looking at future options (East TN and Southwest VA---Obamacare strikes again!)
Wells Fargo cuts 700 mortgage jobs
Wells Fargo in $591 million deal with Fannie Mae
Wells Fargo, America's Largest Bank By Market Cap, Pushing To Offer Bitcoin Services
Wells report: Richie Incognito, John Jerry, Pouncey harassed Martin
Wendy Davis Backers Caught on Tape Making Fun of Greg Abbott for Being Paralyzed
Wendy Davis Blames Her Opponent for News Story Questioning Her Biography
Wendy Davis Campaign Apologizes to Greg Abbot By Smearing James O'Keefe III
Wendy Davis Campaign Logo Changes from Sinking Ship to Plagiarism
Wendy Davis Exaggerates Success Story: "I Need to Focus More on Details"
Wendy Davis Gave Up Custody of Youngest Daughter in 2005 Divorce
Wendy Davis Has a Problem With the Truth [because she needs to be "Julia"]
Wendy Davis Letter: I Experienced “Discomfort” Pushing Late-Term Abortions
Wendy Davis Lies, Media Snores
Wendy Davis Loses Half of Border Counties to Pro-Life Democrat
Wendy Davis Now Supports Open Carry
Wendy Davis Omits Mention of Abortion from Campaign Website
Wendy Davis Outrages Democrats with Open Carry Support
Wendy Davis Sued Newspaper for Damaging Her Mental Health, Future Prospects
Wendy Davis Uses Fringe Insults to Evade Reasonable Critics and Legitimate Questions
Wendy Davis Will Cause the Democrats to Divert Resources to Georgia
Wendy Davis accused of “betrayal” on abortion
Wendy Davis backs 20-week abortion ban that defers to women
Wendy Davis backs gay marriage, challenges Greg Abbott
Wendy Davis calling for supporters to "have her back" and "Stand With Wendy"
Wendy Davis calls on Greg Abbott to stop defending same-sex marriage ban
Wendy Davis cruises to victory in primary, but faces long odds in general election
Wendy Davis endorsed by ‘sugar daddy’ dating service
Wendy Davis following Elizabeth Warren family-defense and press-control scripts
Wendy Davis gains nothing from engaging Bristol Palin on the subject of responsible motherhood
Wendy Davis has no future in politics
Wendy Davis has two million-dollar donors
Wendy Davis hits back at Bristol Palin
Wendy Davis is Planned Parenthood’s conscience — not America’s
Wendy Davis reports big donations from Planned Parenthood allies, Greg Abbott .....
Wendy Davis says she supports medical marijuana
Wendy Davis's Struggles
Wendy Davis's Vogue Profile: An Elitist Wolf in Populist Sheep's Clothing
Wendy Davis, Elizabeth Warren prove poor fits as feminist leaders
Wendy Davis, unmasked
Wendy Davis: 'Texas is not really a red state'
Wendy Davis: Actually, I support banning abortion after 20 weeks with a few exceptions
Wendy Davis: Gun Clinger?
Wendy Davis: “Politics is war” ("right?")
Wendy Davis: “empowerment” and the poor little woman; “struggle” and the man
Wendy Davis’ Campaign Just Started a War with the TX Press Corps (Update: TX Media Explode in Rage)
Wendy Davis’ Daughters Write Open Letters To Texans
Wendy Davis’ Media Fail
Wendy Davis’ Open Carry announcment may cost her any chance of winning
Wendy Davis’ ethics complaints [rolling in]: substance or strategy?
Wendy Davis’ ex-husband: “They’ve asked me not to talk to reporters”
Wendy Davis’ snobby campaign pities single moms and trailer park folks
Wendy Davis’s Journey From Amateur to Obscene
Wendy Davis’s Media Meltdown
Wendy Sherman to Israel: Don't Make Iran Talks Harder
Wendy vs. Sarah: A Thought Experiment (Satire)
Went the Day Well? (1942 movie)
Were Jesus & the early Christians socialists?
Were Pelosi, Feinstein, Boxer, etc given chance to scrub Internet of pic's with Sen. Leland Yee?
Were We Good Samaritans or Insufferable Busybodies?
Werewolf Diet: Will Juice Cleanses During Full Moons Help you lose Weight?
Wesleyan Begins Returning Native American Artifacts
West Africa Ebola outbreak among 'most challenging' ever: WHO
West Antarctic Ice Melt; Water or Fire?
West Boca Raton man proudly flies KKK, confederate flags [New York transplant in Florida]
West Columbia (SC) paratrooper dies in Afghanistan
West Hollywood's increasing diversity inspires mixed emotions
West L.A. Gangster Mocks Mother of Teen He Murdered
West Nile virus may have met its match: tobacco
West Point cadets take journey through Jersey City's cultural melting pot
West Point's Fumble
West Texas Oil Flood
West Virginia Begins to Lift Water Ban
West Virginia Citizens Defense League Files For Injunction Against the City of Charleston
West Virginia Committee Passes Bill Banning Abortions After 20 Weeks
West Virginia Democrats Kill Bill Banning Abortions After 20 Weeks
West Virginia House Passes Abortion Bill
West Virginia Inmate Charged With Threatening President
West Virginia Rep. Capito May Tip Senate to GOP
West Virginia Senate: Capito (R) 49%, Tennant (D) 35%
West Virginia chemical spill prompts state of emergency, water ban in 8 counties
West Virginia: Three Daycare Centers Close in Part Because of ObamaCare
West Virginia’s “Pro-Life” Governor Vetoes Bill Banning Abortions After 20 Weeks
West and Russia accuse each other of 'coercing' Ukraine
West celebrates WWI cavalrymen India forgot
West has discussed co-operation with Syria, Damascus claims
West warns Russia amid rising tensions in Crimea
WestJet converts to metric time
Westboro Baptist Church Leader Fred Phelps a Democrat
Westboro Baptist Church To Protest Fred Phelps' Funeral, Says Daughter
Westboro Baptist Church founder Fred Phelps Sr. “on the edge of death,” son says
Westboro Baptist Church founder Fred Phelps: The Unsung Hero of the Gay Rights Movement
Westboro Baptist Church to picket Oklahoma liquor store over sign mocking Fred Phelps' death
Westboro Baptist Will Find Justification To Continue, Pastor's Son Says
Westboro church founder Fred Phelps dies
Westborough to participate in Worcester gun ‘buy-back” program
Westchester County Executive, Republican Rob Astorino to Announce Bid for NY Governor
Western Arrogance and Decline
Western Iowan Hoefling hopes to challenge Branstad in primary
Western Journalist Killed in Afghanistan
Western Union (WU) Decline Continues on Bitcoin-Related Concerns
Western countries alarmed as Libya slides towards chaos
Western drought spells killer grocery bills
Western leaders wearing Winnie’s Necklace to Mandela Memorial
Western residents face threat of water rationing as feds reduce water flow
Westfield State class plans protest at West Spfld HS after 3 Muslim sisters said they were bullied
Westfield murder suspect was ex-employee of victim's husband (mother, daughter killed)
Westminster Dog Show contender found breast cancer, saved owner’s life
Westminster Kennel Club Host: Portuguese Water Dogs Require Owners Of "Equal Intelligence"
Westmoreland grocer wants to clear up gay rights controversy (Oregon)
Wet Beach-Blanket Bingo Is Bad for Bonfires, Dude
We’ll Permanently Crush Boko Haram In Nigeria – Jonathan
We’re All Going to Starve…By 2030… or 2040ish at the Latest
We’re Back to the “Next Fight”
We’re Up To The Final Four - And The Final 24 for Obamacare.
We’re Waiting, Mr. President (w/Video)
Whacky Michelle Obama Quotes
What "Surge"? ObamaCare Enrollments Remain Dangerously Below 60 Percent Of Target
What 3 Republicans would you trade for what 3 democrats?
What A 2nd Amendment Supporter Did To An ATF Booth Will Make You Laugh
What Adopting a Child from Africa Taught Me about America
What America's Budget Looks Like
What American Generals Knew About Peace
What Americans Don't Know About Science
What Are ETFs? (Exchange traded funds)
What Are Justice Stevens’s Proposed Six Amendments?
What Are the Best Excuses for Being Late to Work?
What Are the Republican Alternatives to Obamacare?
What Boehner was (Probably) Thinking During Every Awkward Face at SOTU
What CNN en español did not show tonight or how part of the truth is hidden by media
What Can Educators do to End White Supremacy in the Classroom? (Not A Joke)
What Can New Pilots Make? Near Minimum Wage
What Catastrophe?
What Changes and What Doesn't
What Christmas Would Be Like If Men And Women Switch Their Roles
What Contemporary Music Do You Recommend?? Break Out Of The Classic Rock Rut!!
What Could Go Wrong? Pew Research: Millennials are underemployed, unhitched, and unchurched
What Could Have Entered the Public Domain on January 1, 2014?
What Did Kobe Bryant Say About Trayvon Martin that has Liberals Shocked?
What Did Obama Tell Geithner about S&P?
What Did Obama Tell Us On Spying?
What Difference Does it Make?
What Do I Know About Corrupt Cops? My Family Owned a Few.
What Do Liberals Say to a Black Conservative?
What Do They Say Is Coming In 2014? Top Financial Prognosticators Speak Out
What Do White House Press Secretary Jay Carney and Soviet-Era Propaganda Have in Common?
What Do You See?
What Does Mexico’s President Know That President Obama Doesn’t?
What Does The Fox Say?
What Drives Success? (Why are some ethnic groups in America doing better than others?)
What EPA Overregulation Means For U.S. Manufacturing
What Economic Development Transparency Should Look Like
What Else Did He See There?...Rev 4-6 pt 5
What Ever Became of Advent Fasting And Penance?
What Exactly Happened in the February Consistory? Majority of Cardinals Against Kasper Doctrine
What Fainting Looks like...Luke 18 pt 7
What Frank Marshall Davis and Vladimir Putin have in common
What GLAAD and Muslim Extremists Have in Common
What Gibson Guitars Did with the Wood the Government Returned
What Goes Up…
What Happened to the Cold Case Posse announcement today?
What Happened to the Virgin Mary After Pentecost? [Catholic/Orthodox Caucus)
What Happens If A US President Stops Speaking, And Nobody Claps
What Happens When American Teenagers Can't Find Work
What Happens When Teachers, Delivery People And Fast Food Workers Don’t Care Anymore…
What Happens to America’s Aborted Babies?: Incineration, sewers, and landfills.
What Hard Drive Should I Buy?
What Has Roe Done?
What Has the Times Done to Mrs. Clinton?
What Hitler and Obama Tell Us About the Antichrist
What I Learned Fighting Poverty in Little Rock
What I Learned Negotiating With Steve Jobs [Heidi Roizen]
What I Thought When I Saw The Christ the Redeemer Photo...
What I learned on the Highway of Death in Iraq - Allen West
What IT skills and roles will be in demand this year (2014)? Recruiters share the scoop.
What If Buying Coffee Was Like Buying ObamaCare?
What If Future GOP Prez Played By Obama Rules? (Good read)
What If Hillary Clinton Doesn't Run?
What If No Doctor Will See You?
What If Pearl Harbor Happened Today...
What If a Republican Congressman Got Outed and Nobody Cared?
What Iraq and Afghanistan Vets Think of Obama
What Is Autism Spectrum Disorder?
What Is Russia’s Aim in Ukraine?
What Is Your 'Back 16 Japan'?
What Jobs Will the Robots Take?
What Kind of Fool am I?
What Makes Obama a Creep? My discussion with annoying libs
What Meanings of All 50 State Names
What Meatballs Are Like Around the World
What Motivates the Left, Envy or Greed?
What Obama doesn’t get about income inequality
What Obama has done to us: Iran Picks One-Time Embassy Captor its Next UN Envoy
What Obama still hasn't figured out about being President
What Obama still hasn't figured out about being president
What Obama told Senate Democrats at retreat (only game RATS discussed - 2014 midterm elections)
What Obama's 'Making Sure' of
What Obamacare Coverage Costs Congressmen
What Pakistan Knew About Bin Laden
What Percent of the Population is Gay? More Than You Think. (BS alert)
What Pet Friendly Hotels Don’t Want You to Know
What Pilots Think About The Crazy New Theory That The Missing Malaysia Jet Used Another Jet To Hide
What Planned Parenthood Wants to Forget in 2013
What Pop Star Lady Gaga Did on Stage Thursday Night Has Some Calling It Downright ‘Sick’ (GRAPHIC)
What Pope Francis Can Teach the GOP
What Popes Can and Can’t Do
What Principles Rule the GOP? : It's Rhetoric vs Practice
What Putin Is Afraid Of Of all the questions, the greatest concern what Russians call their 9/11.
What Putin and Obama Do and Don’t Have in Common
What Real Women Want
What Really Happened to Michael Rockefeller
What Recovery? Sbarro Pizza Joint Closing 155 Stores Across North America
What Remains of the Christians of the East (up to date map of churches)
What Republicans and Democrats Don’t Understand About The Insurance Company ‘Bailout’
What Right-to-Work Means: A view from a union contract
What Role Can be Played by Sharia Law in Contemporary Britain?
What Russia Really Wants (Putin's End-Game In Ukraine Alert)
What Santa Should Bring for RINOs, Twerkers and Liberals
What Sarah Palin gets totally wrong about MLK Day and the 'race card' (Must've hit a nerve)
What Sebelius's Exit Means for Obama [ Obama needs plausible deniability over the numbers ]
What Secrets Your Phone Is Sharing About You
What Slime Mold Can Teach Us About Fixing Our Highways
What That Coca-Cola Ad Tells Us About Americanism
What The GOP Should Do.Run On "Democrat Income Inequality".
What The Hell?
What The Pope Doesn't Know
What This Newborn Does After Birth Is a Beautiful Testament of the Bond Between Mother and Baby
What Took You So Long, CNN? (Piers Morgan's show cut.)
What Trailergate Could Mean for Davis in 2018
What Type of Person Does This?
What U.S. states have the highest and lowest taxes?
What Veterans Miss Most
What Was Charles Dickens Really Doing When He Wrote 'A Christmas Carol'?
What Was Your First Thought While Watching the SOTU?
What We Found in a Boston Children’s Hospital Policy Manual About Research on ‘Wards of the State’
What We Have Learned From The Duck Dynasty Controversy
What We Learned In Crimea (Putin Won With Spetnaz Troops Alert)
What We’re Doing In Steubenville
What We’ve Built
What White People Don’t See When They Watch Basketball
What Will It Take?
What Will Radical Liberals Deem Racist Next?,"White Snow"?,A "White Christmas"?
What Will The "Desperate Left"Do Next?,Racial Overtones When ABC Aires "The Grinch Who Stole Xmas"?
What Will Your Paycheck be in 2014
What World War I Did to the Middle East
What Would An Eruption Of The Yellowstone Supervolcano Look Like?
What Would Happen If A Giant Tsunami Hit Florida?
What Would Karl Marx Do? Faith Leaders Enter The Minimum Wage Debate
What Would Reagan Do?
What Would The GOP Do With A House-Senate Majority In 2015?
What Would You Select As Your Last Meal ?
What You Always Wanted To Know About Obama's Iran Nuclear Deal (But Were Afraid To Ask)
What You Need To Know About Taxes In 2014: Expired Tax Breaks, Obamacare Penalties & More
What You Need to Know About Tesla Motors' Big Plans for the Chinese Auto Market
What You Need to Know About the Left's Big Issue for 2014
What You Were Never Told About Obamacare
What Your Healthcare Professional Doesn't Know About Abortion Breast Cancer Link
What a Liturgical Order of Smithmas Sacrament Meeting Might look like! [Vanity, Part B]
What a Union Looks Like in a RTW State
What a great photo
What a small, brave company could accomplish
What are You Praying About? Is it what God wants you to to pray about? Really?
What are celibacy, chastity, and continence? 9 things to know and share
What are the union front organizations known as 'worker centers'?
What became of the other two?
What can a mere rifle do?
What can the USA do in three and a half years?
What concerts/musical performances did you attend in 2013?
What conservatives can learn fm Hollywood:Good stories told well can influence political perspective
What did Hillary know - and when did she know it - concerning Def. Sec. Gate's tell-some memoir?
What did Hillary really accomplish at State?
What did Jesus say about homosexuality?
What do Christians think of retail stores being open on holidays, including Christmas?
What do real conservatives want in a candidate? Here is my list
What do the Stages of Starvation have to teach us about the demise of the West?
What do the jobless do when the benefits end?
What do you do with a mother who does the unthinkable?
What do you think about lawmakers going to shooting ranges? (poll)(to FReep)
What does Bangkok explosion mean for antigovernment protests?
What does Nancy Pelosi's family pay the workers in the wine vineyards?
What does Palin have to do with feminism?
What does Scripture mean by the term “The Flesh” ??
What does Vladimir Putin want next?
What does a dolphin use to get high? A toxic puffer fish that makes them lapse into trancelike state
What does it matter which party you're registered for?
What does the West owe to Ukraine?
What ecosystem greeted the first human settlers in the northern Caribbean?
What else can go wrong? - VANITY
What else can go wrong? - VANITY [Prayer thread-Moderator]
What exactly does Freedom of the Press mean?
What experiences have you had with CFL and LED bulbs?
What game should I download?
What happened to 2ndDivisionVet?
What happened to Falcon 9 launch today
What happened to the American Dream?
What happened to the missing Malaysian flight? A visual guide
What happens at a (Catholic) bishop's ordination?
What happens when jobless benefits are cut? North Carolina may offer some clues?
What happens when your son tells you he's really a girl
What has a shadowy US government spy agency just shot into space?
What has happened to flash videos?
What if Americans rebel against the Obamacare mandate?
What if Coffee Were Like ObamaCare? (Video Cartoon)
What if Secrecy Trumps the Constitution?
What if both parties are the same?
What if interest on the national debt skyrockets? Threat looms over Washington’s budget
What if the Germans had won the first world war?
What if......
What is Bill Clinton saying to the "flirting" Obama and Biden?
What is Capital Gains ?
What is Going On With Jobs? We are not just talking about a bad month.
What is Lois hiding?
What is Really Going on in the Ukraine (good perspective)
What is Sacred Music? Historically it’s a bit more complex than you may think.
What is a Capitalist?
What is a Human Right
What is a false prophet? "Ravenous wolves?"
What is going on in the Virginia state legislature?
What is it with Democrats attacking Republicans’ service to the nation?
What is life like for Dems after Obama? Perhaps not so easy.
What is sizzurp? Justin Bieber reportedly addicted to dangerous drink
What is the Problem with Posting comments?
What is the US Navy doing in the Black Sea?
What is the difference between Woody Allen and Bill Clinton?
What is the meaning of life?
What is the real State of the Union? These 13 graphs show it.
What is the scrap value of a Boeing 777?
What is this little girl saying to Obama?
What is wrong with this guy? He is such a jerk! He is a repeat offender!
What is wrong with this picture ?
What is your all time favourite piece of music?
What killed the liberal radio star?
What lies behind the protests in Venezuela? (Brief and simple outline of events)
What makes 'Smithmas' Smithmas? [Vanity]
What methods do Amish leaders use to deal with inward sins when the youth return after Rumspringa?
What movie is this?
What now for Pelosi?
What safety standards will Colorado implement for recreational pot grown by licensed retailers?
What should Congress Do?
What the Book of Ecclesiastes has to Say About the Foolishness of our Times
What the Book of Proverbs has to say to us of the times in which we live
What the Charlotte Controversy Reveals About the Acceptance of Catholic Teaching
What the Charlotte controversy reveals about the acceptance of Catholic teaching
What the Crisis Taught Us: More Bubbles! We Need Bigger Bubbles!
What the Crisis in Ukraine Means for Its 70,000 Jews
What the Defenestration of Brendan Eich Portends
What the GOP Does with a Supermajority: North Carolina tells us what to expect
What the Government Got You This Year (in Pictures)
What the Heck… Karl Rove Warns Republicans to Stop Attacking Obamacare?
What the IRS Bitcoin Tax Guidelines Mean For You
What the Monuments Men Wrought
What the Pope Said – and Didn’t Say – About Skipping Mass (Catholic Caucas)
What the Pope's Really Saying
What the Post-American World Will Look Like (If 8 years of Obama are topped by 8 years of Hillary)
What the West Must Do. Now
What the future holds: US futurist Peter Diamandis on the shape of things to come ("Abundance")
What the heck is Michelle Obama doing in this video? [VIDEO]
What the hell is Obama's presidency for? Ascent had meaning, but now his interventions are too rare
What the pope really meant was... ["Conservative" vs "Trad" interpretations of Pope Francis]
What the sign langauge interpreter really was saying
What the undocumented community needs out of immigration reform
What they're saying about Obama's NSA speech
What this jobs report means for Dems and midterm elections
What three movie characters so you hate the most?
What time is appropriate to begin snow throwing (mechanically) on a Sunday morning?
What to Do When ObamaCare Unravels
What to Expect in 2014
What to Give Obama for President's Day
What to Look for Today at the Fed
What to make of Johnny Manziel's 32 score on the Wonderlic?
What we can do about A & E...
What we can learn about suffering in the story of Joseph, the Patriarch.
What we've learned from Sandy Hook
What will Google and Bing do for Christmas?
What will Obama do about Ukraine with Vladimir Putin's hand on his throat?
What will it take to kick North Korea out of the U.N.?
What would Walt say? The Disney Channel debuts its first ever same sex couple on the...
What would a U.S.-China war look like?
What would the GOP do about Ukraine?
What you need to know for the Seahawks victory parade (Calling All Seahawk Fans)
What you won't hear during Black History Month
What you'll always end up saying when you talk to an Obama voter...
What you'll find at the center of what liberals believe is literally the opposite of truth...
What “60 Minutes” Didn’t Say About Russia
What's Behind Russia's Aggression
What's Going On In Venezuela?
What's Happening to the Internet?
What's Race Got to Do With It?
What's So Weird About a Conservative Atheist?
What's The Best Computer/Company ?
What's The Only Job Left In America Where You Can Safely Oppose Same-Sex Marriage?
What's Wrong With Inequality?
What's Your Dog Thinking? Researchers At Yale Want To Know
What's a Million Jobs More or Less When There's So Many Jobs Being Created?
What's an Olivette man doing running pro-gun website?
What's at stake in Sebelius v. Hobby Lobby
What's going on at Air Force Academy? God's word vs. Pentagon's word
What's killing my yeast?
What's really happening in the Ukraine.
What's that? New rock in Mars rover photos baffles scientists, fans
What's the Update on Rev. Billy Graham?
What's the deal with Joyce Meyer?
What's the one best NEW book you've read this year?
What's the point of regulating lemonade stands?
What's up with yahoo.com's two women gender signs?
What's with Anderson Cooper?
What's with the Yahoo icon today?
What's your favorite movie about aviation?
What's your favorite really obscure fantasy/sf novel?
Whatever Happened to Medical Malpractice Reform?
WhatsApp founder’s journey from food stamps to fortune
What’s $1.1 Trillion between bipartisan friends?
What’s Behind The Growing Pile Of Dead Banker Bodies? Here's a background of some of the dead...
What’s Behind the UN Attack on the Church?
What’s Next on Keystone XL Pipeline: More waiting (State Dept. report released)
What’s Not to Love?… Duck Dynasty Star Snubs Barbara Walters to Go Hunting
What’s So Special About John Calvin?
What’s Wrong with America’s Kids? A Look at Christmas Then (1913) and Now (2013)
What’s a Little Vote Fraud?
What’s a few hundred million dollars between friends?
What’s ahead for Baptist life in 2014?
What’s behind Illinois’ employment collapse?
What’s behind a fair minimum wage? | As It Turns Out ($15 'not necessarily socialism')
What’s behind epidemic of financial industry suicides?
What’s blocking Bertha: a long steel pipe
What’s the Big Deal about Common Core State Standards?
What’s the Hold-up? Stuck in Slime for a Billion Years
What’s the Only Thing More Amazing Than What This Hollywood Star Did? The Group of People
What’s the most expensive ingredient in beer? Taxes! (VIDEO)
Wheelblades: Helping People In Wheelchairs Stay Active In The Snow
When All Else Fails, Nail Yourself To The Cross
When Ariel Sharon Welcomed a Roman Catholic’s Prayers
When Bad Things Happen to Stupid People – Obama And The Millennials
When Barack Obama Stands Firm
When Barry Met Kathy
When Beliefs are Non-Falsifiable and Infallible
When Character Counted
When Conventional Success Is No Longer Possible, Degrowth And The Black Market Beckon
When Death and Hell Ride...Rev 4-6 pt 13
When Failure is Success
When George Clooney Starts Pitching Government Bonds...
When Heroes Disappoint
When His Fellow Security Guard Ran for Cover, Eric Wasson Stood Alone Against a Gunman
When Hollywood's right wing was cool
When I found out my wife was pregnant with our 9th, I wasn’t happy: then something happened…
When Ignorance Is an Excellent Excuse: Stop fining and jailing unwitting criminals.
When Lawyers Play Economist: 4 Reasons the Economy Faces Trouble in 2014
When Life Hurts
When May I Shoot a Student?
When News is Slow; The Truth May Never Arrive
When Obama Rewrites Obamacare, Why Doesn't Anyone Sue Him? Senator Mike Lee explains.
When Obama adm. says "Benghazi attack not core Al-Qaeda" do they mean Outer/Inner, Mantle or Crust?
When People Give Up Looking for Work, What Do They Do?
When Presidents Stand Firm
When Putin Met Reagan
When Resistance Becomes Duty
When Ronnie Met Vlady: Reagan’s Unlikely Encounter with Putin as a KGB Agent
When Sportsmanship Trumps Cereal Boxes
When The Government Targets Constitutionalists
When The Moon Hits Your Eye Like A Big Pizza Pie, That’s Hillary Clinton
When They Come For Your Guns, You Will Turn Them Over
When Two Lesbians Walk Into a Church Seeking Trouble
When U.S. Steps Back, Will Russia and China Control the Internet?
When Will America End Cash-for-Visas Racket?
When Will Our Leaders Speak Out? (video)
When Will Social Conservatives Stop Demanding Special Rights?
When Will We Become Interstellar?
When You Read What Abortion Activists Are Up to at the UN, Your Blood Will Boil
When You Realize U Can't Get Your Old Policy Back and You're Stuck With ObamaCare
When a Child is King, No Peace and No Prosperity
When a panic room is no longer enough: The 'billionaire bunkers' w/ recognition software...
When an MSNBC monkey beats his chest about debating the GOP he gets put in his place...
When do we finally stop the harassment of little boys by school administrators?
When does only one penny make you a big spender? When you're spending it on this...
When elite US forces strapped nukes to their backs
When getting a math problem RIGHT means more than calculating the correct number...
When hell was in session (Admiral Jeremiah Denton)
When is inequality harmful? When it's caused by cronyism
When is the Rapture ?
When long-term unemployment becomes self-perpetuating (No, they are NOT lazy)
When paintings come to life (HD) - a bit scarry, but awesome stuff
When priests don't make news
When soda becomes a political statement
When squirrels attack! There’s a medical code for that. (New ICD-10 coding system)
When temperatures plummet... lace up their skates and glide across Lake Ontario
When the Anti-gun Crazy Gets Turned Up to 11
When the Frost is on the Pumkin
When the Government Takes Your Children
When the Right to Bear Arms Includes the Mentally Ill
When things don’t seem to get better (Stop and look at the Crucifix)
When was it?
When will Obama make call on Keystone?
When you give libs the Oval Office: Presidents-Day apt reminder of how far-left nation has veered
When your deity is Chicken Little
When ‘leave us alone’ became ‘bake us a cake!’
Where Are The Gotcha Journalists When Their Country Really Needs Them?
Where Are The Pictures? (Supposed Jewish "gang" beating gay black man in New York City)
Where Bitcoin boosters are getting it wrong
Where Did Philip Rivers Get That Bolo Tie?
Where Do House Republicans Stand on Immigration Principles? (Updated Whip Count)
Where Does Gravity Come From?
Where Football Players Call Home [Interactive map]
Where Have all the Flower (Children) Gone?
Where He Really Lives Aside, Sen. Pat Roberts Has Moved to His Right (Yup! Election year!)
Where Is Obama Finding the Time to Watch So Much Television?
Where Is The Inflation Today?
Where Is the Democratic Party's Pro-Obamacare Campaign?
Where Is the Red Line of Impeachment?
Where Is the Virtue?
Where Material Meets Supernatural
Where No One Locks The Door
Where The Action Is
Where The Russian Troops Are - The Full "Pre-Takeover" Infographic
Where We Got The Bible
Where are 'gay' groups on syphilis spike? Homosexual activists silent on 'dreadful diseases'
Where are the Christian leaders in education?
Where are the positive stories about Obamacare?
Where could we find a better World leader?
Where did Honor go?
Where did the downfall of Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych begin?
Where have all the jobs gone? (Fox News Question)
Where hockey is king, his Zamboni is a royal chariot
Where is America's missing foreign policy?
Where is Our Shame?
Where is the GOP heading on immigration reform?
Where is the Mooch????
Where is the proof in pseudoscience?
Where the jobs are: There's an explanation for why the U.S. is choking on the dust of China & India
Where was Cornyn? (2009 Stimulus Cloture Vote Flashback)
Where was Tom Brokaw?
Where were all the women in Davos?
Where would Democrats be without Charles and David Koch?
Where's George (Zimmerman)? He's been out of the news for a whole 2 weeks!!
Where's Mr. Shakedown Jesse Hi-Jackson?
Where's the Media Outrage? Virginia Democrat Compares Republicans to Violent Rapists
Where’s their nerve? Today’s comics mock poop, not the powerful
Whether Former IRS Official Lois Lerner Will Testify At Wed House Hearing, Trey Gowdy
Whether You Believe in ‘big bang’ theory or creationism, you’ll want to read this…
Whether You Call it Socialism, Statism, Fascism, or Corporatism,
Which Bill Clinton Girlfriend Are You?
Which Came First--the Spear or its Thrower? (article)
Which Came First: Chickens, Eggs, or Trendy Environmentalists?
Which Democrats Benefit From Keystone XL Pipeline Delays?
Which Immigrant Should Be Your Neighbor?
Which Is the Most Electable Republican in Kentucky? (Bevin, not McConnell, leads Democrat)
Which Side Are You On? (You have to bend over for the GOP)
Which Walking Dead Character are YOU?
Which Way, USA? America At A Crossroads With Economic And Energy Policy
Which is more realistic? This Photoshop or John Kerry's assessment of Russia's invasion of Ukraine?
Which one of these is the real motto of the U.S.A.?
While Foreclosure Rates Fall to 6-Year Low, Many States See Increase
While Salaries Decline, Total Cost For Michigan Teachers Increasing
While We’re At It, Let’s Defeat McConnell’s Right Hand Man Too (force Cornyn into runoff!)
While economic freedom declines in the US, it rises across the globe
While stumping for Grimes, U.S. Senate Ag Chair [Stabenow] says she forgot about McConnell
While the NSA kills Silicon Valley, Asian startups should gear up (Obama, again!)
While the West Watches Crimea, Putin Cleans House in Moscow
While the seas rise in the Outer Banks and elsewhere in NC, science treads water
Whispers persist that Hillary won’t run: Health may be worse than disclosed
Whistle Blower Claims She Forged Obama’s Birth Certificate, Guess Who It Is?
Whistleblower: No, Amb. Stevens Is Not Responsible For Benghazi
Whistling Past The Graveyard After China's 1st Ever Bond Default (solar company!)
Whistling Past the Graveyard
Whistling Past the Wind Farm: Europe abandons country-by-country CO2 emissions targets
White Californian Gun Owner Shoots Himself, Blames Black Man
White Christmas Song Written at AZ Biltmore
White House Announces 7 Regional Climate Hubs
White House Attacks CBO Over Minimum Wage Report (Truth:Obama :: Kryptonite:Superman)
White House Briefing with Press Sec. Jay Carney(VIDEO)
White House Cyber Chief Says Snowden Damage Will Be Felt for Decades
White House Damage Control: Obamacare Repeal Will 'Cost too Much'
White House Denies Gender Hypocrisy
White House Examining Ways to Ease 'Family Burdens' on Working Women
White House Gets Jobs Number Wrong: Can You Spot the Deception?*
White House Keeping Tabs on Who Views Secret Iran Deal
White House Launches Website App to Visualize Climate Change (Can You Visualize Invisible?)
White House Makes Its Global Warming Case Amid Polar Vortex Deniers
White House Misstated Iran's Postion: 'We Won't Dismantle Anything'
White House Provides More Time for Health Sign-Up (again)
White House Puts Lid on Drone Killing Info
White House Seeks to Bypass Congress on Iran Deal, Aims to unilaterally unwind sanctions laws
White House Sets New Limits on Junk Food Ads in Schools: Part of Michelle's "Let's Move" initiative
White House Signals Pause in Mideast Talks [time for "reality check"........]
White House Soap Opera: Alleged Marital Discord between the Obamas Breaks into Media
White House Sought Hold on Surgeon General Nominee, Senate Dems Say
White House Stimulus Report Based on “Keynesian Fairy Dust”
White House Threatens to Veto Bills that Aim to Keep Executive Power in Check
White House Tries to Prevent Judge From Ruling on Surveillance Efforts
White House Triples Agency Renewable Energy Mandates
White House Warns Obama Ready To 'Bypass' Congress On 2014 Agenda [Boehner Cries?]
White House Warns Russia
White House [Valerie Jarrett] backs a three-month extension of jobless benefits
White House adviser consulted Israeli officials on Iran deal
White House adviser: Obamacare didn’t kill jobs because people have been hired since it passed
White House and Kremlin seem to have different recollections of Obama-Putin call
White House announces new climate change data website
White House backing off push for surgeon general
White House backing off push for surgeon general nominee after DOJ defeat
White House backing off surgeon general, for now
White House boasts 7 MILLION Obamacare enrollments, but secretive study shows just 858,000
White House broadens Obamacare exemptions (Obamacare death by millions of exemptions)
White House calls class warfare charges ‘hyperventilation’
White House changes story on Obama's uncle
White House defends IMF push in Ukraine aid
White House delayed enacting rules ahead of 2012 election to avoid controversy
White House denies presence of US mercenaries in southeastern Ukraine
White House denies visa to Iranian hostage-taker
White House dials it down on immigration
White House doesn't dispute report finding no al Qaeda role in Benghazi attack
White House ex-aide: First Lady Michelle Obama has turned East Wing into 'worst wing'
White House eyes new regulations to cut methane from oil, gas sector (In REGS Ve TRvst)
White House hopes Michelle Obama can allay Dem midterm fears
White House imposes secrecy rules on first lady's lavish, celebrity-filled birthday party
White House in a tizzy over Samsung’s use of Obama-Ortiz selfie
White House in damage control on health care jobs report
White House launches new climate data initiative Wednesday
White House looks to regulate cow flatulence as part of climate agenda
White House looks to spread good Obamacare news (Did WILLIAM RIVERS PITT Act as Flack?)
White House losing pastry chef Bill Yosses in June
White House nightmare: Eligibility case still alive (Judges still haven't decided...)
White House offers 'grand bargain' on tax cuts and infrastructure
White House offers US 'support' to Ukraine, on top of possible IMF package
White House offers cybersecurity tips (not satire)
White House on lockdown after man ´with two suspicious bags tried climbing over the fence´
White House orders broader Obamacare health plans in 2015
White House panics as millennials wise up, bail on Obama
White House pastry chef resigns: ‘I don’t want to demonize cream, butter, sugar and eggs’
White House photographer Pete Souza snaps, defends against critics calling his work 'propaganda'
White House picks LGBT icons to open Sochi Olympics — pressure on Russian gay civil rights?
White House praises gay Mo. player’s announcement
White House promises response to deport Justin Bieber petition 'relatively soon'
White House pushes back ObamaCare enrollment deadline for pre-existing conditions
White House pushes for black enrollees (Husseincare 'final push')
White House pushes for black enrollees (Reparations)
White House pushes for jobless aid extension
White House reaches out on Ukraine
White House rejects review board finding that NSA data sweep is illegal
White House reportedly delays ObamaCare equal coverage provision
White House reportedly struggling to target US citizen with drone attack
White House says Snowden should still face charges in U.S.
White House seeks to replace Netanyahu? ID'd 'moderate' leader who can push for Palestinian state
White House slams Samsung's Obama-Ortiz selfie [Suddenly BO decides when selfies are ok]
White House stops short of veto threats on House healthcare (ID theft) bills
White House summary of Iranian nuke "deal" Implementation
White House summit seeks to expand educational opportunities [Michelle is BACK!]
White House taps former Bill Clinton adviser - CAP founder John Podesta
White House threatens veto of House abortion bill
White House to 'Make Sure' Syria Gives Up Chemical Arms - Washington Wire - WSJ
White House to Congressional Black Caucus: Obama's judicial nominees are diverse enough
White House to launch new political office
White House to nominate Baucus for ambassador to China [Dem Senator from MT to retire early]
White House touts O-Care in praising de Blasio's daughter
White House touts ‘Fox News addict’ who loves ObamaCare (Bat Guano Alert)
White House turns to ‘Magic’ to sell Obamacare (Magic "HIV" Johnson)
White House unemployment benefits push kicks into high gear (Pay for it Democrats!)
White House warns Obama could go around Congress
White House's Senate strategy: Keep Obama away
White House, Democrats Cry Foul Over GOP Push to Enforce Immigration, Other Laws
White House, Senators Back Deal to Do Away with Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac
White House: AP report on Levinson 'highly irresponsible'
White House: Employers Prevent Job Losses After Min. Wage Hike by ‘Accepting Lower Profit Margins’
White House: Iranian Ballistic Missile Test Not a Deal Killer
White House: Iran’s controversial U.N. ambassador pick is ‘not viable’
White House: It's A Good Thing That Obamacare Will Drive 2.5 Million Americans Out Of The Workforce
White House: Joe Biden 'one of the leading statesmen of his time'
White House: No debt-ceiling negotiations
White House: No more information about drone killings will be released to public
White House: No visa for Iran's UN ambassador pick
White House: Obama lived, briefly, with his uncle after all
White House: Obama not propping up Joe Biden
White House: Obamacare Incentivizes Entrepreneurship By Allowing Ppl To Work Less, Get Subsidies
White House: Obamacare hasn't damaged president's credibility
White House: Only 1.1 Million Have Signed Up for Obamacare…5 Million Have Lost Their Plans
White House: Only President Obama can change Obamacare
White House: Readout of the President’s Call with President Putin
White House: U.S. is Cold Because Planet is Hot
White House: When you think about it, 2.5M fewer people working because of ObamaCare is good news
White House’s Pfeiffer: Obama ready to take action with or without GOP
White House’s Secret Santa gift: Extra day to sign up for Obamacare
White Knockout Perp Charged with Hate Crime Against Black Man (Texas)
White Man Beaten By Mob In Detroit After Hitting Boy With Truck: Was It A Hate Crime?
White Privilege Conference Claims Those Who Help Black People Are Like Racist Alcoholics
White Privilege Conference: Being white is like being an alcoholic
White Teachers Thought They Were the Solution
White girl: 'I'm tired of being looked at like prey'
White man charged with 'knockout game' hate crime. Racial hypocrisy?
White man tried to tussle with me so I shot him: Boy, 16, charged in murder of Nathan Trapuzzano
White people the least healthy ethnic group in Britain
White professors still dominate Bay Area colleges as student bodies grow more diverse
White students get better teachers in L.A., researcher testifies
White women cut out of affirmative action preferences --- Washington State
Whites Only Laundry
Whites Who Adopted Black Kids Rally to Prove Democrat’s Racist Abortion Charge Wrong
Whites at College Banned From Diversity ‘Happy Hour’ (WA)
Whites unwelcome at college diversity 'happy hour'
Whites who adopted black children rally to disprove Democrat’s racially charged abortion comments
Whitewashing Benghazi
Whither The Prosperity Gospel?
Whither sales tax? New Alabama 'local nexus' rule changes who owes what to whom
Whittemore cites U.S. Supreme Court ruling in appeal
Who Are You?- In Christ
Who Are the REAL Kings (and Queens) of Cool? Exhibition of 100 Coolest Americans
Who Could It Be? Mystery Silicon Valley Tech Company Moving Into San Jose's Largest Office Space
Who Did Obama Compete With For His Nobel Prize?
Who Do I Vote For? [Texas races]
Who Does the GOP Really Have To Run Against Hillary in 2016? (Writer is a RINO)
Who Edits the NYT? Captain Obvious or Captain Oblivious?
Who Else Besides Hillary Clinton in 2016?
Who Funds the Far Left? You’ll Be Surprised
Who Gets Sued When Your Robot Car Crashes?
Who Hates Minority Children?
Who I am Voting For (Texas)
Who Is Amnesty’s Most Important GOP Supporter?
Who Is Behind The Minimum Wage Increase Drive?
Who Is Bishop Michael Olson?
Who Is Dropping Out Of The Labor Force, and Why?
Who Is Josh Ackley and What Is He Doing with the Girl Scouts?
Who Is Kenneth Bae, the Longest-Held U.S. Prisoner in North Korea?
Who Is Marianne Williamson, the Kardashian Kandidate?
Who Killed the Great American Editorial?
Who Knows What Men Want on OkCupid — Men or Women?
Who Made Krugman the Expert? Cronies Did.
Who Needs Works?
Who Needs a Gun? (Quintessential New York Times Slime)
Who Needs the Church? You might as well ask, “Who needs Jesus?”
Who New Yorkers Are
Who Owns A&E (Duck Dynasty)
Who Owns The Federal Reserve?
Who Read 1,582-Page $1.1T Spending Bill? Congressman: ‘Nobody Did’
Who Really Won the Cold War?
Who Really are the Christian Ideologues?
Who Scares Democrats More Than the Koch Brothers? Nate Silver.
Who Tops Cruz in Early Iowa 2016 Poll?
Who Wants A One-Way Trip To Mars? Meet Three People Applying For Mars One
Who Wants to Lose to Gov. Jerry Brown?
Who Was Right on Russia?
Who Will Lead the Fight to Catholicize the Summer Reading Lists at Catholic High Schools?
Who Will Pick Up The Pieces When ObamaCare Crashes and Burns?
Who Will Replace Rogers at House Intel Committee?
Who Will Stop Putin's Aggression
Who Won the Democratic and Republican Gift Exchange?
Who Won the Headline War Over de Blasio’s Jailed Ally?
Who are the Elect mentioned in the old and New Testaments? [Ecumenical]
Who are the Precious Independents?
Who are the losers in the 'Duck Dynasty' flap?
Who are the real extremists?
Who are the real thugs? (White guys with guns are the real thugs, says the author)
Who caused the most damage to American History in the schools?
Who defines our rights, and why I stand with Phil
Who do you believe? Pope and President disagree about what was discussed in their meeting
Who exposed the Pakistani doctor that ID O B Ladin?
Who had the worst week in Washington? Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell
Who has had the worst effect on America Culture?
Who has the standing to call Putin's actions in Ukraine - nekulturny?
Who has to drop out to make Scarborough viable for the GOP nomination?
Who is Angus Houston charged with finding Malaysia Airlines flight MH370
Who is Eric Cantor? (Disturbing Answer Alert)
Who is Jesus Christ and Who is Irrational? (Mike Adams)
Who is Jesus Christ? A Homily for the 2nd Sunday of the Year
Who is Richard Greenleaf?
Who is behind Israeli Apartheid Week? Part 2
Who is heir to Dr. King's "Letter from a Birmingham jail"?
Who is responsible for the rise in obesity?
Who is right: Ron Paul or the Obama administration (on Crimean & E. Ukranian self-determination)?
Who is she? Police release photo of 'woman of interest' in photobomb murder as second female..
Who is the 2013 Conservative of the Year?
Who is the dumbie on Hannity? (Tamara)
Who is the modern Milton Friedman?
Who knows about trading penny stocks? A plea for help.
Who owns the Internet?
Who really has more biracial families?
Who says Russia doesn't have a sense of humour? Closing ceremony mocks opening of Winter Olympics..
Who should we blame for gay ‘marriage’? It’s not who you think
Who to Believe, Barry or Il Papa?
Who travels with a stolen passport?
Who uses birth control? Irresponsible people, says state senator
Who wants to ban Internet gaming? (GOP Nannies strike again)
Who was standing behind Obama today? White House won't say
Who would win in a fistfight: Putin or Obama? [POLL]
Who's #1 on Hillary's 'traitor' list?
Who's Next to Follow South Carolina's Lead on the FULL State Nullification of Obamacare?
Who's Packing What: The Weapons in the Leland Yee Scandal
Who's Really Paying for Anti-Gun Legislation?
Who's Your Person of the Year?
Who's the Clown in Charge? Another Million Jobs Killed by Dems and Obama
Whoa! Attacks on Steve Stockman hit front page already (Vanity)
Whoah! Obama´s Opulent State Dinners Cost The Taxpayer About Half A Million Dollars Each
Whole Foods CEO: Obamacare Is Hurting Our Employees
Whole Foods: America’s Temple of Pseudoscience
Whoops! Earth's Oldest 'Diamonds' Actually Polishing Grit
Whose Conscience Should the Government Violate Next?
Whose Pen is Mightier in the No-Spin Zone? Poll: Obama or O'Reilly
Whose Side Is God on Now? (Barry's or Vladimir's?)
Whose Side are you On? If you don’t care whether Republicans win, care that Democrats lose.
Whose Side is God On?
Whose sarin? (Obama exposed for Syria false-flag)
Whose “Recognition” Does Israel Really Need?
Who’s Behind the ‘BLS Weblearn’ Credit Card Scam?
Who’s Lost Credibility Now? House leadership abandoned all promises on spending restraint
Who’s Selling Credit Cards from Target?
Who’s Trying to Impeach Attorney General Eric Holder?
Who’s the Villain Here? (vomit alert)
Who’s ‘Extreme,’ Governor Cuomo?
Who’s ‘Godless’ Now? Russia Says It’s U.S.
Who’s ‘godless’ now? Russia says it’s U.S.
Why "Equal Opportunity" Is Immoral And Wrong
Why 'Crocodile Hunter' Steve Irwin's Final Moments Should Be Televised
Why 'Duck Dynasty' was the Biggest Story of the Week
Why 'Ghostbusters' is the most libertarian Hollywood blockbuster of all time
Why 'Moderate Islam' is an Oxymoron
Why 12.7 Million Americans Dropped Out Of The Workforce
Why 6.7 percent unemployment isn't good news: We Keep Ignoring Those Who Have Stopped Looking.
Why A Former Evangelical Loves the Rosary
Why A Missing Planeload Of People Dominates Coverage & Consciousness 24/7
Why Abbas thinks Jewish state is a ‘delusional myth’
Why All Americans Must Unite Behind Rand Paul's Anti-NSA Lawsuit
Why America Is Headed Toward Bankruptcy In 13 Terrifying Quotes
Why America overpays for bridges, highways, transit, and other transportation infrastructure
Why Americans Are So Angry
Why Americans Disliked Piers Morgan
Why Americans Have Grown to Hate Congress
Why Americans cannot detach from what's happening in Iraq
Why Anti-Catholic Prejudice Ought to Bother Everyone
Why Are African Countries Buying All These High-Tech Jet Fighters?
Why Are Asian Americans Democrats?
Why Are Christians (Really) the World's Most Persecuted Group?
Why Are Dozens Of High Ranking Officers Being Purged From The U.S. Military?
Why Are Jesus Movies Always Lame?
Why Are Military Bases Such As Fort Hood Gun-Free?
Why Are Politicians’ Books So Terrible?
Why Are Search-and-Rescue Drones Grounded?
Why Are The Democrats So Eager To See America Disarmed
Why Are We Afraid of Islam?
Why Are White Men Like Michael Dunn So Angry?
Why Are Zombie Shows Suddenly So Popular, What am I Missing?
Why Aren't Americans Cast As Superheroes Anymore? Not Manly Enough
Why Aren’t Christian Leaders More Discerning?
Why Atheists Whiz on The Most Wonderful Time of the Year
Why Bakers Should Be Free to Discriminate
Why Bankers Created the Fed 100 Years Ago
Why Bernanke Should Be Thanked
Why Bill Clinton's Personal Life Matters
Why Bitcoin Makes For A Horrible Currency In One Chart
Why Bitcoin Matters For Bankers
Why Breitbart News Looks Different
Why California will Never Fulfill its Shale Potential
Why Can’t College Students Write Anymore?
Why Can’t I Find .22 LR Ammunition?!?!?
Why Central Bankers Should Not Tinker with Aggregate Prices
Why Certainly: Obama for Peace Brings Us War
Why China Replaces U.S. As Dominant World Superpower In Three Pictures
Why Chinese Copper Demand Could Come Booming Back (Dr Copper)
Why Coca Cola's Multicultural 'America the Beautiful' Ad Was Offensive
Why Conservatives Should Focus on Precinct Organization
Why Contraceptives Are Important
Why Copts celebrate Christmas on 7 January
Why December 25?
Why December 25th?
Why Delaware’s Health-Care Premiums Have Increased by 100%
Why Democrats Hate Work
Why Democrats need a stellar jobs report Friday
Why Dems Are Willing to Flout the Law in Texas 2014 Election
Why Detroit Pensions are Underfunded
Why Did I Find Evidence of Al-Qaeda in Benghazi, When New York Times Did Not?
Why Did Jesus “mean to pass by” his Disciples when He was walking on the water?
Why Did The Met Office Forecast A Dry Winter?
Why Did US Send Comedians to India: Senator Asks John Kerry
Why Did Western Nations Continue to Prosper in the 20th Century even though Fiscal Burdens Increased
Why Did the Benghazi Story Change?
Why Did the FCC’s Plan to Invade Newsrooms Only Inspire ‘Conservative Outcry’?
Why Did the Husband of One Brain Dead Wife Let His Baby Live and the Other Didn’t?
Why Do 16th-Century Manuscripts Show Cats With Flaming Backpacks?
Why Do Appalachians Love Clinton and Hate Obama?
Why Do Cats Love Boxes?
Why Do Democrats Lie?
Why Do Lesbians Love ‘Slut Walk’? (Feminism is irrational)
Why Do Republicans Want Us to Work All the Time?
Why Do Some Falsely Claim to Be Victims?
Why Do The Uninsured Hate ObamaCare?
Why Do We Have 'Bridgegate' -- But Not 'Gatesgate'?
Why Does 'Friday the 13th' Have Foreboding Reputation Worldwide?
Why Does One of the World’s Smallest Navies Want One of the World’s Biggest Warships?
Why Does The Christian Post Espouse Leftism in Brazil?
Why Doesn't China Have Famines Anymore? Two explanations for end of 2,000 years of starvation
Why Drivers Licenses for Illegal Immigrants Undermines the Path to Citizenship
Why Duck Dynasty Threatens The Left
Why Economic Growth Is Exponentially More Important Than Income Inequality
Why Economists Strike Out
Why Elon Musk is a Poor Person’s Worst Nightmare
Why Employers Will Stop Offering Health Insurance [Obamacare Cadillac tax]
Why Europa?
Why Europe can't hit Russia with its biggest club: energy sanctions
Why Faith-Based Audiences Are More Important Than Hollywood Admits
Why Food Prices Are Surging
Why French far-right candidate Marine Le Pen is attracting youth [Tough on immigration]
Why Gay Rights Groups Care About a Supreme Court Birth Control Case
Why Gays Have So Much Influence on Our Culture
Why Germany and Poland Are Winners in the Ukraine Crisis
Why Gestational Surrogacy Is Wrong: Not much distinguishes it from buying and selling of children
Why Gold Would Be Useless in an Economic Apocalypse: Seriously, stick with the canned goods
Why Good People Should Be Armed
Why Good Tax Reform is Difficult
Why Google doesn’t care about hiring top college graduates...
Why Google is buying maker of military robots
Why Halley's Comet May Be Linked to Famine 1,500 Years Ago
Why Hasn’t “Pro-Life” Democrat Joe Manchin Sponsored the 20-Week Abortion Ban?
Why Hawking is Wrong About Black Holes
Why Heroin Use Is Skyrocketing Across The US
Why Hillary Clinton Will Win in 2016
Why Hillary Clinton can't drive any more and other tales of deskilling
Why Hillary Clinton's past is fair game in presidential race
Why Hillary Will Flop
Why Hillary Will Lose Again
Why Hobby Lobby Is This Year's Supreme Court Case To Watch
Why I Am In Solidarity with Mireille Miller-Young (huge barf alert!)
Why I Am Still an Evangelical Protestant [And Not Roman Catholic]
Why I Bought A House In Detroit For $500
Why I Cannot Blame Russia and India for Taking on the Gays
Why I Cannot Support CCW Permits
Why I Don’t Observe Lent; The practice of self-denial is to be the daily experience of the believer.
Why I Left The Catholic Church
Why I Think There Is a Blessing On The Apocalypse...Rev 4-6 pt 1
Why I fled libertarianism — and became a liberal(puke)
Why I want to replace Eric Cantor
Why I'm Getting Sick of Defending Obamacare
Why I'm burning my last bridge with Obama
Why I'm burning my last bridge with Obama [young Obama voter burns her Obama t-shirt in protest]
Why Independent Producers Are Vastly Outpacing Big Oil
Why Is China Still Arresting Christians by the Dozens?
Why Is Homosexuality Bad in Itself?
Why Is Obama's DOJ Shielding Reid From Corruption Probe?
Why Is Russian Mobile Artillery Rolling In Crimea?
Why Is The Press Fighting To Protect Wendy Davis?
Why Is The Public Being Stonewalled On Serious ObamaCare Fixes?
Why Is a Teachers Union Fighting on Behalf of Convicted Child Molester? (Michigan)
Why Is the House Preparing to Act on Immigration Again?
Why Is the ObamaCare Mandate So Toothless?
Why Isn't Anyone Celebrating the Fifth Anniversary of the Great Obama Stimulus?
Why Israeli Gals Will NEVER Have to Wear Burkas...
Why It's Time For The Peter Jackson Era Of 'The Lord Of The Rings' To End
Why I’m So Proud of Joe Carr (and you should be, too)
Why I’m running for Congress
Why Jews With Psoriasis Might Think Twice About Seeking Treatment in Jordan
Why John Roberts (Likely) Is Protecting Obamacare
Why Judge Was Incorrect in NSA Case
Why Karl Rove is Protecting Hillary Clinton
Why Kerry Is Scary (Trying to Force a Middle East "Peace")
Why Kerry Let the Palestinians Make a Fool Out of Him
Why Lewinsky Shouldn't Be a GOP Talking Point (Barf alert)
Why Liberals Attack America
Why Liberals Shouldn’t Talk About the Bible
Why Lindsey Graham is bad for South Carolina
Why Mark Warner should fear Ed Gillespie
Why Matthews' Obama interview matters
Why Men Have Stopped Singing in Church
Why Michigan Needs a Tax Cut
Why Mitch McConnell really matters
Why Mitch McConnell's Opponent Smells Blood in the Water
Why Monica Lewinsky is relevant: Liberals have redefined sexual harassment
Why NFL Players Don't Wear Sleeves Even In Dangerously Cold Games
Why No One Minds His Own Business Anymore
Why North Dakota's Oil Future Just Got Brighter
Why Not? The Grim Reaper and a CNN Psychic Have Theories on the Missing Plane
Why Obama Had to Serve Notice on Congress
Why Obama Never Fires Anyone
Why Obama Pretended He Can Take Economic Action (The Sad Truth of Obama's Speech)
Why Obama Scares Me
Why Obama Will Not Change Gears
Why Obama is Uneducated
Why Obama's Executive Orders Are Lawless
Why ObamaCare could burn liberalism to the ground
Why Obamacare Becomes a Corrupt Law
Why Obamacare Cannot Succeed
Why Obamacare Could Help the Democrats in 2014 (Yes, he's serious)
Why Obamacare Will Only Get Less Popular
Why Obamacare is a Fantastic Success
Why Obamacare is a Plague on America in 13 Quotes
Why Obama’s Presidency Has to Be All About Race Now
Why Obedience to all Ten Commandments is Essential
Why Only 24% Younger Signups In ObamaCare Might Be Worse Than You Think
Why Our Universe is Not a Hologram
Why Pajamas Boy and ‘ho-surance’ won’t appeal to young people
Why Parents Are "Paranoid" About Common Core
Why Patrick Cannon sting took so long (RAT mayor of Charlotte bribed before election)
Why Peace Between Israel and Jordan Seems Resolute, Rock Solid
Why People Are Divided by Politics and Religion
Why People Carry Guns: A Response to David Frum
Why Play Cold War Games in Ukraine?
Why Poland Loves Ukraine ... For Now
Why Pollard Will Die in Prison
Why President Obama's mealymouthed response to Ukraine only invites Putin's aggression.
Why Privatizing Marriage Can’t Work
Why Pro-Aborts Oppose Free Speech
Why Pro-Amnesty Republicans Are So Desperate To Pass Immigration Reform This Year
Why Putin Plays Our Presidents for Fools
Why Putin Says He Won’t Back Down {So Much For Obama's "Serious Warnings"!]
Why Putin Will Get Everything He Wants in Crimea
Why Putin is dictating terms to Kerry on Ukraine
Why Rand Paul Is Sinking the Surgeon General Nominee
Why Rand Paul Is Winning
Why Rand Paul is Wrong to Blame the US for Pearl Harbor
Why Rand Paul will win the 2016 primaries, and the presidency
Why Reagan Deserves Study
Why Republican Cowards Despise Cruz
Why Republicans Are Surrendering on the Debt Ceiling
Why Republicans Need the Tea Party - The movement provides an answer to the Left.
Why Rick Warren and 37 Other Christians are Joining the Hobby Lobby Fight
Why Russia No Longer Fears the West
Why Sarah Palin is here to stay
Why Sarah Palin should have just let it go with Martin Bashir (Heavy-duty Dem-mentia)
Why Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar and UAE will all cut oil output
Why Sochi is Not Lake Placid
Why Socialism Is on the Rise
Why Some Christians Don't Celebrate Christmas
Why Some Christians' Kids Blow Off God – and Why Mine Didn't
Why Some Don’t Pay Their Obamacare Premium: It’s Not What You Think
Why Some Millennials Are Permanently Stuck on Stupid
Why Steve Jobs’ Computer Paradigm Shift Prediction Panned Out, and What it Means for the Market
Why Steve Stockman is going to be a really, REALLY big deal in GOP senate primaries.
Why Super-Fast Internet Is Coming Super Slowly
Why Tax Rate Cuts Matter More Than Increasing Credits and Exemptions
Why Ted Cruz is not a typical freshman senator
Why Ted Cruz is the Safest Conservative Option
Why Texas Is Growing (and Illinois Isn’t)
Why The Big 3 Need To Worry About No. 5 (Google)
Why The Chamber of Commerce Is Planning To Attack Conservatives and Tea Party Candidates…
Why The Government HAS to Indoctrinate Our Children
Why The Hell The Complaining!? Let’s Actually Kick The RINOs Out!
Why They Wish the Right Left
Why This Harvard Economist Is Pulling All His Money From Bank Of America
Why This Round Of The Republican Civil War Was Different
Why Trolls Start Flame Wars: Swearing and Name-Calling Shut Down the Ability to Think and Focus
Why Turkey Is Gone for Good: Another jihadist world power rises.
Why Twerking Miley Cyrus Should Have Been Named Time Magazine's "Man of the Year"
Why U.S. Spies Get Putin Wrong
Why Ukraine’s protesters aren’t going to get their way
Why Vampires and Christian Gray Represent the Liberals' Perfect Modern Man
Why Verbal Tee-Ups Like 'To Be Honest' Often Signal Insincerity
Why Was Pajama Boy Smirking?
Why Washington And Moscow Keep Talking Past Each Other (No Easy Solution To Ukraine Conflict Alert)
Why We Fight (piece by Dr. Milton Wolf, candidate for Senate in Kansas)
Why We Lost The War On Poverty
Why We Need to go to Europa
Why We Won't Yield To Unconstitutional Gun Law
Why We Won't Yield To Unconstitutional Gun Law [CT]
Why We're Raising "Duck Dynasty" Boys, and Not "Pajama" Boys
Why Wendy Davis’s résumé issues matter
Why When We Say 'Racism' Do We Think of White Racism?
Why Women Still Need Husbands
Why Working-Class Men Are Falling Behind
Why Would Matt Bevin Tell His Investors Something He Didn't Believe? | National Review Online
Why Would Police Need This Unstoppable Military Vehicle?
Why You Forget That God Is Good
Why You Should Be Careful Of SunkenCiv's Photos
Why You Shouldn't Complain About Obamacare "Rate Shock"
Why You've Never Heard of the GReat Depression of 1920-21
Why Young Bankers Are So Miserable
Why a Brisk Walk Is Better
Why a Burger King Whopper contains LESS calories than a restaurant salad…
Why a Middle School Was Ordered to Tear Down Its Brand-New Baseball Bleachers
Why a Mike Huckabee presidential run is Chris Christie's worst nightmare
Why a Republican Wave in 2014 is Looking More Likely Now
Why a weak jobs report isn’t as bad as it looks (spin cycle)
Why an elderly lady with a big fighting spirit refused to sell her home to developers
Why are Catholics Democrats?
Why are You Surprised NBC Praises Putin?
Why are liberal cities bad for blacks? The answer is sitting right in front of them
Why are my Chicken Thighs suddenly So Expensive?
Why are my posts being deleted?
Why are so many priests today refusing to preach on the Rosary?
Why are the rules always different for women?
Why are they called 'homofascists'? Here's why...
Why are we wasting our time discussing what they say at MSNBC?
Why bring down Ya’alon?
Why buy a tablet? (chat)
Why can Mozilla have corporate convictions but not Hobby Lobby?
Why can't you call it the Super Bowl? (Can't call it the Superbowl)
Why casino workers hate Obamacare
Why churches should brace for a mass exodus of the faithful: The more conservative churches, anyway
Why communism didn’t have its own Nuremberg?
Why competing with men has left women out of touch with their feminine side
Why conservatives are in trouble
Why cost-based pricing sucks
Why dark chocolate really IS good for you:
Why did (California RAT) state Sen. Leland Yee escape terrorism charges?
Why did Europe choose the chaff over the wheat?
Why did McCain blast Obama on terrorists in Fallujah? Whom did McCain meet with in Syria in 2013?
Why did Sen. Cochran decide you need a safety lock on your handgun?
Why did a CNN anchor just call Iran nuclear deal a “train wreck”?
Why did so many seek to revolutionize the Church in the 60s and 70s?
Why did somebody doctor photo of men who took Flight MH370? (Shortened Title)
Why did the National Republican Congressional Committee Young Gun Program just endorse a RINO in...?
Why did two German 'hobbyists' deface a cartouche of Khufu inside the Great Pyramid
Why do Catholic women reject their Church’s teaching on contraception? Now we know.
Why do Narcissists Lie?
Why do liberals ratchet up the global warming nonsense when the world is at its coldest?
Why do many miss experiencing Jesus in our parishes? How can we change this?
Why do new & old media suddenly have short memories on Benghazi? (news summary & vanity, sort of)
Why do the left generally support the Chavistas in Venezuela?
Why do we do this? (Vanity? Perhaps...)
Why do you have to be a weasel bustard to get any power in this country?
Why does Santa need a fighter escort? Children's groups outraged as NORAD militarises Christmas Eve
Why don't recreational marijuana advocates support licensed farms/corporations disbursing this?
Why don’t as many men go to church as women?
Why electricity demand is falling, and what it means
Why employers say millennials can’t get a job
Why even the most isolationist and unconcerned Fudd should care about the Ukraine -- Poof!
Why expats are ditching their U.S. passports: Here's a profile of some of them...
Why factory jobs may be returning to America
Why gold bugs should brace for an ‘awful’ 2014
Why has California chosen water shortages over desalination?
Why have Open Primaries?
Why heroin is spreading in America's suburbs (+video)
Why in the Heck Do We Want an Electoral College?!!
Why inbreeding is bad
Why is Apple so sour about Bitcoin?
Why is China relaxing its one-child policy?
Why is China targeting the moon -- and should NASA as well?
Why is ChristianMingle.com advertising on CNN? (a confession...)
Why is Christmas Celebrated Mainly at Night?
Why is George Washington the Greatest President?
Why is Glenn Beck wrong to support abortion in cases of rape, incest? In short: me.
Why is Hannity Fixated with Losers?
Why is Homosexuality a Political Issue?
Why is Mitch McConnell smiling?
Why is Santa always white?
Why is Ted Cruz the only U.S. senator attending Mandela memorial?
Why is The Blaze No Longer On iHeartRadio?
Why is US church sending Jews to the trash-heap of history?
Why is Ukraine in turmoil? (Simple explanation of why some are protesting)
Why is Vatican II So Vexing?
Why is a Children’s Hospital So Bent on Cutting Off Jahi McMath’s Life Support?
Why is a Michigan School District Discriminating Against Christians?
Why is it that every time I open a new window I have to re-log into FR?
Why is it?
Why is the Obama Administration Putting Government Monitors in Newsrooms?
Why is the US helping China look for oil in the South China Sea?
Why isn’t Obama Resigning in Disgrace? And Other Quick Takes on the Scene
Why lawmakers love lobbyists and hate 'outside groups'
Why liberals soured on President Obama in 2013 (Cause he's too conservative)
Why local Republican primary races matter to Mitch McConnell
Why locating MH370 in the Southern Ocean is so difficult
Why make light of PLO non-recognition of Israel?
Why many preppers will die
Why millennials have abandoned Obama
Why most Americans believe the US economy is poor (and they're right)
Why most conservatives are secretly liberals
Why natural gas rigs continue to drop to the lowest 2014 levels
Why not ban booze instead of guns?
Why not even Congress can sue the administration over unconstitutional executive actions
Why people of faith should be angry with York University
Why pretenders outnumber contenders primarying GOP senators
Why pro cheerleading may be one of America’s worst jobs
Why refusing to yield to Republicans and their Democrat buddies is the only choice for conservatives
Why so many unladylike black girls?
Why some Catholics think Obama is master of deception
Why stronger GDP growth isn't creating more jobs
Why taking over the Senate may not do Republicans much good
Why tax cuts are better than corporate welfare
Why the 2014 midterms could be unlike any other
Why the Amnesty Lobby is Freaking Out
Why the FCC should keep its nose out of TV newsrooms
Why the GOP Should Say No to Jeb
Why the GOP cavalry is not coming to Chris Christie’s rescue
Why the GOP needs Rand Paul: Don't freeze him out because of unconventional foreign policy views
Why the IPCC Report Neglects the Benefits of Global Warming
Why the India-US relationship is in such a mess
Why the Iron Lady Continues to Inspire
Why the Latest Obamacare Delay Is the Biggest One Yet
Why the Media Doesn’t Cover Jihadist Attacks on Middle East Christians
Why the Russian Occupation of Crimea Could Lead to a New Islamist Terror Hotspot
Why the Senate Held a Rare Silent Vote Over the Debt Limit (Requested by Cornyn, McConnell)
Why the Sequester Had to Die : It was Too Successful
Why the Tea Party Can’t Govern - A populist spin can’t save purely negative principles.
Why the Tea Party Isn't Going Anywhere (Barf alert!)
Why the Tea Party’s Waning, Not Winning: It strayed from its original focus on economic issues
Why the Tennessee Volkswagen Workers Voted Against the UAW
Why the U.S. Military Can’t Kill the Benghazi Attackers With a Drone Strike
Why the U.S. Should Merge With Canada
Why the Web Won't Be Nirvana (From 1995)
Why the West sells gold and China buys it
Why the White House Is Panicking
Why the dollar stays steady as America declines
Why the eruption in Kiev could set off a tsunami that will engulf us all...
Why the gathering storm over divorce might be worse than was that over contraception
Why the new CBO report on Obamacare is good news
Why the price of oil may be about to tank
Why there will be war
Why voting irregularities could swing the Virginia AG recount to Republicans (Obenshain/Herring)
Why would Peter King (RINO-N.Y.) believe the NSA is trustworthy IF, IF Clapper and Obama lied?
Why you might see people carrying rifles Wednesday during SXSW
Why you should NEVER park in front of a hydrant: Boston firefighters smash BMW windows....
Why you shouldn't believe anyone who says Obamacare is working...Exhibit B
Why you're wrong about communism: 7 huge misconceptions about it (and capitalism)
Why ‘Moderate Islam’ Is an Oxymoron
Why ‘Neo-Isolationism’ Is Soaring
Why ‘religious freedom’ laws are doomed
Why “Person of the Year”?
Why, according to liberals, is marriage a bad thing for blacks & poor whites, unless they're "gay"?
Why, after Mandela, many Afrikaners fear a Boer bloodbath
Wi-Fi vs. Ethernet: Has wireless killed wired?
Wichita City Council allows concealed-carry in most city buildings
Wichita abortion/sex change clinic marks one year anniversary with death count
Wickr: Free texting app has military-grade encryption, messages self-destruct.
Widespread pig virus threatens to bump pork prices
Widespread riots now in my country. My thoughts on riots.
Widest earnings gap for college grads in 48 years
Widow of Murdered Cop Wants to Testify at Confirmation Hearing for Controversial Obama Nominee
Widow tells ‘GMA’: Put theater shooter in prison for life
Widow trying to sell family home of 40 years finds she doesn't own $1.2 million property after husba
Wife Arrested in Ark. Ranger's Fatal Shooting
Wife Dies After Mail Bomb That Killed Lawyer Husband (note found - Lebanon, Tennessee)
Wife gives her husband's new fiancee an incredible Christmas surprise...2 years after she died
Wife killed Ga. soldier for insurance, feds say
Wife of Miami Dolphins’ QB Ryan Tannehill leaves AR-15 rifle in rental car
Wife of longtime Yankee Yogi Berra dies at 85
Wife of soon-to-be deported Mexican decries New Orleans immigration enforcement
Wife says Alan Grayson shoved her during domestic incident
Wife, 2 women charged in death of Branchville (SC) Fire Chief
Wikipedia is ‘very masculine,’ so feminists pledge to fix it
Wikipedia on Global Warming: The first place most people look is the last place anyone should.
Wilbon, Kornheiser: Openly Gay 'Marginal' Jason Collins Entry in NBA Not a Big Deal
Wild Turkey vs. UPS Driver (University of Minnesota Hospital)
Wild beavers seen in England for first time in centuries
Wild for America: Palin’s new TV series is her next step into limelight
Wild horses targeted for roundup in Utah rangeland clash
Wild squirrel drops by to play with cat it grew up with
Wild squirrel drops by to play with cat it grew up with (video)
Wildcatters rush Spindletop in return to East Texas oil
Wildfire burns out of control near Southern California homes
Wildfire near Los Angeles: Three people arrested, emergency declared
Wildlife refuge to cat owners: Keep your kitties at home (trap cats to protect rats!)
Wildlife service suspends plan to allow killing of gray wolves
Wile E. Obama and his bag of tricks and anvils…
Will 'Health Care' Kill American Medicine?
Will 'Son of God' Dethrone 'Passion of the Christ' as Top-Grossing Christian Film of All Time?
Will 2014 Be the Year of Amnesty? Ominous signals that capitulation is on the horizon.
Will A&E's suspension of Phil Robertson mobilize evangelical Christians?
Will America heed the wake-up call of Ukraine?
Will Americans Buy Toyota Motor Corporation's Hydrogen Car?
Will Americans ever rise up against the “hustlers” destroying our culture?
Will Boehner Lose the House by Shifting the Focus from Obamacare to Amnesty for Illegal Aliens?
Will Boehner’s immigration ‘principles’ help struggling GOP?
Will Colorado issue second-hand pot smoke warnings concerning children who live in these homes?
Will Connecticut choose to ignore or make war against 300,000 gun registration scofflaws?
Will Conservatives see the light?
Will Courts Lift Veil of Secrecy Around Lethal Injections?
Will Demographics Really Destroy the GOP?
Will Earth Be Unlivable by 2050? New Study Reveals Global Warming Increasing at Alarming Rate...
Will Ehud Olmert be sentenced to a long prison term for his bribery conviction?
Will Electronics Retailer Newegg Follow Overstock’s Lead and Accept Bitcoin?
Will GOP Circle the Wagons for Christie on Bridge-Gate?
Will Groupon Be The Next Great Comeback?
Will Hillary voters hand the GOP nomination to Rand Paul? (Operation Chaos)
Will IRS bully people to sign up for Obamacare?
Will Insurers Ever Say Enough’s Enough To Obamacare? How can anyone run a business this way?
Will Jesus Find Faith WHen He Comes?...Luke18 pt 8
Will John Boehner Lay Down The Gavel?
Will Jupiter’s Great Red Spot Turn into a Wee Red Dot?
Will Leftists Admit They Were Wrong about Obama?
Will Lois Lerner Be Held in Contempt?
Will Lunar Eclipses Cause Four Blood Moons in 2014 and 2015?
Will Marco Rubio Be the Last Establishment Man Standing?
Will Michelle Steal It from Hil?
Will Michigan Taxpayers Being Paying For Ben Affleck's House?
Will Mittens the Kitten Get to Experience an Afterlife? [contains cute kitty pix]
Will NFL's Super Bowl bullying be too much for our lawmakers?
Will Nancy Pelosi Be the Next to Retire?
Will New Vatican Commission on Abuse Answer the One Crucial Question?
Will Obama Ever Play Hardball?
Will Obama Help Men Who are Eggshell White Find Jobs? (Yeah right)
Will Obama scale back Big Brother, or will he ‘go Obamacare’ on us again?
Will Obama’s pursuit of executive power backfire?
Will Phil Hurt Disney and Hearst Stock?
Will Pot Legalization Help China Defeat America? The National Media Reacts
Will Putin Destroy Rand Paul? (If Rand Paul were President)
Will Putin Seize Crimea?
Will Republicans Doom Themselves with Amnesty?
Will Russia use "Lawfare" to pave the way for an invasion of Eastern Ukraine?
Will Ryan Seacrest Leave American Idol?
Will Senator Ted Cruz and “conservatives” offer real tax reform this coming election?
Will South Carolina Retire “Liberal Lindsey” Graham?
Will SpaceX Super Rocket Kill NASA's 'Rocket to Nowhere'? (Op-Ed)
Will State Of The Union Resemble Classic,"We're On To You"Scene From Angels&Demons?
Will States' Rights Go to Pot?
Will Steyn now Stick it the O’Sullivan Way to Climate Fraudster Michael Mann?
Will Supreme Court Rule Against Unions?
Will TSA Agents be Replaced by Machines?
Will Ted Cruz Be a Plus or Minus for Republicans in the Midterm Elections?
Will The Latest Catholic Mass Translation Get Another Overhaul?
Will The Overselling Of Global Warming Lead To A New Scientific Dark Age?
Will The Son Of Man Find Faith?...pt 1
Will This Be the U.K.'s New Flag?
Will US-EU Trade Become Too Free?
Will Ukraine Send the World into War?
Will Venezuela Follow Ukraine?
Will Victoria Nuland be Fired? (By this Administration? Not likely)
Will Volkswagen Vote Kill Power Of Big Unions?
Will Warren Wing scuttle budget deal? (Senator Sessions to lead Filibuster)
Will Windows 9 be the New Windows 7?
Will You Facebook, Take Thee Netflix...?
Will You Owe Debt After Death? The Medicaid Surprise
Will beauty queen's murder help bring down Venezuela's soc government? [Sound familiar?]
Will budget deal break faith with America's military?
Will challenges from right hurt GOP chances to retake Senate?
Will cherry blossoms make an appearance in time for this year's festival? (More snow on the way)
Will eBay Founders Omidyar's First Look Media Make Waves?
Will economy ever recover to full stride?
Will ordination doctrine drive a “mass exodus of the faithful” from the Catholic Church?
Will surge of older workers take jobs from young?
Will the 2nd Great Machine Age be a frightening jobless dystopia?
Will the Chargers Beat the Broncos?
Will the Chargers defeat the Bengals on Sunday? [poll]
Will the F-35 Dominate the Skies?
Will the High River Canada Gun Grab Documentary Fall On Deaf Ears? ~ Video
Will the Holy See ever wake up about the United Nations?
Will the National Republican Senatorial Committee Pledge to Support Chris McDaniel?
Will the Real Debbie Wasserman Schultz Please Stand Up?
Will the Real January 1st Please Stand Up. A Homily For New Years Day and the Solemnity of...
Will the South Give on Gay Marriage? Couples Crusade for Rights
Will the Supreme Court Permit EPA Fraud?
Will the Supreme Court permit EPA climate decisions to stand?
Will the Vatican comply with UN investigation into child abuse?
Will the boosters boost Spyder sales?
Will the real progressives please stand up
Will this World be for You a Tomb, or a Womb?
Will this be A Repeat of Tuskegee Experiment?
Will you get these 20 jokes meant for really brainy people?
Willamette community offers support to bisexual athlete Conner Mertens
Willard Agonistes (Mitt Romney and How the West was Lost)
William Browder: The man behind the Magnitsky List
William Hague: Russia faces 'isolation' over Ukraine
William Henry Smyth had tyranny in mind when he wrote about a technocracy
William Varettoni: A primer on Crimea's road to ruin
Williams: Our Fragile Planet
Willie Nelson Singing at Wendy Davis Fundraiser
Willie and Korie Robertson to Break Family’s Silence in New Year’s Eve Interview
Wilmington apartment complex to check dog poop for DNA
Wilshire Grand Breaks Record For Largest Concrete Pour
Win Lose or Draw
Win a *walk* under Capitol Hill through the light rail tunnel [Washington]
Winamp is dead: 5 things we miss already
Winchester Recalls .22 Long Rifle Ammo WINCHESTER® 22 Long Rifle RIMFIRE AMMUNITION
Wind Permits Allowing Eagle Deaths Face Blowback
Wind Turbine In Ohio Bird Zone Halted
Wind energy tax credit expires
Wind farm operator says eagle deaths overestimated
Wind farms get extended leeway on eagle deaths
Wind power hits Texas record
Winding Down the Fed's Costly "Stimulus" That Didn't Accomplish Much
Windows 8 Applications Directory- Most Comprehensive Listing of Windows 8.x Applications
Windows 8.1
Windows 8.1 Update 1 leaked build suggests Microsoft is moving in the right direction
Windows 8.1 overtakes Vista, Mac OS X as Windows XP maintains 29% share
Windows 8: What's The Big Deal?
Windows XP Upgrade Question
Windows XP home users should upgrade to Linux -- not Windows 8.1
Windscreen wipers to be consigned to history?
Windsor man rescues girl lying on snowy street as others pass her by (With video)
Wing and Prayer Decoupled
Wings of Ascension [Charismatic caucus]
Winner of HHS YouTube contest for ObamaCare is called “Forget About the Price Tag”
Winners and Losers in the War on Poverty
Winners and losers of the 2014 defense appropriations bill
Winning $15 in Seattle – A Socialist Strategy
Winning Bid on Super Rare NES Game is $99,902
Winning Elections for the Tea Party (Saturbray)
Winnipeg deep freeze as cold as uninhabited planet (Mars)
Winston Churchill : The Iron Curtain Speech, at Westminster College, Fulton, MO on March 5, 1946
Winston Churchill answers Obama
Winston Churchill on Allied Victories – March 26, 1944
Winter 'misery index' ranks how bad winter has been; In beleaguered Detroit, it's the worst
Winter 2013-14 Propane Updates
Winter Bird Feeder Report from Valley Forge
Winter Storm Pax: Raleigh-Durham Drivers Deal with Atlanta-like Gridlock Wednesday
Winter Storm Warning for Florida Panhandle
Winter Storm Warnings for (SC Discussion Thread)
Winter Storm Watch issued for Riverside, San Bernardino County mountains [ California ]
Winter at the barricades [Primer on what is happening in Ukraine]
Winter storm set to 'go bananas' across Northeast - U.S. News
Winter weirdness: Is Arctic warming to blame?
Winter: Who Predicts it Better - The Government or the Farmers?
Winthrop Poll: Graham’s GOP Approval Rating At 45 Percent
Wired for Intimacy
Wireless Home Security Systems
Wireless Tax Burden Harms US Economy
Wis. AFL-CIO Failed to Disclose Special Election Spending
Wis. governor offers a way around ObamaCare problems
Wis. panel to vote on constitutional convention
Wisconsin CCW Holder First to be Convicted of Homicide
Wisconsin Carry Promotes Second Amendment Door to Door
Wisconsin Catholic Schools Reject Common Core
Wisconsin Civil-Rights March:Prosecutors targeting conservatives lose in federal court
Wisconsin Elections Board Considers Electronic Poll Books
Wisconsin GAB to Extend Filing Deadlines Due to Extreme Cold
Wisconsin Government Accountability Board Releases 2013 Fines List
Wisconsin Gun Barrel Manufacturer Will be Moved to Connecticut
Wisconsin News Anchor Thinks Phil Robertson Looks Like A Bigot
Wisconsin Political Speech Victory
Wisconsin Republican aide charged with felony voter fraud
Wisconsin Republicans Accused of Sabotaging Common Core Bill
Wisconsin Roads Being Thawed with Cheese Brine
Wisconsin SEIU's message: Nice job you got there, be a shame if you lost it
Wisconsin School District Hit With $2 Million in Obamacare Fines
Wisconsin School Gets Kids to Snitch on Parents.
Wisconsin bar on a Minnesota road has its peculiarities
Wisconsin bishop enforces ban on washing feet of women on Holy Thursday
Wisconsin governor signs bill ending early weekend voting
Wisconsin man ordered to stay off Internet after after a Craigslist sex prank went horribly wrong
Wisconsin town sued for banning display of American flag on overpasses
Wisconsin ‘Anti-Speech’ Bubble Zone Suspended
Wisconsin’s Walker thinking about ending income tax
Wisdom Adorns the Temple
Wish You Had that $1,900,000,000 Back?
Wishing you a filthy new year?
Witch-Hunt Against Geert Wilders: The Left’s vilification of a truth-telling Dutch escalates.
Witches Cleared in Re-Trial 400 Years Late
With 2014 agenda, gun control groups reload
With 2015 budget request, Obama will call for an end to era of austerity (LOL - I know, right?)
With 79% Turnout, Exit Polls Confirm 93% Of Voters Back Crimea Joining Russia;
With Affordable Care Act, Canceled Policies for New York Professionals
With Anger Building, Boehner Puts The Brakes On Amnesty
With Anger Building, Boehner Puts the Brakes on Amnesty
With Dems War on Education, is It Any Wonder Students Don't Know History?
With Gay Rights Group Set to March, Immac Heart of Mary Sch in Harvard Withdraws from St Pats Parade
With George, Miller's retirement, Pelosi will lose her consigliere
With His BFF Leaving, Is Boehner Eyeing the Exit, Too?
With Immigration Reform Clock Having Run Out, Activists Contemplate What's Next
With Invasion of Crimea Putin Shows Obama What a "Red Line" Really Means
With Jang executed, 'internal unrest' possible in N. Korea: CRS
With More Women Bringing Home the Bacon, Who’s Going to Fry It Up?
With Muslim Brotherhood crushed, Egypt sets sights on Hamas
With Numbers Like These, No Wonder Harry Reid's Lying
With Obama Now in Need, Aides Put Off Their Exits
With ObamaCare, We’re All Criminals Now
With Senate at Stake, Two Ex-GOP Senators Endorse Democrats
With Sharon burial within rocket range, Israel sends stern warning to Hamas
With Sobering Science, Doctor Debunks 12-Step Recovery
With Terry McAuliffe in Office, VA Lawmakers Announce Push for Gun Control
With Trayvon Martin, this Nativity gets edgy update (Traydmark as the baby in Claremont CA)
With Venezuela in a tailspin, Jews opting for 'Plan B'
With a deadline looming, Hill staffers face their own health enrollment snags
With an immigration deal possible, advocates mount new push to end deportations
With no perceived threats to rights, gun sales way down
With number on wrist, Venezuelans queue at markets
With oil imports falling, U.S. trade deficit sinks to 4-year low
With or Without Apple, Google Will Crush Microsoft
With privileges withdrawn, US Ambassador Nancy Powell calls off Nepal visit
With reports that Yanukovych has fled Ukraine, parliament seeks to take charge today (live updates)
With the clock ticking, Covered California mails flawed letters to 114,000 households
With the failures of Obama, it is time to find a military conflict
Without a foreign policy, Obama appears weak and indecisive (nah, really?)
Without fear of freedom [Daily Mass]
Without the Selfie Obama Would be Doomed
Witness at IRS Hearing: ‘I Will Not Retreat; I Will Not Surrender’
Witness to Christ, Pope urges blind and deaf
Wives Are Now More Educated than Husbands In the U.S: More women are "marrying down,", academically
Woe to Our Allies America’s new policy of retreat is leaving our friends exposed.
Wojtyla’s Personal Notes Are Published in a Book
Wolf Blitzer: So, why won’t the White House reveal the text of this Iranian deal?
Wolf kills, eats dog after battle with owner during daylight attack near Haines
Wolf to Roberts: Don’t Support a 12th Debt Ceiling Hike -
Woman & Young People Turn On Obama, As His Approval Rating Sinks To New Low (38%)
Woman 'opened fire at McDonald's drive-thru window after employee got her order wrong'
Woman 'throws a shoe at Hillary' during speech at Las Vegas casino
Woman Abducts Her Married Boyfriend
Woman Allegedly Brutally Beat 3-Year-Old Daughter For Microwaving Cell Phone
Woman Arrested After Prison Escape 36 Years Ago: PD
Woman Arrested Over Brisbane Rugby League Referee's Murder
Woman Arrested at Toronto Airport Had 10,000 Diamonds Hidden in Body
Woman Arrested for Trumansburg Baseball Theft also Ithaca Planning Executive
Woman At Red Light Hit By Car Driven By Chihuahua
Woman Attacked By Pit Bull During Seizure (Dogs of Peace)
Woman Attempts to Warm Minivan With Charcoal And Guess What Happened
Woman Be a Woman
Woman Behind Roe v. Wade: “I’m Dedicating My Life to Overturning It”(flashback)
Woman Busted For Attacking Live-In Boyfriend When He Refused To "Cuddle" In Bed
Woman Busted For Fake $100 Bills Because “Moe Money” Isn’t In Charge Of Signing Currency
Woman Calls Police to Complain About Bad Pot
Woman Chosen to Lead Central African Republic Out of Mayhem
Woman Claims Archdiocese Leaders Ignored Reports of Abuse
Woman Commits "Toxic Chemical" Suicide at Berkeley City Club
Woman Convicted Of Voter Fraud Honored By Ohio Democrats
Woman Died After Muslim Nurse Refused to Help as He was Praying [UK]
Woman Dies After Botched Legal Abortion, Frantic 911 Call: She’s “Not Breathing At All”
Woman Dies After Hijab, Hair Get Tangled in Montreal Escalator
Woman Disowns Cat For Being Gay (Nigeria)
Woman Driver Backs Into 7 People, Kills 3, Injures 4
Woman Files For Divorce Over The Way Her Husband Eats Peas
Woman Finds Huge Silverfish Bug in Soup Served in New York Restaurant
Woman Has Abortion Because She Couldn’t Fit Into Her Wedding Dress
Woman Hit By Lightning Left With "Metallic Taste" in Mouth
Woman Hit by Train While Looking at Phone and Walking Is Back on Social Media
Woman Hospitalized After Being Glued To Toilet Seat at Home Depot.
Woman Kidnapped as Baby by Own Mom Now Tells Her Side of the Story
Woman Killed After Hair and Scarf Caught in Escalator
Woman Killed Healthy Dog Because She Didn't Want Anyone Else To Own Him
Woman Kills Motorcyclist in Hit-and-Run, Hides Evidence: Deputies
Woman Knocked Unconscious By Home Invaders Undergoes Surgery
Woman Pays Entire Pay Check for Propane Heating Bill
Woman Poisons husband to be with sister’s hubby
Woman Pretends to be Mexican Illegal Alien — Defrauds Dozens in 4 States
Woman Punched in Los Gatos May Be Related to "Knockout Game"
Woman Sank Her Teeth Into Car ‘Like James Bond Villain Jaws’ During Drunken Rage
Woman Says Man Tried to Rape Her on Subway: Cops
Woman Sues County Schools After Daughter With Herpes Is "Strip Searched" By School Nurse
Woman Sues Home Developer For Failing To Disclose Racist Neighbor From Hell
Woman Sues Live Nation, AEG Live After Reportedly Suffering Seizure During Jay-Z Concert
Woman Told to Find Work Is in a COMA
Woman Wearing Google Glass Says She Was Attacked In San Francisco Bar
Woman Who Alleges Abduction, Sexual Assault by LAPD has Video on Her Side (VIDEO)
Woman accused of battering airline ticket agent
Woman accused of spending weekend, stealing food from school
Woman admits taking Hulk Hogan shoe, arranges for return
Woman allegedly freezes to death in hospital morgue
Woman allegedly set car on fire after man refused to buy her a McFlurry
Woman arrested in beating death of Lower Richland (SC) man
Woman arrested in violently beating United Airlines ticket agent
Woman arrested over newborn boy found dumped in ladies' toilet at Sports Direct warehouse
Woman asks firefighter to help dying father, firefighter says ‘Not until I am dispatched,’
Woman attacked, killed by pit bull ( New Mexico )
Woman calls for Rose Parade boycott over gay wedding float
Woman can't get through to 911 during home invasion (GA)
Woman charged in warrant in slaying of Brother Rice teacher
Woman charged with allegedly sending death threats to Soundgarden's Chris Cornell
Woman charged with murder following texting squabble gets 7 years
Woman charged with vandalizing 20 churches, mosques
Woman claims Texans RB Arian Foster is pressuring her to abort his baby
Woman cuts off a tattoo of her cheating ex-boyfriend's name with a scalpel and POSTS the skin to him
Woman deletes phone data in front of cop, gets charged with murder
Woman describes disturbing run-in with accused Wesley Chapel movie theater shooter
Woman did not show face at Heathrow Airport ( UK Muslims )
Woman dies in Montreal's Metro after scarf caught in escalator
Woman eats only Starbucks items for a year
Woman embalmed, bronzed in favorite pew
Woman executed in Texas for 1998 torture killing
Woman explains what happened when roving mass mob of black teens attacked her in Louisville
Woman faces deportation for neglecting child's broken foot
Woman falls into well during outdoor sex session in Spain
Woman found dead in trash [Jarrae Nykkole Estepp] had been featured in video series
Woman gives 3 Ill. waitresses $5,000 each
Woman gives birth in Walmart parking lot
Woman glued to toilet seat at Home Depot
Woman has toe bitten off at Boston party
Woman hit by Calif. Congresswoman's aide dies (field rep. for Democratic Congresswoman Lois Capps)
Woman hypnotizes priest, steals church donations
Woman in India gives birth to ‘baby with two heads’ [w/video]
Woman indicted in KSU student’s shooting death
Woman killed in violent pit bull mauling, two others injured
Woman loses appeal in immigrant case
Woman made up story of sex assault on Turnpike, deputies say
Woman married during repeal of Michigan's gay marriage ban assaulted and called gay slur
Woman of the Year (?)
Woman performs C-section on dog with steak knife, arrested, charged with cruelty
Woman punches DJ, destroys equipment over song selections
Woman receives FedEx box of strangers' sensitive documents
Woman run down by freight train while running on the tracks with headphones on
Woman seen driving stolen Jeep from a church into Mexico
Woman seriously injured after being attacked by pit bulls while jogging
Woman shocked to find out her Facebook pictures being used in prostitution ads
Woman shot dead after Iron Bowl game; sister says person charged was upset over Alabama loss
Woman shot to death near daughter's school
Woman spends 6 weeks trying to disenroll from ObamaCare
Woman spends SIX WEEKS trying to UNenroll from ObamaCare
Woman sued for $2 million after boyfriend torches squirrel on apartment deck, starts massive fire
Woman survives shooting by ex-boyfriend when the gun misfires
Woman trampled by elephants was 'fearless' researcher
Woman vandalizes cab, attacks police officer in Delray, police say
Woman victimized in apparent knockout attack in Brentwood
Woman who 'bought rare $100,000 Renoir for $7 at flea market' must hand it BACK ...
Woman who lit the Olympic flame sent a racist tweet about Barack Obama last year
Woman's Day video combines Google Glass with a man beating up his wife/girlfriend
Woman's auto-payments hid her death for six years
Woman's death in burglary leaves Southeast Baltimore reeling
Woman, 21, stabs her twin sister in the chest during Christmas day fight over APPLE FRITTER
Woman, 35, had her arm amputated because 'police handcuffs were too tight'
Woman, 41, batters and bites her 75-year-old boyfriend, cops say
Woman, 85, 'mauled to death by two large pitbulls inside her home after they broke down the door
Woman, Just Out Of Prison, Arrested For 397th Time
Woman, Toddler Found Living in Filthy Storage Unit
Woman: 80-year-old neighbor shot my dog for 'doing her business' in his yard
Womb Transplants Performed In Sweden Catch Attention Of LA Fertility Specialists
Women Academia Doesn’t Study
Women Fail to Achieve Male Marines' Lowest Standard
Women Leading the Fight Against Islamist Extremism
Women comprise biggest opposition to ObamaCare
Women in Libyan jails seek right to suicide to end unbearable humiliation - activist
Women in peacekeeping [UN]
Women mostly sought late-term abortions over relationship instability, financial woes: analysis
Women's Issues Hiding Humanity's Problem
Women's clothing retailer Coldwater Creek to close its doors
Women's rights activist among 'Top 10' of Vatican magazine
Women, We're Our Own Worst Enemies (Hillaryite talk show host)
Women, wake up, men have made your life better, not worse
Women:Looking For Love In All the Wrong Places? Will the War on Women meme work again?
Wonder of the World, Hagia Sophia Church, Might Become Mosque
Wonkblog Caught in Obamacare Contradiction
Wonkbook: This quote shows why Obamacare is here to stay (Wisconsin's Ron Johnson surrenders)
Wonton Safety Risks Were Nearly Recipe for Disaster at ‘Deathtrap’ Chinese Restaurant
Woo hoo!! And we're on the home stretch!! Less than $8k to go!! [FReepathon thread XXXVI]
Woo hoo!! Closing in on the green!! Working on the last $7k!! [FReepathon thread XXXVII]
Woo hoo!! FReepers, Let's Roll! Less than $13k to go!! [FReepathon thread XXXI]
Woo hoo!! FReepers, Let's Roll! We're almost there. [FReepathon thread XXX]
Woo hoo!! It's Money Bomb Friday on FR!! Let's git 'er done!! [FReepathon Thread XXI]
Woo hoo!! OVER THE TOP!! Thank you all very much!! [FReepathon Thread XLII]
Woo hoo!! Our 1st quarter 2014 FReepathon is underway!! [Thread III]
Woo hoo!! Our 1st quarter 2014 FReepathon is underway!! [Thread II]
Woo hoo!! Our 1st quarter 2014 FReepathon is underway!! [Thread IV]
Woo hoo!! Our 1st quarter 2014 FReepathon is underway!! [Thread VIII]
Woo hoo!! Our 1st quarter 2014 FReepathon is underway!! [Thread VII]
Woo hoo!! Our 1st quarter 2014 FReepathon is underway!! [Thread VI]
Woo hoo!! Our 1st quarter 2014 FReepathon is underway!! [Thread V]
Woo hoo!! Our 2nd quarter FReepathon is now underway!!
Woo hoo!! Our 2nd quarter FReepathon is now underway!! [Thread III]
Woo hoo!! Our 2nd quarter FReepathon is now underway!! [Thread II]
Woo hoo!! Our 2nd quarter FReepathon is now well underway!! [Thread IV]
Woo hoo!! Our 2nd quarter FReepathon is well underway!! [Thread VII]
Woo hoo!! Our 2nd quarter FReepathon is well underway!! [Thread VI]
Woo hoo!! Our 2nd quarter FReepathon is well underway!! [Thread V]
Woo hoo!! We have yellow!! And we're now on the home stretch!! [FReepathon thread XXXV]
Woo hoo!! Working on the last $10k!! New monthly donors wanted!! [FReepathon thread XXXIV]
Woo hoo!! Working on the last $11k!! Let's git 'er done!! [FReepathon thread XXXIII]
Woo hoo!! Working on the last $12k!! Let's git 'er done!! [FReepathon thread XXXII]
Woo hoo!! Working on the last $9k!! Where's the yellow? [FReepathon thread XXXV]
Woo hoo!! Working on the last 19%!! Let's wrap this baby up!! [FReepathon thread XXIX]
Woodie Guthrie's New Years Resolution List, 1942
Woodrow Wilson and the "Spirit of the Age"
Woodrow Wilson defends his campaign pledge to be an Unconstitutional Governor
Woods shoots 79 to miss cut at Torrey Pines
Woody Allen speaks out
Woody Allen's daughter...details how he sexually abused her in open letter [Hollywood Perversion]
Woolly Mammoths Are Coming Back, Say Cloning Scientists
Wooly Mammoth Mystery Finally Solved?
Worcester City Council backs doubling gunshot recognition system coverage area
Worcester Diocese under attack from Martha Coakley
Worcester man charged with allegedly enticing 10-year-old boy to make sexually explicit videos
Word For The Day, Monday, March 10, 2014-- aesthete
Word For The Day, Thursday, April 10, 2014 – mordant
Word For The Day, Thursday, April 3, 2014 – basilic
Word For The Day, Thursday, December 12, 2013 – invidious
Word For The Day, Thursday, December 19, 2013 – importune
Word For The Day, Thursday, December 26, 2013 – bluestocking
Word For The Day, Thursday, December 5, 2013 – slumgullion
Word For The Day, Thursday, February 20, 2014 – misoneism
Word For The Day, Thursday, February 27, 2014 – manumit
Word For The Day, Thursday, February 6, 2014 – neologize
Word For The Day, Thursday, January 16, 2014 – sophist
Word For The Day, Thursday, January 2, 2014 - nimiety
Word For The Day, Thursday, January 23, 2014 – aphesis
Word For The Day, Thursday, January 30, 2014 – quondam
Word For The Day, Thursday, January 9, 2014 – comity
Word For The Day, Thursday, March 20, 2014 – sciolism
Word For The Day, Thursday, March 27, 2014 – infix
Word For The Day, Thursday, March 6, 2014 – zeitgeber
Word For The Day, Tuesday, February 4, 2014 – malversation
Word For The Day, Wednesday, April 2, 2014-- triptych
Word For The Day, Wednesday, April 9, 2014-- arriviste
Word For The Day, Wednesday, December 11, 2013-- capstone
Word For The Day, Wednesday, December 18, 2013-- arbitrage
Word For The Day, Wednesday, December 25, 2013-- ex cathedra
Word For The Day, Wednesday, December 4, 2013-- apparatchik
Word For The Day, Wednesday, February 12, 2014-- copper-bottomed
Word For The Day, Wednesday, February 19, 2014-- forte
Word For The Day, Wednesday, February 26, 2014-- incognito
Word For The Day, Wednesday, February 5, 2014-- demarche
Word For The Day, Wednesday, January 1, 2014 - resolution
Word For The Day, Wednesday, January 15, 2014-- dragoman
Word For The Day, Wednesday, January 22, 2014-- panache
Word For The Day, Wednesday, January 29, 2014-- vacuous
Word For The Day, Wednesday, January 8, 2014-- demimonde
Word For The Day, Wednesday, March 19, 2014-- jawboning
Word For The Day, Wednesday, March 26, 2014-- coffle
Word For The Day, Wednesday, March 5, 2014-- superannuated
Word Not Found In NYT 5500 Word Hillary Profile: Benghazi
Word Police's Latest Threat to Freedom
Word for the Day, FRiday 7, 2014 - Coruscate
Word for the Day, FRiday, April 11, 2014 - Yeasty
Word for the Day, FRiday, April 4, 2014 - Inequity
Word for the Day, FRiday, December 13, 2013 -
Word for the Day, FRiday, December 20, 2013 - Philter
Word for the Day, FRiday, December 27, 2013 - Idoneous
Word for the Day, FRiday, December 6, 2013 - Sprat
Word for the Day, FRiday, February 14, 2014
Word for the Day, FRiday, February 21, 2014 - Pukka
Word for the Day, FRiday, February 28, 2014 - Scattergood
Word for the Day, FRiday, January 10, 2014 - Chivy
Word for the Day, FRiday, January 17, 2014 - Tergiversate
Word for the Day, FRiday, January 24, 2014 - Sophist
Word for the Day, FRiday, January 3, 2014 - Abstruse
Word for the Day, FRiday, January 31, 2014 - Imprecation
Word for the Day, FRiday, March 14, 2014 - Chimerical
Word for the Day, FRiday, March 21, 2014 - Invidious
Word for the Day, FRiday, March 7, 2014 - Avowal
Word for the Day, Friday, March 28, 2014 - Wamble
Word for the Day, March 25, 2014
Word for the Day, Monday January 6, 2013
Word for the Day, Monday, December 16, 2013-- concomitant
Word for the Day, Monday, December 23, 2013-- numen
Word for the Day, Monday, December 30, 2013-- opprobrium
Word for the Day, Monday, December 9, 2013-- fey
Word for the Day, Monday, February 10, 2014-- shambolic
Word for the Day, Monday, February 17, 2014-- homage
Word for the Day, Monday, February 3, 2014-- moribund
Word for the Day, Monday, January 13, 2014-- diminution
Word for the Day, Monday, January 20, 2014 - Concinnity
Word for the Day, Monday, January 27, 2014-- casuistic
Word for the Day, Monday, March 17, 2014-- blarney
Word for the Day, Monday, March 24, 2014-- abnegation
Word for the Day, Monday, March 3, 2014-- salvo
Word for the Day, Monday, March 31, 2014-- rapacious
Word for the Day, Thursday February 13, 2014
Word for the Day, Tuesday April 1, 2014
Word for the Day, Tuesday December 10, 2013
Word for the Day, Tuesday December 17, 2013
Word for the Day, Tuesday December 24, 2013
Word for the Day, Tuesday December 31, 2013
Word for the Day, Tuesday February 11, 2014
Word for the Day, Tuesday February 18, 2014
Word for the Day, Tuesday February 25, 2014
Word for the Day, Tuesday January 14, 2014
Word for the Day, Tuesday January 21, 2014
Word for the Day, Tuesday January 28, 2014
Word for the Day, Tuesday January 7, 2013
Word for the Day, Tuesday March 11, 2014
Word for the Day, Tuesday March 18, 2014
Word for the Day, Tuesday, April 7, 2014 -- Play Hooky
Word for the Day, Tuesday, March 4, 2014 - Stolid
Word for the Day, Wednesday, March 12, 2014-- eschaton
Word for the Day-- Monday, February 24, 2014-- malinger
Work for Obama grassroots organization…for free
Work halted on new U.S. Route 460 project (Central Virginia)
Workbook teaches kids that Second Amendment includes gun control
Worker aghast at shoddy work on Fukushima radioactive water storage tanks
Worker fired for using forklift on candy machine
Worker who died in Little India accident: He was drunk and dropped his pants on packed bus
Workers at Tennessee Volkswagen factory reject United Auto Workers union
Workers at auto dealership come face to face with Obamacare trade-offs
Workers sue McDonald's for stealing wages
Workers, bused-in activists target UPMC offices
Workforce Housing in Oil, Gas as a Recruitment, Retention Strategy
Working mothers suffer DOUBLE guilt because they worry about being a poor parent and poor employee
Working-age Military Retirees might be charge a monthly fee for Tricare in future Budget Options
Workzone: Black teen unemployment rate almost twice U.S. average
World Bank a security risk to the world order?
World Bank postpones Uganda loan over anti-gay law
World Boxing champ Vitali Klitschko emerges as contender in Ukraine crisis
World Cup Security Concerns Grow as Santos Fan is Beaten to Death...
World Cup draw gives defending champion Spain a repeat of the 2010 final
World Exclusive: Inside the $500 Million Plot To Destroy Hillary Clinton
World Giving Index 2013: U.S. Is #1
World Health Organisation advises halving sugar intake
World Net Daily: U.S. siding with neo-Nazis
World Not Ready for Climate Change, New Report Says
World Peace Through Equal Redistribution of Race Cards
World Turns Away as Rebel Massacres of Syrian Christians Intensify
World View: Narendra Modi May Change India's 'No First Use' Nuclear Policy
World View: Russia Declares the Autonomous Republic of Crimea
World Vision Board Member Resigns Over Gay Uproar
World Vision Reverses Decision on Gay Married Employees: 'We Made a Mistake'
World Vision reverses decision to hire gays
World Vision reverses gay hiring decision
World Vision to Hire Married Gay Christians
World Vision: Why We're Hiring Gay Christians in Same-Sex Marriages
World War I Claims Two More Casualties ... in 2014
World War II Bushmaster Remembered in San Jose
World War II Veteran Honored by Runners, Caught by Reporter's Video
World War II in Europe Every Day (fascinating timelapse)
World War II veteran en route to Pearl Harbor ceremony booted from flight
World War One: 10 interpretations of who started WW1
World War Two bomb kills seven in Bangkok
World asleep as China tightens deflationary vice
World debt reaches $100 trillion, U.S. share 58 percent
World governments agree to automatic information sharing
World in peril: Obama's self-fulfilling nuclear policy inching ever closer
World premiere: ‘Ballad for Trayvon Martin’ at Princeton University(barf alert)
World press freedom index 2014
World risks deflationary shock as BRICS puncture credit bubbles
World stocks tumble on weak China, Japan data
World's 'Longest-Serving' Death Row Inmate Granted Retrial
World's Dirtiest Man: 80-Year-Old Hasn't Bathed in 60 Years
World's First 3D Printed BULLETS- TERRIFYING?
World's First Kim Jong-un Impersonator Wows Onlookers In Hong Kong
World's Most Notorious Drug-Lord - Billionaire Mexican Cartel Boss "El Chapo" - Captured
World's climate warming faster than feared, scientists say
World's greatest hacker calls Healthcare.gov security 'shameful'
World's largest gingerbread house welcomes visitors
World's largest solar plant scorching birds in Nevada desert
World's oldest photos of Far East show horrific aftermath of English.. assault on Chinese
Worlds Biggest Cat is a Liger
Worldwide Christian persecution a growing trend, report shows
Worldwide poll of Catholics shows… a lot of confusion
World’s 85 richest have same wealth as 3.5 billion poorest (says Oxfam)
World’s ATMs still running Windows XP—and wildly out of date
World’s Iconic Landmarks To Go Dark For Earth Hour [time to contemplate the Earth’s environment]
World’s banana supply at risk from increasing number of bugs and spread of fungal disease
World’s largest aircraft unveiled and hailed ‘game changer’
World’s largest solar plant is open, but its mirrors scorch birds (Cal--f Mohve Desert )
World’s worst human finally arrested by the FBI
Worried Obama begs donors, 'Do you still have my back?'
Worried about Senate, (exempt) Obama calls 2014 his last campaign
Worse Than Death Panels: Cookbook Medicine
Worse than Wendy
Worst Congress Ever?
Worst Police Sketch Ever: TX Cops Release Sketch of Robbery Suspect ...Looks Like a Bad Cartoon
Worst Week for Abortion in 50 Years
Worst rollout of the year? Ohio candidate owes $1 million in back taxes
Worst state for drivers? That would be Louisiana, says new report
Worst. Idea. Ever.
Worst. Week. Yet.
Would America Go to War with Russia?
Would Americans Actually Dare Revolt Against This Abusive Government?
Would Jesus Approve of SI’s Swimsuit Issue?
Would Jesus bake cakes for gay weddings?
Would Obama attend Billy Graham's funeral (Graham is still with us as of this writing)
Would Someone Just Shut That Pope Up? (no, he doesn't really mean that!)
Would U.S. Natural Gas Exports Put Putin in His Place?
Would You Trust the System if Your Kid Were On Trial?
Would it be any different if Rodman had went to Iraq & shook hands with Saddam in 1983 under Reagan?
Would you know of the thread re a former CIA Agent?
Would you let your daughter wear this T-shirt?
Would you like to see an Eastern Orthodox figure next to Father Morris on Fox News?
Would-be Bank Robber: 'Sorry ... My Kids are Hungry.'
Would-be Canadians to wait longer for citizenship
Wounded Syrian couple treated in Israel: “We were taught this is a brutal enemy state, but we
Wounded Warrior Blasts Obama for Lack of Leadership in Fiercely Worded Open Letter
Wounded Warriors Project “legal scam” kills off grassroots, all-volunteer...
Wounded Warriors: No record of donation from waitress who said she got anti-gay note
Wounded war hero’s powerful open letter calls President Obama an ‘elitist rich thug’
Wow: Greta drops a bomb about White House trying “very hard” to get Fox not to report on Benghazi
Wow: Obama down 23 points among Latinos in 2013
Wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka named a person of interest in mysterious, 1983 death of his former..
Wretched with Todd Friel - False Prophet Called Out!
Wretched: Joel Osteen is Dangerous [Protestant Caucus]
Write the Things Which Are...Rev 4-6 pt 2
Write-In Tea Party Candidate Fights For Win In Pennsylvania State Senate Special Election
Writing 'Rudolph': The Original Red-Nosed Manuscript
Writing Checks to Mel Gibson (On the movie "Son of God")
Wrong Again
Wrong Again… John Kerry Says There Were No Deaths from West Bank Terror in 2013…(There Were 5)
Wrong Twin Charged With San Jose Murder, Prosecutor Say
Wrong on Principles (Illegal Aliens)
Wrong time, right place
Wrongfully Convicted Freed In Record Numbers Last Year
Wyo spent $7.9 million on sage grouse conservation, Barrasso on LNG exports and more
Wyoming Man has Conviction Overturned, Charges Dismissed in Self-defense Shooting
Wyoming May Act to Plug Abandoned Wells as Natural Gas Boom Ends
Wyoming welder faces $75,000 a day in EPA fines for building pond on his property
Wyoming: What do y'all think of this guy? (Dr. Taylor Haynes)
X-FLARE! AR1967 returned to the Earthside of the sun on Feb. 25th and promptly erupted
X-Ray Released Of Tree Trimmer With Chainsaw Embedded Into His Neck (PA)
XL Pipeline Question???
XMAS flash mob in Boston
Xbox Live among game services targeted by US and UK spy agencies (NSA scandal grows)
Y'all Ready For This? (eastern storm predictions)
YAL, Liberty Action Fund Endorses Chris McDaniel
YATSENYUK: conflict with Russia transitioned from political to military STAGE
YAY, YAY, YAY---school is closed today!!!
YEE CAMPAIGN AD EXPOSES ENTIRE HYPOCRISY OF LIBERALISM IN 1:11
YEEEAAARRRRRGGGHHHH!!! 10 years later, Howard Dean embraces the 'Dean Scream'
YET ANOTHER ‘FAST AND FURIOUS’ GUN TURNS UP AT SCENE OF DEADLY SHOOTOUT
YOUR GRAMMYS’ CHURCH
Ya'alon: There's No Peace Partner, Only Incitement
Yaalon: Iran Using Diplomatic Mail, Drug Routes to Attack U.S.
Yaalon: Lebanese Army Will Place Shooter on Trial
Yacht sailing couple wanted for welfare fraud
Yahoo Finance Tosses Cold Water on Obamacare 'Enrollment' Number
Yahoo Mail acting up, is your's?
Yahoo email account passwords stolen
Yahoo reports breach of some email accounts
Yahoo says email accounts hacked, passwords stolen
Yahoo! News Promotes PBS Hit Piece on Catholic Church, Benedict XVI
Yahweh Is the Sweetest Name I Know
Yahweh’s Substance is your makeup "Christ alive" in you, surrender and receive !
Yakutsk Mayor Urges to Return an Island Near Alaska to the Russian Church
Yale University [falsely] Thinks I Have an Eating Disorder [ordered to eat junk food] [link only]
Yankee One Dollar Closing Remaining Stores Due to Obamacare
Yanukovych heads list of 24 fugitives wanted for mass murder
Yanukovych hiding in Greece's Mount Athos, Ukrainian media claims
Yanukovych reportedly declares he is Ukraine's president [will hold press conference]
Yanukovych tried to bribe border guards to leave Ukraine from Donetsk
Yasser Arafat not poisoned, French experts say
Yeah, We All Know The REAL Reason This New Mexico Bank Voluntarily Took Down Its American Flag
Year 6. "The List": Obama's Two Hundred and Sixty-First Week in Office
Year in Review: NRCC Highlights the 'Biggest Democrat Fails of 2013'
Year-End Awards: The ‘Gunning for the Second Amendment Award’
Yearly Climate Change Spending 10x More Than UN Estimate for Ending World Hunger
Yearning for briefs and fees
Years Late, NYT Discovers Obamacare Premiums Are Whacking the Upper-Middle Class
Yedlin: Valentine's experiment shares love for oil
Yee-Haw! America’s Heroes Have Always Been Cowboys
Yellen Echoes Bernanke In First Congressional Testimony As Fed Chair
Yellen Economist Says It Would Be Better if Unemployment Was Higher (Excerpted repost)
Yellen lays down the law, prefers gender-neutral title: Report
Yellen's Low-flation Nonsense
Yellen: Economy Still Needs Extraordinary Support
Yellen’s Real-Life Examples of Unemployed Omit Criminal Records
Yellowstone National Park rattled by largest earthquake in 34 years
Yellowstone Supervolcano "Even More Colossal" Than Thought
Yellowstone Volcano Eruption in 2014? Are Animals Fleeing Park As ‘An Alert’?
Yemeni Told Wife on Phone He Was Being Devoured by Hyena
Yes! I’m Running for Office! Vote Jackson! [Ex-Saturday Night Live Star]
Yes, Atheism and Conservatism Are Compatible [uh, huh. bye]
Yes, Hillary is too old but it’s the brain damage that should concern you
Yes, Homosexual Movement IS After Your God-Given Rights
Yes, I Hate the Cable Company Too
Yes, I have MS -- my life with multiple sclerosis
Yes, It Was The Yes, It Was The Government’s Fault All Along
Yes, It’s A “Major Issue:” The Industrialized World Is Abandoning The U.S.
Yes, Jesus Would Bake A Cake for a Gay Person
Yes, Jesus would bake a cake for a gay person
Yes, Mary DOES Know
Yes, Mr. [James] Bond, we expect you to die -- from booze [life expectancy of 56 years] [link only]
Yes, Please: Sen. Marco Rubio Accepts Taxpayer-Funded Obamacare Subsidy
Yes, We Should Discuss the Clintons’ Past
Yes, of course a business owner should have the right to refuse service to gay people
Yes, she really said that. Wendy Davis: "Texas is not really a red state"
Yes, the CIA Flew U-2 Spy Planes From Aircraft Carriers
Yes, the Navy Did Try To Ban The “Don’t Tread On Me Patch”
Yes, the Wealthy Can Be Deserving
Yesh Atid MK to Piron: Stop support of yeshiva that rejoiced at Sharon's death
Yesh Atid Political Appointment Scam Alleged
Yeshua’s Famous Last Words Amen, Emet, Truth
Yesterday a Knight Templar, Today a Member of Self-Defense Group
Yesterday, the Internet Solved a 20-Year-Old Mystery
Yesterday’s Mammoth Solar Flare Is The Biggest Of 2014 So Far
Yet Another Obama-Funded Electric Car Company Goes Belly Up
Yet Another Pre-School Program?
Yet Another Press Misreading of Vatican News
Yet another Bitcoin exchange implodes: Vircurex will freeze accounts tomorrow
Yet another Example of the Failure of Keynesian Economics
Yet another Fast & Furious gun turns up at a crime scene in Mexico
Yet another hate crime hoax: This time a trans-gender victim
Yevgeny Plushenko, revered and divisive, ends 'legendary' career
Yikes: Germany under investigation for their green-energy policies
Yo, Y’all Hiring? Man Pulls Gun To Get McDonald’s Job
Yolo County concealed weapons law overturned
Yoo-hoo ObamaCare reaches 4% of Goal (Epic Failure! or the ObamaCare Roll Out Scale)
You Are Invited! Power Line, Ricochet, Fraters Meet-Up on Saturday
You Are Planning to Do What?
You Asked for It: Info on Linda Vega For U.S. Senate from Texas (Vanity)
You Be the Judge: When Should Government Be Allowed to Take Your Children?
You Better Watch Out—St. Nicholas is Coming to Town
You Blew it! This is What United Airlines Calls First Class?
You Can Play - Denver Mayor Michael Hancock (Endorsing homosexuality)
You Can’t Save the World
You Can’t Spell “Progressive” without an “S.S.”
You Can’t Wish Away the Fertility Gap: We ignore it at our peril.
You Deserve A Break Today
You Don't Have To Buy An E-ZPass From The State Where You Live
You Don’t Have To Own a Gun To Support The 2nd Amendment
You Go Girl! Jordanian Woman Married to Four Men in Rare Case of Middle Eastern Polyandry
You Gotta’ Break a Few Eggs To Make An Obama Anomaly
You Had Sparkle In Your Eye: The Funk Ballads of Cameo
You Knew it was Coming: “Experts” Say Pedophilia is a Sexual Orientation – Hard-wired at Birth
You Know Who Shut Down Roads, Parks and Memorials for Political Reasons
You Know the Difference Between Genius and Stupidity?
You Lie!
You May Be 3D Printing Your Own Clothes By The End Of 2014
You May Be Shocked at God’s answer…Should You Trust “God’s Ministers”? [Cultist]
You Might Pay A Lot More Than $95 For Skipping Health Insurance
You Must Be Born Again
You Need Ben Sasse in the Senate
You Only Thought You Wanted to Keep Your Hospital (Libs’ healthcare elitism)
You Picked A Fine Time to Leave Me, Blue Shield
You Shall Not Pass, Dog 2014 [NEW VERSION]
You Should Have 5% of Your Portfolio in Bitcoin
You Should Read Paul Krugman On The Emerging-Market Turmoil
You Still Don’t Understand Islamism, Do You?
You Too Can Make Millions "Flipping" Houses (As Seen on TV)
You Took A Fine Time To Leave Me Blue Shield
You Tube Symphony of The Day:Luciano Pavaroti:Figaro
You Were Warned: Obama as Victim
You Will Be Made to Care
You Will Be Made to Care (Ref: Duck Dynasty and the Gaystapo)
You Won’t Believe How This Teacher Is Spending Spring Break (sex change operation)
You can accuse the TSA of a lot of stuff, but never this...
You can run, but you can’t hide (Navy’s IRST system successfully completes first flight)
You cannot Just say No to the Obamacare race questionnaire
You can’t argue with an ideologue — the gun control edition
You can’t celebrate America, school says
You could thank the idiot Gerald Ford for making us endure Justice Stevens
You got to marry these girls when they're 15 or 16....The witch hunt begins on Robertson
You must be joking: IL partners with The Onion to push Obamacare
You need to see these new polls showing our Democratic Senate majority in serious jeopardy.
You really CAN tell how intelligent a man is just by looking at him
You're Drinking the Wrong Kind of Milk
You're Invited: D.C. Chapter's Annual Freep of White House Correspondents Dinner 5/03/14
You're Probably Not Saved, Yet.
You're Right to Choose This Movie
You've Had Eggnog With Bourbon, But Have You Tried it With Beer?
You've Never Seen a Snowflake in This Much Detail!
You, Sir, Are No Abe Lincoln
YouTube Censors Major Anti-Obama Channel
YouTube Censors Major Anti-Obama Channel&#8207;
YouTube Symphony of the Day:By Special Request -Nessum Dorma
YouTube Video Demonstrates How Foreign Languages Sound to Nonspeakers
YouTube ban: How Turkish officials conspired to stage Syria attack to provoke war
YouTube: Caught on Minnesota Highway Webcam:Car Flips Over Falls Off OverPass
YouTube:1954 Commercial for the UNIVAC Computer (Hilariously Anachronistic)
YouTube:A Debate Among Constitutional Experts On The Future of Firearms Laws in the U.S.
YouTube:British Super-Heroes: The Muslim Army of Peace
YouTube:No Black Women or Asian Women Found or Wanted in Muslim Heaven! ABSOLUTE BARF ALERT
YouTube:Obama Special Edition:Hail To The Chief
YouTube:Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's Christmas Greeting - 2013
YouTube:The Most Awkward Moments In Political History (You Know Them All Well)
Young Adults Gain Most in 2013
Young Americans Expect Obamacare to Be Repealed (Cruz vindicated!)
Young Christian Killed and Beheaded by Jihadists
Young Conservatives Fuel Optimism in the Liberty Movement
Young Europeans lack job skills, US consultancy says (McKinsey)
Young Girl Draws Interesting Portrait of Mom at Work
Young Liberal: As Much As I Support Obamacare, I Just Can't Afford It
Young Libertarians Aim to Be Players in 2014 Elections (Your Opinions Please)
Young People Are Falling Into A Health Insurance Subsidy Gap
Young People Don't Change - Neither Does the N.Y. Times. ... Ann Coulter
Young People's Objections to Obamacare Called Selfish
Young Republicans Find Fault With Elders on List of Social Issues
Young Voters Would Recall Obama, Congress, If Possible;
Young Woman Who Died from Botched Late-Term Abortion Identified
Young Women Are Driving Record Firearm Sales
Young activist fights to bring deported mom back
Young ballerinas kicked out of theater for MSNBC's Obama interview
Young invincibles spurn O-Care (New Husseincare 21.2 crisis)
Young men, step up the Obama's challenge (New initiative for boys of color, "My Brother's Keeper")
Young mom, 21, and 25-year-old man shot dead in murder-suicide in Maryland
Young nun wows judges on Italy's 'The Voice'
Young people have bailed on Obama. Why that matters a lot.
Young people who use high potency ‘skunk’ cannabis daily ‘have psychotic episodes earlier’
Young pipers descend on capital for contest
Young: Don't equate West with Third World misogyny
Youngest Obama Daughter's Real Name NOT 'Sasha', but Soviet/Russian 'Natasha'...
Your Ash Wednesday Prayers (Devotion)
Your Congressman Can Now Wish You a Merry Christmas
Your Favorite Article of Concealed Carry Clothing?
Your Grammys' Church
Your New Year's Resolutions?
Your Pledge for Detroit - Bailout scheme takes from other needs
Your Soul Will Last Forever...Mark 8 pt 8
Your favorite Christmas Movie or TV Show/Special? [Vanity]
Your food's in the printer...machine lets you create & eat your meal from freshly squeezed syringes
Your government’s message to you, “Happy New Year! Now start paying more tax!”
Your husband doesn’t have to earn your respect
Your kid’s new college course: ‘The Sociology of Miley Cyrus’
Your patron saint for 2014!
Your porn is not Canadian enough, CRTC warns erotica channels
Youth Probably Not Withholding for Obamacare Taxes
Youth and dangerous weapons:
Youth participation low in early Obamacare enrollment
Youtube: Inside Scientology Sea Org meeting
You’ll never guess what this [beekeeper] loves to do in his spare time [w/pix]
You’re Invited! Barack Obama’s Ugly Sweater Party
You’re Too Old for MRI under Obama Care
You’re not ready to have sex if…
Yuengling to release Summer Wheat seasonal beer
Yuk-Yuk… Obama Calls GOP Economic Plan a “Stinkburger” (Video)
Yuletide Gift for Pope Francis: Vast Popularity Among Catholics
Yulia Marushevska @ Toronto City Hall: "I Am a Ukrainian" - Toronto.
Yulia Tymoshenko to run for Ukraine leader
Yushchenko, hero of Ukraine’s Orange Revolution warns Europe that Putin won’t stop at Crimea
Yutu rover Suffers Significant Setback at Start of 2nd Lunar Night
ZUBRIN: The folly of blocking natural-gas exports
ZZ TOP, THE MOVING SIDEWALKS & THE 13TH FLOOR ELEVATORS | TEXAS MUSIC LEGENDS
Zakynthos - Cover up of a lost Greek city?
Zarif: Iran will address atomic activities, but nuclear program to stay 'intact'
Zebras Have Stripes to Avoid Flies, Not Lions
Zeituni Onyango, President Obama’s aunt who fought deportation, dies
Zeituni Onyango: President Obama’s Aunt Dies At 61
Zell warns: Wealth redistribution or growth-but you can't have both!
Zeman: Crisis in the Crimea is so deep because of Kosovo (Czech president - translation)
Zero Oregon Obamacare Enrollees After Four Months and $305 Million
Zero Tolerance, Evil Objects, and the Psychosis of the Left
Zero Tolerance: Chicago School Officials Suspend 11-Year-Old Boy Under ‘Dangerous Weapons’ Policy
Zhang Yimou Fined $1.2 Million for Breaking China's One Child Policy
Zimbabwe: Witch-Hunter's Antics Cause Confusion, Disbelief At Chichera
Zimmer sees flags around Manziel (Thank you, Jesus!)
Zimmerman Continues to Be a Horrible Person; Mocks Prosecutor w/Painting, Faces More Legal Troubles
Zimmerman case was everything Dunn case was not
Zimmerman civil rights violations ruling coming soon? Holder hints Trayvon murder decision coming
Zimmerman ex-girlfriend recants gun assault accusation
Zimmerman tries to profit from Trayvon Martin slaying with painting; AP demands halt to sale
Zimmerman won't be charged in alleged domestic incident with girlfriend
Zimmerman's parents sue comedienne Roseanne Barr
Zingrone: What did you expect? (Taxpayer-funded professor bashes Christianity, promotes gays)
Zion Isaiah Blick: Video Captures Family’s 10 Days With Baby Born With Fatal Heart Defect
Zionist Rabbi: Enlisting Women Dangerous, Immoral
ZoNATION: Media Drive-By On Jindal
ZoNation: The Obamaphone Lady Shows Liberalism Arrests Development
Zombie Bees Invade Eastern U.S.
Zombie Studies Gain Ground on College Campuses
Zombies, the Apocalypse, and the Decline of the Republic
Zoo receives threats over giraffe's death
Zookeepers mistakenly attempt to mate two male sloths, unsurprisingly don’t get results
Zullo on Release Date: PPSIMMONS will know first!
Zuma tells South Africa’s main broadcaster not to report on calls for him to stand down…
Zynga Helps Build Bitcoin Buzz But Don’t Get Carried Away – Yet.
[ Colo Gov] Cory Gardner changes position on ‘personhood’ laws ( no longer supports)
[ Spoof site - Satire ] September 3, 2009 From the Archives: Joel Osteen Reads the Gospels for the F
[2011] Craig Breedlove Going for 800 MPH Land Speed Record in 2013
[2012] Growth of ethanol fuel stalls in Brazil
[Another] Official key to implementation of Obamacare resigns
[Anti-Christian, Pro-Sodomite] Queen Latifah to perform 'America the Beautiful' at Super Bowl
[As Christians start fighting back] Obama calls for calm in Central African Republic
[Ashton] Kutcher on Entrenched Monopolies and Regulatory Bullying
[Atlanta] Archbishop Gregory apologizes for building $2.2M home
[Award winning new hires] HISD official, principal arrested on drug charges
[Bishop] Egan Under Fire Over Plan to Deny Communion to Dissenting MPs [UK]
[Black] Crown Heights Councilwoman Blames Growth of Jewish Community for ‘Knockout Attacks’
[Bobby Rush] Illinois Democrat reveals ethics review ["I've been just totally honest.."]
[Boeing] 787 assembly problems in Charleston drag on Everett
[Bolivia] The Church reflects on the situation: "The people no longer have hope in this government"
[Bullied NFL Player] Jonathan Martin Traded To 49ers For Conditional Pick
[CATHOLIC CAUCUS] Deacon Nick stands down from Protect the Pope for a period of prayer & reflection
[CATHOLIC CAUCUS] Fr. Z on Fr. Finigan on the Franciscan Friars of the Immaculate
[CATHOLIC CAUCUS] In the Midst of Much Blood God extended a Rose. A Meditation on Guadalupe…
[CATHOLIC CAUCUS] The Mass of Vatican II (Long, but good read)
[CATHOLIC CAUCUS] The Vatican Survey
[CATHOLIC CAUCUS] Visit Me by Night
[CATHOLIC CAUCUS] Waging War
[CATHOLIC CAUCUS]Francis, and the Coming Passion of the Church
[CATHOLIC CAUCUS][Cardinal Burke:] The Pope’s radical call to the new evangelization
[CATHOLIC/ORTHODOX CAUCUS] Pope at January 1 Mass: Mary, Mother of God, Mother for all
[CT] Gun-grabbing cop goes ballistic: 'I'm the master!'
[CT] State employees given early dismissal before storm
[California] State Board Votes To Allow Prostitutes To Be Paid Victim Compensation
[Cardinal] Kasper Proposes Appointing Women as Heads of Pontifical Councils
[Cat 5] Cyclone Ita shows no sign of weakening as it heads for north Queensland
[Catholic Caucus] Not exactly RCIA and sharing your feelings
[Catholic Caucus] On the Holy Family [Angelus]
[Catholic Caucus] On the Immaculate Conception (Angelus)
[Catholic Caucus] Pope Francis: ‘Be Courageous, and Go to Confession’
[Catholic priest] Eric Dejaeger was defrocked in 2011, Oblates confirm
[Catholic/Orthodox Caucus] Synod 2014 on marriage: Lots of smoke, but hardly any mirrors
[Catholic/SSPX Caucus] Lefebvrianism (2)
[Catholic/SSPX/Traditionalist Anglican Caucus] (Crypto)Lefebvrianism (1)
[Chaput:] Lent and the Road Less Traveled
[Christian Sabbatarian Caucus] The Sabbath in the Age to Come
[Credit] Card skimmers found at LIRR ticket machines
[ECUMENICAL] “Satan is right now shaking the Church to her very foundations over this...
[Ecumenical] Does Inaction Politicize the Faith?
[Flashback] No Intention To Question First Lady [Burwell went through Vince Foster's Trash]
[Former CT Gov.] Rowland Indicted In Two Alleged Campaign Finance Schemes
[Fr.] Edward T. Oakes, S.J.: An Appreciation [Ecumenical]
[France's] Hollande Converts, Proposes Austerity and Lower Taxes To Boost Growth in France
[Galveston] Island lawsuit seeks to block public housing
[Good News]New York City mayor to protest St. Patty’s Day march
[Gov] Perry names Houston lawyer secretary of state [Nandita Berry, wife of Michael Berry]
[Harvard law professor] Dershowitz Says D’Souza Case ‘Smacks of Selective Prosecution’
[Hillary2016] $6 Billion Goes Missing at State Department
[Hillary2016] Hillary Clinton praises Pussy Riot who desecrated Russian Orthodox cathedral
[Illinois] Special Report: Abuse, neglect death toll was undercounted by DCFS over five years
[Independent Maine Sen Angus] King may switch sides and join the Republicans after midterms
[India] Orissa, ruling on raped nun "example of collusion between the state and Hindu extremists "
[Infographic] Next-gen Eurofighter Typhoon fighter jet takes to the skies
[Live Thread] House Energy & Commerce Cmte.: Sec. Sebelius on ACA
[Los Angeles] City Council Panel Eyes Tougher Limits On E-Cigarette Use In Public
[Los Angeles] Sheriff Baca admits shortcomings in hiring problem officers
[Louisiana] Abortion supporters praise repeal of clinic rules
[Louisiana] House health committee backs new abortion rules
[MN] Antibullying bill raises troubling questions
[May Day, 2007] Was 'Srebrenica Genocide' a Hoax?
[Mexico:]Human rights agency investigates after Mexican army denies chase killed 5 teens in Reynosa
[Mozilla] Eich Is Out. So Is Tolerance.
[NYT's] Benghazi reporter Kirkpatrick showed his naked body to all in college
[New vs. Old Evangalization] THIS TIME WILL NOT BE THE SAME
[North Carolina] Students, parents upset about nun's message about homosexuals
[OBIT] Pillsbury Dough Boy enters 10-3-39
[O]bama administration cooked the books, used student loan profits to make Obamacare look good
[Obama and Iran warn] Republican Senate takeover could kill Iran nuclear agreement
[Obama] “He does not believe in this country.”
[Personal] Young Marine Widower needs our support...
[Peter] King [(R-N.Y.)] blasts 'morons' in Republican Party
[Photo] U.S. F/A-18E Hornet operates from French Aircraft Carrier
[Piers] Morgan to [Rick] Warren: Will Christians’ Perspective on Gay Marriage ever ‘Evolve’?
[Politico's] Dylan Byers: MSNBC Is Everything the Left Accuses Fox News of Being
[Pope] Francis joins Facebook
[Rep. Chris] Smith on Iraqi Christians: 'Life Appears to Be Worse Now' Than Under Saddam
[Rep. Elijah] Cummings: Ted Cruz 'got an earful' from Dems on South Africa trip
[Rochester, NY] Mayor's new team member sidestepped full disclosure
[Rochester,] New York cops call video taped ‘Knockout’ attack harassment, not assault
[SATIRE] Catholic Church Switches To Flavored Communion
[SPOILER ALERT]-Results for Olympics Ice Dancing
[S]hot dead by female police officer 'who mistook Nintendo Wii controller ... for a gun'
[Sabbatarian Caucus]Bible Reading: Isaiah 58:13,14
[San Francisco] SFPD: Struck bicyclist was going wrong way
[San Francisco] Suspicious fire scorches SF Chinese Consulate door
[Sen candidate] Walsh disputes Army report he used Natl Guard general’s post for private gain
[South Texas:]6 Investigates: New City Attorney's Remarks Questioned
[South Texas:]Former county employee to spend jail time for corruption
[South Texas:]Man Found Bound and Tortured
[T]he moments before police officer fatally shot newlywed firefighter in downtown KC
[Tech] Character-based web browsers
[Texas Moderate] Lt. Gov. Dewhurst Fights for Survival in GOP Race
[Texas RINO] Speaker Straus the Biggest Loser in House Primary Races
[Texas:]DPS flies $7.4 million spy plane to the border
[The Idiot Speaks] McCain: Obama Smartest Man in the Room
[Tim] Hudak unviels the idea of a "Transit Trust" to fund GTHA Ttansit.
[Today's] Moral Issues
[Tom] Latham Announces His Retirement from Congress (IA-3)
[UK Govt. Minister] Maude criticises 'old style' US IT (Obamacare specifically)
[UK] Equality between the sexes in every aspect of life? It just doesn’t work. Get over it
[Update] Enterprise willing to 'work' with woman on hook for $47K Mustang
[Update] Jailed transgender woman being sent back to U.K.
[Update] Kristen Cockerill won't have to pay for stolen $47K rental car
[VANITY] The Pope and The Won...decoding diplomatic language
[VIDEO] Al Gore: Africa’s Population Is A Problem That “Must Be Addressed”
[VIDEO] Do Less Guns Mean Less Murders In A Country? Great video compares the USA to the UK.
[VIDEO] Residents support principal who BANNED speaking spanish in middle school classroom
[VIDEO] What Happens When A State Decides To Implement So-Called "Common Sense" Gun Laws?
[Vanity/Geek Humor and Otherwise] RPN Jokes?
[Vanity] Anyone Get "The Gamut"?
[Vanity] Cannot Find A New Doctor Under My Employer Plan Since Year End
[Vanity] Does Anyone Search Before Posting Anymore?
[Vanity] Here's an example of why RT [Russia Today] is not a reliable source
[Vanity] Merry CHRISTmas to all
[Vanity] My older Brother has invoked his DNR - 41 years a Quad is enough! [Vanity]
[Vanity] When will the 1st Qtr 2014 FReepathon start
[Video] Fox News’ Bob Beckel Calls NRA’s Colion Noir “A Punk” Over His MLK Day Gun Rights Video
[Video] SHOCKING: Students Sign Petition to Imprison All Gun Owners in Concentration Camps
[Video] The Connecticut Gun Control Laws Explained In 2 Minutes
[Video] What Happens When Bureaucrats Who "Need" Your Money More Than You Get Called On It?
[WATCH] Philly newscaster gets rocked by snowplow
[WATCH] Reid calls Republicans ‘Koch addicts’ from Senate floor
[WATCH] Sarah Silverman promotes access to abortions in PSA starring ‘Jesus’
[WV Dem Senator]Manchin: Obamacare could suffer ‘complete meltdown’
[W]ife who vanished after taking a stroll near her home .... is found DEAD in Texas woods
[Walter Williams] Black People Duped
[Watch] Dem Threatens House Republicans – You Have 34 Days, Pass Amnesty or Obama Will
[Watch] Eric Holder Gave Terrorists Same Documents He Refuses To Give To Congress
[Watch] Rep Trey Gowdy Hammers Press – 8 Benghazi Questions They Have Never Asked
[Why I Am Catholic] Sec John Kerry Gets Earful From The Vatican SecState Regarding The HHS Mandate
[Wisconsin Gov Scott] Walker 2, Unions 0
[another] New O-Care delay to help midterm Dems
[catholic-hierarchy] Consistory to Create New Cardinals, 2014 (now with Names!) [Catholic Caucus]
[incoherent] Biden: Relationship with China requires trust
[vanity question] Cloud Computing / Virtual Desktop Questions
[vanity] Reloading advice for Springfield XDS compact 45
and some smarter advice from Mr Coolidge for John Boehner
anti gay marriage scriptures
bacon vanity, image from Facebook
barackobama.com advertises for “unpaid” interns [while Obama says we should raise minimum wage]
best high efficiency natural gas furnace ?
changes in the family
chimera global holdings ?
circa 1915 Vintage Photo: Cat On A Cannon
democrat fascism takes another ugly turn
democrats find Koch’s hard to swallow
democrats: women are stupid and we mean to take full advantage of it
eBay Adds New ‘Virtual Currency’ Category to US Site
eBay Building Digital Wallet That Stores ‘Multiple Types’ of Currency
earthquake Los Angeles
easiest way to get pics off a galaxy 3 android to print
ffluent drunk driving teen who killed 4 sentenced to probation on 'affluenza' defense
financed their millionaire lifestyle with $7 MILLION shop-lifting spree+
hU.S. relations with Russia face critical tests in 2014 as Putin, Obama fail to fulfill expectations
how does "True Crime" end this weekend?
how ‘climate change is messing up’ the search for the missing Malaysian airliner
http://atr.rollcall.com/bullock-appoints-walsh-baucus-montana/
http://blurbrain.com/is-kwanzaa-fading-away/
http://shtfschool.com/general/a-typical-day-during-shtf/
http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/369981/divisions-have-begun-immigration-fred-bauer
http://www.nola.com/crime/index.ssf/2014/01/nopd_makes_arrest_in_connectio.html#incart_m-rpt-2
iOS 7 now running on 85% of iPads, iPhones, iPods, says Apple
iPad Baby Seat: Bad Parenting or Sign of the Times?
iPhone slips in Europe as Windows Phone claims OVER 10% market share
iPhone text message retrieval help?
iPhone users are disappointed with the iOS 7.1 software update...
it is a bad sign
izarro World: Putin and the Patriarch Call Russia to Return to Moral Values
just another
just got laid off yesterday, would appreciate prayers
just saw "Noah". downer of a movie.
kidnapped_nuns_no_longer_bear_the_cross
legislator says Republicans would force abortion if daughter ‘got pregnant by a black man’
lotte geeven records sound from deepest hole on the planet
millennials Unfriend Democrats
ndo-Israeli LR-SAM Naval Test This Year
obama,obamacare,cats,friends,#GetCovered
obamacare is intolerably hurtful to everyone,
ou want the good news or the bad news about Obamacare?
ower Moreland High School teacher had sex with student, DA says
potus phych evaluation
prayers appreciated
question on impeachment
say hi to you all
silly boomers
ted talk: Mikko Hypponen: How the NSA betrayed the world's trust
textbook claims Reagan was sexist, Conservatives view people as incapable of ‘charity,’ ‘lazy’
the happy couple: John and Barack
the saddest Christmas wish lists ever
title:Islamic Front fighters take over Free Syrian Army bases near Turkish border
vanity - Post your reviews of "The Hobbit"
vanity - did anyone just feel an earthquake in SC?
vanity - need help identifying song
vanity : question about miltary time . What time is it during war time?
vanity: question on nuclear testing
weather.gov website very sick today (December 11, 2013)
word from the Liberal bastion of the coastal Pacific NorthWest
{ } woman hurls ketchup bottles after loud, profane cell phone conversation. (Video)
{Sheldon Whitehouse, D-R.I.} Senator presses EPA to scrutinize refinery emissions
…Prancing Dudes brought to you by Obama Care (if you thought PJ boi was bad)
…and a fun time was had by all. (Take a friend shooting!)
…and then the crazy gets turned up to 12.
‘ General Betray-us ‘
‘2016’ Filmmaker Dinesh D’Souza vs. Ex-Domestic Terrorist Bill Ayers in Contentious Debate
‘A TRUE CHRISTMAS STORY’: AN ACT UNLIKE ANYTHING THIS WALMART HAS EVER SEEN
‘A slap on the wrist’: Delaware fines abortionist $1,500 for running filthy ‘meat-market’ clinic
‘Absolutely Un-American’: Dem Rep. Explodes During IRS Investigation Hearing; Issa Walks Out
‘Abyss’ Between Church Teaching and Many Family Situations Must be Bridged, Says Cardinal [Kasper]
‘Active’ Bronze Age woman found in Highland woods
‘Alarming’ Flu Epidemic Escalates, Cedars Sinai Has Visitors Wear Surgical Masks To Slow Spread
‘Alcohol leads to good cheer at high-school parties’ and other insightful scientific research
‘All These People Tried To Buy Guns and We Stopped Them’: Two Gun-Control Governors
‘Allah Gave Israel to The Jews; There’s No Palestine’ (says Muslim scholar in Jordan)
‘America the vulgar’ - The decadence is obvious to all except its elitist sources
‘American Spartan’ by Ann Scott Tyson, about Maj. Jim Gant’s mission in Afghanistan
‘An Historic Opportunity’: Turkish Cypriot Minister Says Reunification Deal Pending (Germany helps)
‘An emptiness inside me that was unexplainable’: Women share abortion regets on Roe anniversary
‘Anti-gay’ bus driver fired for spraying lesbians (Nancy, France)
‘Apparently you get away with anything if you’re scared’ ....
‘Arab States Will Never Recognize a Jewish State’ (Palestinian Authority foreign minister)
‘Are they going to have to start over?’ CBS’ Bob Schieffer grills Dem governor over Obamacare
‘Are you kidding me’? These 2016 bumper stickers are beyond parody [pics]
‘BIG 3’ CHARTS TRIPLE BLOWS TO HUMBLE REICH AND AGREES ON A PEACE TO ELIMINATE TYRANNY (12/7/43)
‘BarackTology’: Bracket Ranks Obama Admin’s Scandals
‘Based on what?’ Actress Kristen Bell thinks rich people like her ‘SHOULD pay higher taxes’
‘Bible’ Miniseries ‘Son of God’ Cuts Satan Scenes Featuring Obama Lookalike
‘Big Love’ Vindicated: Polygamy and Privacy
‘Black Widow’ terror suspect hunted in Sochi [Putin serious, Obama ignored Boston warnings]
‘Blind’ Man Caught in Disability Fraud After Seen Driving a Speed Boat
‘Blood Moon’ Lunar Eclipse Visible April 14-15, Beginning Rare Series Of Total Eclipses
‘Blue Angels’ Set For Air Show Comeback In Lancaster
‘Breaking Bad’ contest winner arrested for drug possession
‘Brokeback Mountain' the Opera Opens in Spain
‘Can’t make this up’! NC NAACP tells voter ID protesters to bring photo ID to Moral March
‘Can’t make this up’: AP ‘corrects’ false claim Ted Cruz called pro-abortion protesters ‘Satan...
‘Celebrity Big Brother’: Boxer Evander Holyfield Compares Gays to Handicaps, Boy George Reacts
‘Chrislam’: Is Allah God?
‘Comfort Women’ Statue In Glendale Sits At Center Of New Controversy
‘Conservatives Need to Run’: Beck Says Christie Scandal Is ‘Everything We Despise’ in Barack Obama
‘Craigslist slasher’ boasts: I killed many, many more (“Less than 100”)
‘Crush Them Everywhere’
‘Cruzing’ into NH: Just what is the Senator's end game?
‘Cuban Twitter’ secretly built by US to stir unrest
‘Dangerous,’ ‘ludicrous’: PA bill would force Catholic schools to employ teachers in gay ‘marriages’
‘Dead’ Man Wakes Up in Funeral Home Body Bag Just as Workers Prepare to Embalm Him (ACA)
‘Deal killer’: Here’s why Dana Loesch can’t support a Ben Carson campaign
‘Disgusting’: NBC viewers not amused by actress Natasha Leggero’s mockery of Pearl Harbor vets
‘Diversity float’ will be part of St. Patrick’s Day Parade
‘Downton Abbey’ Democrats May Cost their Party the Senate
‘Duck Dynasty’ Fallout: GLAAD Reeling From Biggest Backlash in Years, Says Rep
‘Duck Dynasty’ Family Launches Their Own Line of Guns, with Mossberg (Video)
‘Duck Dynasty’ Marathons Still On A&E’s Schedule Leading Up to Christmas
‘Duck Dynasty’ Mess Revealed That Not All Fundamentalists Live in the Bible Belt
‘Duck Dynasty’ Releases Own Line Of Guns
‘Duck Dynasty’ Reversal Shows GLAAD Has an Expiration Date
‘Duck Dynasty’ Star Phil Robertson Fired Following Anti-Gay Remarks
‘Duck Dynasty’ Star Releasing 5-Week Church Curriculum
‘Duck Dynasty’ Star: They Told Us To Stop Praying To Jesus, Don’t Offend Muslims (Video)
‘Duck Dynasty’ Star’s Anti-Gay Comments: Clay Aiken Weighs In
‘Duck Dynasty’ fans plan Chick-Phil-A Day in support of Robertson (It's tomorrow!)
‘Duck Dynasty’ star Phil Robertson appears to verbally attack gay people in newly emerged video
‘Duck Dynasty’ star Phil Robertson’s views common among Americans
‘Duck Dynasty’ star slammed over anti-gay rant
‘Duck Dynasty’ vs. ‘Pajama Boy’: Two Americas?
‘Duck Dynasty’: Unreal outrage
‘Empowering’? Video shows Duke pornstar and ‘feminist’ being choked, degraded, and abused
‘Evil’ Koch Brothers Rank #59 in Political Donations Behind 18 Different Unions
‘Expect To See A Band Of Soldiers’: Militia Members Arrive At Nevada Ranch
‘FANTASY’ FRANCIS?
‘Face the Nation’ Edits Out Senator Cruz Condemning Obama’s ‘Abuse of Power'
‘Fantasy’ Francis?
‘Fast for Families’ kicks off national tour for immigration reform
‘Fat Texts’ and ‘Fart Regulation’ Coming to You from the Nanny State
‘Fatal Vision’ author Joe McGinniss dies at age 71
‘Feminist’ MK Tough on Sex Crimes, but Only by Jews
‘Forgive Me Father…’: Rand Paul Tweets Confession Idea to Obama
‘Friends’ Tell Israel: Take Risks, Endanger Yourself
‘Frozen’ Gay Conspiracy Theory
‘Full-Blown Heroin Crisis’: Vermont Governor Says Drug Surge Deadlier Than Cars or Guns
‘Game The system’? Nonprofits, Including Farrakhan-Tied Group, Enjoy Windfall From Farm Subsidies
‘Gender Gap’ Fraud Backfires on Obama
‘Gimme Shelter’: Film a Game Changer in Abortion Debate?
‘Girls’ Star Lena Dunham Gets Nude, Mocks Bible on SNL: Earns 2nd lowest ratings of the year
‘God’s Not Dead’ Rocking Box Office in Stunning Debut — Per-Screen Average Near Top of the Heap
‘Gov’t to Split Jerusalem—Where are the Rabbis?’
‘Greatest tweet by an elected official ever’? ‘Say hello’ to Rep. Ros-Lehtinen [pic]
‘Green’ Energy Kills Eagles
‘Groundbreaking’ Mexico energy overhaul would end Pemex monopoly
‘Gun’ Tattoo Mistakenly Brings Heavily Armed Police To Maine Man’s Home
‘HELP’! The body language in this photo of Obama’s NSC meeting is screaming for captions [pic]
‘Have fun pranking friends and family’: Positive pregnancy tests being sold online
‘Heartbleed’ Bug Exposes Passwords, Web Site Encryption Keys
‘Her heart will go on’: Wendy Davis’ campaign logo looks hilariously familiar
‘High Alert’: Mystery illness killing Bald Eagles in Western U.S
‘Hillary killed my son’ (Sean Smith's Mother Responds to NYT Article on Benghazi)
‘Hip-hop’ caucus tries to excite blacks on climate change
‘Historic’ storm ramping up as temperatures drop and precipitation increases (Atlanta)
‘Hope cancer kills you soon’: Tolerant Left reaches out to Julie Boonstra
‘Horses count; babies don’t’ in de Blasio’s New York City
‘House of Cards’ is the most tea party show ever
‘How We Got Our First-Grade Teacher Fired’: Disturbing YouTube Videos Show Students
‘I Didn’t Join to Be Sacrificed’: US Troop Deaths in Afghanistan Skyrocket Under Obama
‘I Have a Dream’ Speechwriter: Martin Luther King Jr. Would Oppose Amnesty for Illegal Aliens
‘I am a Lesbian and I am a Muslim’
‘I can’t be gay in northeast Louisiana.’ A ULM student’s powerful message to Phil Robertson
‘I feel my whole body burning,’ says Oklahoma death row inmate during execution
‘I slugged 78-year-old woman in self-defense’
‘I would love to teach but…’ (WaPo)
‘Imagine America Without Los Angeles’: Expert Warns Southern California Isn’t Ready For Major Quake
‘Immigrant Pope’ pope visits Rome’s immigrant parish
‘Impeach the President’
‘Imperial Presidency’ Becomes Republicans’ Rallying Slogan
‘In-your-face sexuality is the point of the damn thing’: Toronto columnist on nudity at Pride
‘Insanity’: Belgian Senate passes bill permitting doctors to euthanize children
‘Is It Preposterous’ to Think a Black Hole Caused Flight 370 to Go Missing?
‘Is Obama stoned?’: President just not that into Bob Costas interview
‘Is my Husband Gay’ Google Searches Higher in Less LGBT Friendly States
‘Israel sent us dead insects,’ says Iran
‘It’s Not that Hard, Trust Me’: Ted Cruz Urges Democrats to Stand Up to Party Leadership
‘It’s a Mess’: Rand Paul’s Son Erroneously Enrolled in Medicaid
‘It’s hazing’: Christian film stripped of Academy Award nomination
‘I’m a broken man’: Ex-Pittsburgh police chief sentenced to prison
‘Jaw-Dropping’: Former U.S. Treasury Secretary Makes Bombshell Claim
‘Jews, Out of France!’
‘John Kerry is Living in a World of His Own’ (claims no Israelis killed by terrorism last year)
‘Kelo’ Revisited
‘Kerry is not Messiah; He is the Enemy’ (Israeli talk show host Yoram Sheftel)
‘Killer cops aren’t welcome here!’ Officer Who Murdered Kelly Thomas, Driven Out Of Restaurant
‘Knock That White Boy Out’: Arrests Made After Mob Of Teens Attack Disabled Vet
‘Knockout Game’ Hits Yale, New Haven
‘Knockout game’ attackers posts video on Facebook – along with their information [VIDEO]
‘Knockout’ nets arrests
‘LIBERTY TAX’: WHITE HOUSE, MEDIA ATTACK AFTER DRUDGE PAYS OBAMACARE OPT-OUT PENALTY
‘Leave orphans’: Muslim bus bomber in Russia
‘Let the Crime Spree Begin’: How Fraud Flourishes in Medicare’s Drug Plan
‘Let’s Move!’ calls the waste of 141 trillion calories of food per year ‘inspirational’
‘Lie of the Year’ prize goes to Obama
‘Lone Survivor’ Got Two Oscar Nominations…but Not for Anything You’d Really Expect
‘Lord of the Rings’ inspired by the Burren, County Clare's, rugged landscape
‘Lunch Lady Said I Can’t Pray,’ 5-Year-Old Tells Her Parents (Video)
‘Lunch lady said I can’t pray,’ 5-year-old tells her parents
‘MUZZLED’: EPA Silenced Scientists that Challenged their Agenda
‘Magic Garden’s’ long-lost Christmas special discovered in WPIX archives
‘Main Street’ GOP Groups and Their Leftist Funders (Michelle Malkin)
‘Major League’ turns 25 — here are 15 things you didn't know about the movie
‘Malarkey’: Expert reacts to sexpert’s claim that there’s no such thing as porn addiction
‘Mandela signer faced murder rap in 2003’
‘Mandela signer faced murder rap in 2003’ (also kidnapping and rape)
‘Merger of the Century,’ Combining America, Canada, Emerges as Quixotic Cause
‘Messianic’ Kerry Calls for ‘Reconciliation Among Peoples’ at the Vatican
‘Minimum wage could encourage moonlighting’ (Germany study)
‘Moby Dick’ Asteroid 2000 EM26 is Missing – Help Astronomers Find It
‘Moderate’ muslims…a non-existent politically correct fabrication of the left
‘Moving On’: Mitt Romney Accepts Melissa Harris-Perry’s ‘Heartfelt’ Apology
‘My thoughts were misread,’ says Halla Diyab [anti-refugees from Syria]
‘NO GUNS’: PATRONS STUNNED TO SEE RESTRICTIVE GUN SIGN AT PRO-FIREARM COUNTRY MUSIC
‘Never forget’: Gov. Rick Perry, Sen. Ted Cruz and Sarah Palin pay tribute to Chris Kyle [pic]
‘NewsOne Now’ Panel: Has the LGBT Lobby Gone Too Far?
‘No Reason or Justification’ for European Anti-Semitism
‘No explosive device on safe that killed Palestine envoy’
‘No-Drama Option:’ Navy Celebrates 35 Years of the F/A-18 and Derivatives
‘Noah’: Why Christians should see it
‘Not Rachael Ray too!’: TV cook shills for Obamacare, sours fans
‘Not even a smidgen of corruption’: Obama downplays IRS, other scandals
‘Not looking good’: Coal workers see future dim amid regulation burden
‘Nothing Is Written’ — Thoughts on the Death of Peter O’Toole by Roger L. Simon
‘Obama Adm has forgotten that our immigration laws are meant to protect interests of Americans’
‘Obama makes up his own rules’
‘ObamaCare both sucks and blows’ (Pelosi knew)
‘Obama’ filmmaker charged in NY in campaign fraud
‘Octomom’ charged with welfare fraud in California
‘Oh the irony’: Pelosi daughter shares Obamacare sticker that would make Gadsden gag [pic]
‘On My Way to Work and Then BOOM!’: Building Explosion Reported in New York City
‘Open season on Christians now’: Biblical views on homosexuality proscribed in Whatcott ruling
‘Opie And Anthony’: ‘I Don’t Know Why We’re Not Having A Revolution’ Over Obamacare
‘Orton is a better Romo than Romo’: Fans sound off after interception kills Dallas Cowboys hopes
‘Pampered’ Media Members Facing Backlash For Tweeting Sochi Problems
‘Permanent’ custody of Justina Pelletier awarded to Mass.
‘Pineapple Express’ pattern for drought stricken California is shaping up
‘Play Dates, Life Mates’: eHarmony for Kids goes nationwide
‘Please Wait’: New-and-Improved HealthCare.gov Has Same Old Problems
‘Poison Spring’ details dirty EPA history (from treehugger POV)
‘Prime act of pastoral charity’ to deny pro-abortion politicians Communion: Cardinal Burke
‘Pro-life’ WV governor hails the ‘gift of life’ before he vetoes 20-week abortion ban
‘Progressivism’: the greatest source of death and terror in the twentieth century
‘Promise’ would give D.C. students money for college [more speed cameras coming]
‘Racially insensitive’ lunch menu lands all-girls’ Catholic school in media spotlight
‘Racist’ Michelle Obama quote fools panel; Bill Maher pretends Paul Ryan said it
‘Rape Culture’ Fanatics Don’t Know What a Culture Is
‘Ridiculous’: How a Firefighter Ended Up in Handcuffs While Helping Victims.....
‘Rudolph’ Animator Arthur Rankin Jr. Dead at 89
‘Rushing’ to War with Iran?
‘Russian forces in Ukraine could be a stabilizing factor in a country with no legitimate govt’
‘SCIENCE GUY’ BILL NYE VS. CREATIONIST KEN HAM: WHO WILL WIN ....DEBATE OVER DARWINIAN EVOLUTION?
‘SNL’ Obama Kisses Justin Bieber To Boost Healthcare Enrollment [POLL]
‘SNL’ adds black woman to cast
‘Satan Lays a Trap’: Iran Warns Obama May Seek Out Rouhani at Mandela Memorial
‘Saturday Night Live’ Ratings Down With Lena Dunham As Host [NBC Nudity Fail]
‘Schindler’s List’ producer: I never feared my government until now
‘School of No’ principal getting fired after probe
‘School of No’ principal getting fired after probe (good)
‘School’ Gets $7 Million Deal for F-35 Work
‘Screw Canada’: Arrest of gun-toting American at Canadian border enrages U.S. firearms community
‘Serious problem’: 65-foot crack found in Columbia River dam
‘Seriously messed up’: BuzzFeed jagoff Andrew Kaczynski uses Bridgegate to mock Benghazi
‘Significant Escalation’: Tensions Flare in German-Israeli Relations
‘Six Californias’ plan doable, plan says; Could be on November ballot
‘Some in church may be homophobic’ (Catholic Archbishop of Dublin, Ireland)
‘Son Of God’ Veers Toward Gnostic Heresy
‘Son of God’ fails to deliver a holy message
‘Son of God’ part of flood of new Bible-based films
‘Son of God’: Jewish Leader Hopes Bible Film Will Be ‘Antidote&#146; to ‘Passion of the Christ’
‘South Africans Don’t Hate Israel, They Hate Oppression’ (says their ambassador to Israel)
‘Spoiled’ 18-year-old Cheerleader Moving Back in With Parents After Judge Throws Out Her Lawsuit
‘Spooky action’ builds a wormhole between ‘entangled’ particles
‘Stand down’: CIA Benghazi team clash led to controversial order
‘Stand your ground’ laws must be clarified
‘Star Trek’ Actor Promises Trouble for Arizona If Gov. Signs What He Calls ‘Turn Away the Gay’ Bill
‘Star Wars’: Adam Driver to Play the Villain (From "Girls")
‘Stupidity ran deep’ during ‘stab-proof’ vest demonstration
‘Subaru for the win!’ Dealership hits back at union protest with kick-ass sign [pics, video]
‘Suffocating pressure’: Former ThinkProgress writer describes White House ‘censorship’
‘Super-Earths’ and ‘mini-Neptunes’ abound among planets outside our solar system
‘Superbug’ bacteria widespread in U.S. chicken: consumer group
‘TELEPHONIC SIGNATURE’? As of Jan. 1, Obamacare Forces States to Accept
‘TELEPHONIC SIGNATURE’? Obamacare Now Forces States to Accept Applications ‘Signed’ by Voice
‘THE RULES ARE THE RULES’: Government shuts down 11-year-old’s cupcake business
‘Tax Freedom Day’ falls three days later this year
‘Taylor Has Two Moms’: Disney Channel Introduces Its First Lesbian Couple on a Kids’ Show
‘Tea’ Cools, and House Speaker Boehner Is Back to Making Deals
‘Thanks to The Nutters at Oxfam, I’m Buying SodaStream’ (Canada employment minister)
‘The Boycott Began In Tel Aviv’ (out of leftist Israeli groups)
‘The Chicago Way’ of Running Up Debt
‘The Hillary Papers’ Describe Former First Lady As a ‘Strong, Ambitious, and Ruthless
‘The Imperial Presidency’ [constitutional law experts testify before House Judiciary Committee]
‘The Last Round You’ll Ever Need’: The Awesome New Bullet Billed as a ‘One-Shot Manstopper’
‘The Romeikes Can Stay!!!’: Shocking 180 in the Case of German Home-Schooling Family
‘The lord of all horses’: Much-loved Lord of the Rings horse Shadowfax dies
‘Their viewpoint kills people’: Stanford revokes funding for pro-marriage conference after backlash
‘There aren’t enough gay characters on TV’ says BBC drama boss who promises to commission more…
‘They Are Slaughtering Us Like Chickens’-Christmas under Islam.
‘They Portray the Guys Brilliantly’: Marcus Luttrell Praises ‘Lone Survivor’
‘This Is Mickey Mouse’: No Softball Questions in Levin’s Interview With Ryan on Budget Deal
‘This is getting insane’: OFA’s onesie-clad Obamacare spokesmodel inspires mockery
‘Time to Forget the United States…’: Beck Says the ‘Fundamental Transformation’ Has Already Happened
‘Tis The Season For Militant Atheists To Whine
‘Tis the Season to Spot Jupiter: A Guide to the 2014 Opposition
‘Tonight Show’ Favorite, Comedian David Brenner Dies At 78
‘Too soon’? Shoppers horrified by ‘Easter creep’ [pics]
‘Turning San Francisco into San Antonio
‘Twilight for Coal in the United States’: EPA Announces New Regs on ‘War on Poverty’ Anniversary
‘US spied on Barak’s home from apartment across the street’
‘Ukrainian’ drone downed above Moldova’s breakaway region
‘Unimaginable:’ Italy mourns 3-year-old killed in suspected mafia hit
‘Very Touching’: Video of Rescued Homeless Dog Taking Another Under Her Wing Goes Viral
‘Very upset’: CIA sat on Benghazi investigation, US personnel fuming
‘WHERE ARE THE LIBERALS?’ Ted Cruz blasts left for ignoring Obama’s abuses
‘WOW!’ Garry Kasparov shreds Obama and his ‘red lines’ as bloodbath continues in Ukraine [pics]
‘Wake Up, America!’: Beck Delivers One of the Most Passionate Rants of the Year
‘Walking Dead’ Season 4 Spoilers And More
‘We Are Being Stormed’: Russian Forces Reportedly Attack Ukrainian Troops In Crimea,
‘We Have No Morals, and We Will Attack You’
‘We Still Stand by What We Believe’: Bakers Who Refused to Make a Gay Wedding Cake Double Down
‘We Will Not Tolerate It’: Democrats, Establishment GOP Unite Behind… Sen. Ted Cruz?
‘We are approaching Auschwitz; Jews are asked to get off train’ (antisemite on Belgian train)
‘We left God out of the battle’: Irish pro-life leader on how abortion was legalized in Ireland
‘Welcome to the United States of paranoia’
‘We’re Going to Get Creamed’: Lerner Emails Paint Picture of Planning 501(c)(4) Scrutiny
‘We’re not in Camilla anymore’: Country lawyer to Hollywood manager
‘What the hell is wrong with you?’ Was this Samantha Power baffling Daniel Pearl tweet evil...
‘Who Gives a Crap About Your Feelings Towards Walmart?’: Mike Rowe’s Fiery, 2,648-Word Respons
‘Wolf of Wall Street’ Breaks F-Word Record
‘You Must Be Sod****ed’
‘You cannot be consistently pro-life without being pro-marriage’: Archbishop at Walk for Life Mass
‘You...borrowed a black family?’ Rep. Huelskamp’s photo draws out hate
‘Young Guns’ special looks at the dangerous intersection of children and firearms
‘You’re lucky I didn’t have my pistol’: Video shows pro-lifers violently attacked outside clinic
‘Zaching’ continues to inspire, while founder in hospice care
‘Zero Dark Thirty’ leak investigators now target of leak probe
’007 Obama’ used to sell fake Viagra in Pakistan
’12 Years A Slave’ To Be Incorporated Into Public High School Curriculum
“A Christmas Story” Director: Victim of an Illegal Alien
“A Guy Named Joe” (Movie Review-12/24/43)
“Abortion Doula” Claims Women’s Grief After Abortion is “Celebratory”
“All-Inclusive” Female Establishment Bosses Women Who Reject Radical Feminism
“Alright, Goodnight” – Does Malaysia Want To Know What Happened To Flight MH-370?
“And Them That Mourn”—Celebrating Christmas in the Face of Grief and Sorrow
“Are you SERIOUS?”: School Bans Teachers from Giving Students 0s on Assignments
“Because Work is a Beautiful Thing” No, wait; that’s not right.
“Bliss” in the time of Obama: off grid and down the rabbit hole.
“Brain Dead” Teenager Awakens From Coma After Her Family Sings Hymns
“Burger King Baby” Katheryn Deprill Gets Her Special Order, Meets Birth Mom
“Civilization Jihad” Hits Home (my backyard, literally)
“Clearly…They Hit Him With A Whole Lotta Something.” – KTLA News
“Climate Change,” Bridgegate and Illini Chicks with Guns:“Carry On”
“Congress Is No Place” for Farmers Statement Defended
“Contextualization” and the Corruption of the Church
“Cosmos” Premiere: Does Society Care about Science? (Reboot of Show By Carl Sagan)
“Cover Girl,” “Her Primitive Man” (Movie Reviews-3/31/44)
“Destination Tokyo” (Movie Review-1/1/44)
“Did Your Father Touch You?” (Chaneya Kelly on Falsely Accusing Her Father of Rape)
“Drunks,” “Bullies,” “Traitors,” “Fringe,” and Other Things Mitch McConnell Has Called Conservatives
“Engineering” Climate Change
“Extremists” in New York - The tyrannical liberalism of New York's Governor Cuomo.
“For the children” never works for actual, you know, children
“Four Dead in Benghazi” – Parody of CSNY’s “Ohio”
“Go kill yourself. Your f***** family too.”
“Gob-Smackingly Huge” Jellyfish Washes Up in Australia
“Good Moral Character” Gets Obama’s Illegal Alien Uncle U.S. Residency
“Google bus” protests spread to Seattle
“Gung Ho!” (Movie Review-1/26/44)
“He Killed My Baby!” The Day I Lost My Daughter to the Culture of Death
“Here I come to save the day!” Jimmy Carter offers to visit Venezuela
“Higher and Higher” (Movie Review-1/22/44)
“How Long O Lord!” A Meditation on the role of anger in prayer.
“I Don’t Bluff” Suppose the president never intended to roll back Iran’s nuclear program.
“I Don’t Think It’s Rude, But…” Etiquette Experts Perplexed Over First Lady’s Party Plans
“I Don’t Think We Should be Tolerating Conservative Views”
“I Found This Old Maxim Silencer…”
“I sold my business because of Obamacare.” ["I can't be responsible for every undercapitalized..."]
“Implicit” Government Guarantees To Bail Out Bank Creditors Tighten Their Grip On US Taxpayers
“Iran will next hide nuclear suitcases.”
“Islam for Journalists”: Journalists for Sharia censorship
“Islamically Permissible” Food Demanded for Muslim Prison Inmates
“Jane Eyre” (Movie Review-2/4/44)
“Jonah” Obama loses another vote: Chattanooga VW workers don’t care what he wants
“Kid, I’m Sorry, but You’re Just Not College Material”
“Lessons from Argentina’s economic collapse”
“Let no one overreach or defraud others in this matter.” A Meditation of the Scriptural...
“Let’s Compromise” – What They Really Mean When They Say It
“Lifeboat” (Movie Review-1/13/44)
“Loud Music” Murder Trial Day 1: Animosity and Provocation Narratives Emerge
“Loud music” Murder Case: Prosecution Delivers Solid Close [self-defense or murder?]
“Madame Curie,” “Swingtime Johnny” (Movie Reviews-12/17/43)
“Martial Law Now in Effect” signs create stir in YouTube video
“Marxist” Pope is jeopardizing US donor funding
“Most transparent” White House ever rewrote FOIA to exclude its own docs
“No Kid Hungry”: Another Lobby for Big Government & Food Stamp Nation
“Noah” and “The Son of God ”
“Orchestrated Hell” (12/3/43)
“Pajama Boy” Revealed to be Occupy Wall Street Supporter, Miley Cyrus Fan, and Male Model
“Palestinian Messengers”: How Christ and Christians Are Used for the Palestinian Cause
“Passage to Marseille” (Movie Review-2/17/44)
“Promise Land”: A skeptic among the gurus [debunking "self-help" industry]
“Quasi-One-Dimensional Model of electrochemical loading of isotopic fuel into a metal”
“Reprotech” Ushers in a New Eugenic Age
“Robbing” and the “War on Christmas”
“SENIOR LIVING REFERRAL SERVICE” PROMOTES ASSISTING SUICIDE
“Secret” Kasper speech to see the light of day
“Sede Vacante”
“See Here, Private Hargrove” (Movie Review-3/22/44)
“Shrugging It Off”– It’s a Game of the Throne
“Silence Encourages the Tormentor, Never the Tormented”
“So God Made A Liberal” (something to tickle your funny bone)
“Stand Your Ground” Nation: America used to value the concept of retreat. Now we just shoot.
“Texas Gosnell” sued for nearly killing woman in abortion as new details revealed
“The Fighting Seabees” (Movie Review-3/20/44)
“The Inevitable Defeat of Mister & Pete,” praised by Michelle Obama, is actually quite good
“The Magical, Mythical, Seven Million” and “The Churchills: Ward & Winston”
“The Miracle of Morgan’s Creek,” “The Lodger” (Movie Reviews-1/20/44)
“The Only Intelligible Explanation of the Incarnation”—A. T. Robertson on the Virgin Birth of Christ
“The Song of Bernadette” (Movie Review-1/27/44)
“The Uninvited” (Movie Review-2/21/44)
“The [Fighting] Sullivans” (Movie Review-2/10/44)
“They Stuffed a Scarf in My Mouth to Stop Me from Screaming” – Medea Benjamin on Egypt Deportation
“They mean well. They just can’t get their act together”
“Top 10 Reasons Mohammed is NOT a Prophet of God”
“Tunisian Victory,” “The Heavenly Body,” “Whistling in Brooklyn” (Movie Reviews-3/24/44)
“Up in Arms,” “The Bridge of San Luis Rey,” “With the Marines at Tarawa” (Movie Reviews-3/3/44)
“We did not treat President Bush this way.” [/wtf]
“We don’t have time for this”: Cop allegedly kills NC teen who was already tased and restrained
“We’re Not Just Against Something”
“What should be different about a Mormon Christmas?” [Why Joseph Smith's birthday! Of course!]
“Whoa!”: church renovation in Madison, Wisconsin ("Wow" seems more appropriate)
“Wonderful meeting you,” Obama tells Francis
“Work is a beautiful thing”
“You’re a good Jihadi, Charlie Brown!”
“…And another great day in this, the greatest country on God’s green earth.”
• Sarah Palin • CPAC • 2014 • [Keynote address to end CPAC 2014]
¡Vaya lío! Archbp. Sample weighs in on same-sex unions in Oregon. Fr. Z kudos.
£20 million contract for new Royal Navy ships
´My mistake and I own up to it´ Phoenix reporter reverses course, says White House Press