"... so now I will jiggle things randomly until they unbreak" is not acceptable'
"100% of our production system is now running Go"
"Actually, the movie was largely a lie about me. "
"Adobe has released Adobe Photoshop CS6, which addresses these vulnerabilities"
"Algorithm" is not a four letter word
"Amazon's EBSs are a barrel of laughs in terms of performance and reliability"
"Anonymous" Hackers Take Down Child Porn Websites, Leak Users' Names
"Another World" (game) Code Review
"Any time you have worked long hours, it is a sign of a broken process."
"Aristo" for jQuery UI
"Asswipe," replied Yahoo's server. That's when I knew I had it
"Attrition is a group statistic. It doesn't apply to me."
"BitC isn't going to work in its current form"
"Build something people want" is not enough
"Diff for HN": Update and highlight changes
"Disable Javascript" option removed in Firefox 23
"Egor, stop hacking Github"
"Flip", the vertical ship, marks 50 years at sea
"Free-to-play" misleading advertising in Europe
"Gangbang Interviews" and "Bikini Shots": Silicon Valley’s Brogrammer Problem
"Getting started with Ember.Js is easy." - No it isn't
"He offered the Apple II to Atari... we said no. No thank you."
"Hello World" in Dart, compiled to JavaScript
"How much does a website cost?" – a survey of web designers
"I Won The Windows Phone Challenge, But Lost 'Just Because'"
"I couldn't really learn Erlang, 'cos it didn't exist, so I invented it"
"I have come to find out what it's like to be dumb."
"I haven’t been drunk in 3 years... and I’ve been partying way more than you."
"I think that djb redo will turn out to be the Git of build systems."
"I think you will all appreciate this person's commenting style"
"I would dial the 300 baud dial-up number, and scream the carrier tone."
"I've got an idea for an app"
"I've isolated the bug to a database query"
"If you want to order it, use 'view source' to find the commented-out link."
"Invisible Electrostatic Wall" at 3M adhesive tape plant (1996)
"It'll never work": a collection of failed predictions
"It's A Brick" - Tesla Motors' Devastating Design Problem
"Journey to Justinia" – how I got my 5-year-old son to sit still for 5 hours
"Lighten up"
"Like A Rolling Stone" – Interactive Video
"Linux switch saved city millions and reduced user complaints"
"Microsoft engineer" on Xbox1
"Most likely to succeed" YC W11 company is looking for its first engineer.
"My current theory is that programming is quite literally writing."
"Nothing like this will be built again"
"Nothing like this will be built again": a tour of a working nuclear reactor
"Office Space" creator Mike Judge shooting new HBO parody of Silicon Valley
"Programmer. Come Work For Us"
"River" detection in text
"Ruby developers need to stop using EventMachine. It's the wrong direction."
"SQLite is not designed to replace Oracle. It is designed to replace fopen()."
"Tap the spacebar with your phone." - Bump unveils new photo uploader
"That's Why You Don't Have Any Friends."
"The Best of edw519" is now free. Reverse Happy Birthday
"The carpets are so clean, we don't need janitors"
"The infernal semicolon" by Brendan Eich
"They're Made out of Meat?" Short first contact sci-fi story
"Very bold or very dumb": data caps don't apply to ISP's own movie service
"What I Miss About Counterstrike" - Blog authored by CSS legend JonMumm
"White hat" Facebook hacker gets 8 months in jail
"Why don't you sell Triple Town for 99 cents and make tons of money?"
"Yes, but what are your credentials, Mr Stross?"
"You've angered the hive"
"You've had your debate. There's no need to write anymore."
"Your criticisms are completely wrong": Stallman on software patents
#1 CSRF Is A Vulnerability In All Browsers
#BoycottApple trending on Google plus due to Galaxy Nexus ban
#ifihadglass I would jailbreak it and modify the software
$1 chip tests for HIV in 15 minutes, fits in your wallet
$100k Revenues in One Month
$1B of TSA Nude Body Scanners Made Worthless By Blog
$200,000 to the first person to break Telegram
$80 Android Phone Sells Like Hotcakes in Kenya, the World Next?
$89 Exynos4412 1.7Ghz ARM Cortex-A9 Quad-Core 2GB
$99 ARM-based PC runs either Ubuntu or Android
&! (and bang), project management for teams
'; CREATE TABLE `Capture the Flag`;' -- Stripe's Web Security CTF is Live
'A Test You Need to Fail': A Teacher's Open Letter to Her 8th Grade Students
'Crack baby' study ends with unexpected but clear result
'Don’t ignore your stupid ideas.'
'Everyone in US under virtual surveillance' - NSA whistleblower
'Learn Ruby on Rails' is free today
'Most Beautiful Woman' By Day, Inventor By Night
'Sending a message': what the US and UK are attempting to do
'TSA Arrests Me for Using the Fourth Amendment as a Weapon'
'The Golden Age of Silicon Valley Is Over, and We're Dancing on its Grave'
'Tor Stinks' presentation – read the full document
(Android) Developer Income Report #9
(Highly) profitable, funded YC company looking for technical lead.
(Presumably) Apple engineer comment on Lightning AV adapter design
(Trying To) Face Down The Evil At TechCrunch Disrupt
(YC S11) Senior Rails developer needed with a whole lot of polyglot in them
(λove (print (eval (read))))
* { box-sizing: border-box } FTW
*JS : Low-Level JavaScript
+1’s: the right recommendations right when you want them—in your search results
-- --- •-• ••• • -•-• --- -•• • •• -• •--- •- •••- •- ••• -•-• •-• •• •--• -
.bit non-governmental domain name registrar, for the post-SOPA era
.mail app
/dev/null as a Service
/dev/zero has infinite electrons and /dev/null has an infinite appetite for them
/u/161719 tells us all why surveillance is not OK
0 A.D. Alpha 15 - Osiris
0 A.D., an Open-Source Strategy Game
0 second visits according to Google Analytics
0 to 60 in One Second: Fusing WebGL, CSS 3D and HTML
0day vulnerability full disclosure: American Express
0x10c (Notch's new game)
1 Damn Easy Way to Improve User Experience
1 in 6 Russian entrepreneurs are in jail, 1 in 3 prisoners are businessmen
1/13 noon at MIT: Protest wrongful prosecution of Aaron Swartz
1/9998 = 0.0001 0002 0004 0008 0016 0032 0064 0128 0256..
10 Million hits a day with Wordpress using a $15 server
10 Questions for John Gruber Regarding H.264, WebM
10 Simple Truths Smart People Forget
10 people who don't matter (2006)
10 years later, ‘Star Wars Kid’ speaks out
10,000 People Sign Petition to Honor Alan Turing by Putting Him on the £10 Note
10-year-old problem in theoretical computer science falls
1000+ Nokia workers have walked out in protest (in English via Google Translate)
10000 things all CS students should do before graduating
1000Memories in 60 seconds (video, YC S10)
102TB of New Crawl Data Available
10x Engineer
10x XSS on apple.com
12 new file formats in the Google Docs Viewer
12 new universities join Coursera
12-year-old uses Dungeons and Dragons to help scientist dad with his research
125th Birthday of Ramanujan
13-Year-Old Makes Solar Power Breakthrough by Harnessing the Fibonacci Sequence
135 new currencies at Stripe
135TB for $7,384 - Backblaze Pod 2.0
1366×768px overtakes 1024×768px as the most popular screen resolution worldwide
14 years ago: the day Teller gave me the secret to my career in magic.
15 Years after the First Slashdot Post
15 uncoupled simple pendulums of increasing lengths dance together
15-Year-Old Maker Astronomically Improves Pancreatic Cancer Test
15-year-old girl invents flashlight powered by the heat of your hand
16 Major Firms May Have Received Early Data From Thomson Reuters
16 pixels For Body Copy. Anything Less Is A Costly Mistake
16-year-old Makes Working Scientific Calculator in Minecraft
160 Mac Minis, One Rack
16×16 Pixel Art Tutorial
17-year-old wins 100k for creating cancer-killing nanoparticle
19 Groups Sue NSA Over Data Collection
1983 Radio Shack Catalog
1987 Time Capsule Predictions by Sci-Fi Writers About 2012
1987: Kid submits 7 Robotron bugfixes using only the machine code from the ROMs
1Gbps fiber for $70&mdash;in America? Yup.
1Password GPU brute-force with 3M hash/s
1TB Hard Drive Prices up 180% in a Month
1k Rose - How a 3D Rose was made in under 1K of javascript
2-D Glasses
20 lines of code that beat A/B testing every time
20-line patch to Firefox 4 that makes startup on Windows 2x as fast
2000 as Seen in 1910 (23 pics)
2005 Zuckerberg Didn't Want To Take On The World
2011 Logo Trends
2011 MacBook Pros Crash Under Load
2011 Startup School
2012 Personal Annual Report
2012 Startup School, Oct 20 at Stanford
2013 Automobile of the Year: Tesla Model S
2014 Gates Annual Letter: Myths that block progress for the poor
2048
2048 AI
2048 Numberwang
2048 in 4D
2048 – multiplayer
21 Nested Callbacks
23andMe raises $50M, cuts price to $99, sets goal of 1M genotyped customers
24 Pull Requests - Giving little gifts of code for Christmas
24 year old student lights match: Europe versus Facebook
25 Startup Ideas for 2012
25 years ago I hoped we would extend Emacs to do WYSIWG word processing
25 years ago this week, the Morris Worm brought the Internet to its knees
250x Speed Improvements with Microcaching (and No New Code)
256 CSS Classes Can Override an #id
2D Game Art for Programmers
3 Enemas Later, Still No Drugs
3 Major Publishers Sue Open-Education Textbook Start-Up
3.3 million e-mails between the most powerful men are about to be released.
3.5 Inches
30 Weeks of Game Development
30 minutes a day
30 pounds in 30 days
300ms tap delay removed on Chrome for Android
30C3 Recordings
30kloc and $0 revenue. Lessons from my failed startup (& code release)
33 Questions
33GB of public domain JSTOR articles, and a manifesto
37Signals to retire OpenID for logins on May 1
37signals Earns Millions Each Year. Its CEO’s Model? His Cleaning Lady
37signals Works Remotely [video]
37signals becomes Basecamp
37signals invests in The Starter League
37signals sent me a gift for pwning their leaderboard
37signals valuation tops $100 billion after bold VC investment (2009)
37signals.com - Evolution of a homepage
3D CSS Periodic table with three.js
3D GIFs Created with a Simple Visual Effect
3px of padding makes all the difference in the world
3x faster linux boot with e4rat
4 apps, one weekend
4 geeky laws that rule our world
40 Days Without Booze
40 Hour Work Weeks Suck
404 - File not found
41,000,006 reasons why I think we're in a bubble
42
48th Mersenne prime found
4K is for programmers
4chan founder: Mark Zuckerberg is “totally wrong” about online identity
4chan's Chris Poole: Facebook & Google Are Doing It Wrong
4chan: Beyond one billion
5 + (-sqrt(1-x^2-(y-abs(x))^2))*cos(30*((1-x^2-(y-abs(x))^2)))
5 Million Farmers Sue Monsanto for $7.7 Billion
50 Google +1s on sale at SEO shop for $9.99
50 Years Ago: The World in 1962
50% of neuroscience papers suffer from a major statistical error.
5000% Increase in the sale of baseball bats on Amazon.co.uk
500k Bitcoins traded in 1h, Mt.Gox market hacked + crash
500px Terms of Service
51 hours left to live
512 Paths to the White House
52 Hertz: The Loneliest Whale in the World
535 ways to reload the page with JavaScript
55,000 Twitter passwords leaked
550-Year-Old Gutenberg Bible in High-Res Detail
56% of Americans have Internet data caps; FCC asked to investigate
57% Fear Government Will Use NSA Data to Harass Political Opponents
58,000 Sign Up for Stanford AI Course
5D ‘Superman memory’ crystal could lead to unlimited lifetime data storage
6 month read-through/discussion of Gödel, Escher, Bach starting 1/17 on Reddit
6.5 Million LinkedIn Password Hashes Leaked
60 Minutes: Elon Musk and SpaceX [video]
63% Prefer a Dark Themed Text Editor
64 GB Surface Pro will only have 23 GB free
7 Cups Of Tea (YC S13) Connects People Who Need Emotional Support With Listeners
7 Years Of YouTube Scalability Lessons In 30 Minutes
7% of Americans Subscribe to Netflix, Now Larger than any Cable Company
7.1 magnitude earthquake hits Japan
70% of the Public Finds Piracy Socially Acceptable
75-year-old soybean farmer sees Monsanto lawsuit reach U.S. Supreme Court
8-Bit Generation Documentary
8.9 earthquake hits Japan
8402: 2048 from the other side
87% of the U.S. Population are uniquely identified by {DOB, gender, zip}
88% there: "Don't Mess With The Internet" billboard in Lamar Smith's district
9 Eyes – Interesting photos from Google Street View
9 million hits/day with 120 megs RAM
9 year old's DIY Cardboard Arcade gets Flash mobbed: Video
9,866,539 buildings in the Netherlands, shaded according to year of construction
9-Year-Old Who Changed School Lunches Silenced By Politicians
9.2% Unemployment? Blame Microsoft.
9/11 Suspects Can’t Mention being Tortured during Trial because Classified
90 Percent of People Don't Know How to Use CTRL+F (or CMD + F)
90% Good parts of jQuery - at only 13% of the size
901614 – Adopt Tor as a feature in Firefox
9800 Feet Underground at Kidd Creek Mine in Northern Ontario, Canada
99 Problems But Money Ain't One
99Dresses (YC W12) wants to give women an infinite closet
9th Circuit Appeals Court: 4th Amendment Applies At The Border
A "Hacker's" Guide to the Bay Area
A "Moneyball" statician predicted Jeremy Lin's success 2 years ago
A "real" user proves Windows 8 fails on the desktop
A $20 Trillion Rock That Could Turn a Startup Into Earth’s Richest Company
A $5 Lamp Powered Solely by Gravity
A $5000 Chair
A 1,600-Year-Old Viking War Game
A 1-star, unfiltered user review of Yelp
A 140-Acre Forest Is About to Materialize in the Middle of Detroit
A 17 Year Old with Severe Autism and His Six Completed Coursera Courses
A 30 minute introduction to Rust
A 33-Year-Old NPR Story Convinced Me Google Glass Will Stop Looking So Dorky
A 3D printed toothbrush for all your teeth
A 4G LTE base station running entirely in software on a standard PC
A 60-Hour Work Week is Not a Badge of Honour
A 75-Year Harvard Study Finds What It Takes To Live A Happy Life
A 97-Year-Old Man Who Draws Using Microsoft Paint from Windows ’95
A Baseline for Front-End Developers
A Behind the Scenes Look at Y Combinator's Demo Day
A Better Twitter Bootstrap Modal
A Big List of D3 Examples
A Big Surprise from the Edge of the Solar System
A Billion Dollars Isn’t Cool. You Know What’s Cool? Basic Human Decency
A Boggling Return to C
A Brief Explanation of Microsoft's Anti-Google Patent FUD
A Brief Rant on the Future of Interaction Design
A Brief, Incomplete, and Mostly Wrong History of Programming Languages
A Brief, Incomplete, and Mostly Wrong History of Programming Languages (2009)
A Built-in Web Server For PHP
A CNN Viewer Has Questions for Mike Rowe
A Case Against Using CoffeeScript
A Classic Startup Horror Story
A Clojure Crash Course
A Comfy Helvetica frontpage for Hacker News
A Conversation With Randall Munroe, the Creator of XKCD
A Course in Machine Learning
A Critique of Lavabit
A Crypto Challenge For The Telegram Developers
A Dad’s Plea To Developers Of iPad Apps For Children
A Dark Room - minimalist text-based game
A Day in the Life of a Freelance Journalist
A Different Road To Work, Bypassing College Dreams
A Difficult Situation
A Disease Without a Cure Spreads Quietly in the West
A Dragnet for Pee-Wee
A Dust Over India
A Faster Facebook for iOS
A Few New Things Coming To JavaScript
A First Look at BankSimple
A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to Academia
A Generation Lost in the Bazaar
A Great Old-Timey Game-Programming Hack
A Great Response to a Cease and Desist Letter
A Guide to Python's Magic Methods
A Guide to Stocks & Options for the Startup Entrepreneur (or Employee)
A Guided Tour through the Fundamentals of Git
A Hacker News For Ideas
A Hacker's Replacement for Gmail
A Happy, Flourishing City With No Advertising
A Healthy Diet For The Mind
A High Frequency Trader's Apologia, Part 1
A High Frequency Trader's Apology, Pt 2
A Hole in Mars
A JavaScript parser and interpreter written in Go
A Jewel at the Heart of Quantum Physics
A Letter from Tim Cook on Maps
A Letter from a Scared Actress
A Linux dev who helped thousands needs help to fight cancer
A Localization Horror Story: It Could Happen To You
A Look Inside the Process of One of the World’s Most Efficient Studiers
A Low-Tech Mosquito Deterrent
A Man Walks into a Bank
A Man. A Van. A Surprising Business Plan.
A Material Point Method For Snow Simulation
A Most Peculiar Test Drive
A Most Peculiar Test Drive – Follow Up
A Mysterious Patch Of Light Shows Up In The North Dakota Dark
A New Car UI: How touch screen controls in cars should really work
A New Look for Facebook
A New Name for Stack Overflow (with surprise ending)
A New Species Discovered ... On Flickr
A Note About Git Commit Messages
A Note from one of Cloudflare's upstream providers
A Patently Obvious Problem
A Personal API
A Personal Statement from Iain Banks
A Pickpocket's Tale
A Pinterest spammer tells all
A Profanity-Laced Video Game Password That Breaks Everything
A Programmer's Guide to Data Mining
A Programmer’s Greatest Enemy
A Programming Idiom You've Never Heard Of
A Proposal For A System To Replace Ordinary Record Merchandising (1983)
A Proposal To Improve Hacker News
A Python 3 implementation for client-side web programming
A Quiz About Integers in C
A RESTful Micro-Framework in Go
A Redditor about the problem with today's Silicon Valley startup community
A Redditor's insightful message for discouraged students
A Refrigerator that Runs Without Electricity
A Reintroduction to JavaScript
A Relevant Tale: How Google Killed Inktomi
A Rough Guide to Social Skills for Awkward Smart People
A SSD in Your Pocket
A Sad Irony: The Federal Judiciary's PACER Pricing Is Illegal
A Saudi Arabia Telecom's Surveillance Pitch
A Self-Made Man Looks At How He Made It
A Senseless Conversation
A Short Rant About Hosting
A Short Rant About Working Remotely
A Short Story for Engineers
A Simple Explanation for Why HP Abandoned Palm
A Sister’s Eulogy for Steve Jobs
A Skype call in Ethiopia will now get you 15 years in prison
A Slower Speed of Light
A Soft Murmur – Ambient sounds to wash away distraction
A Solar Boom So Successful, It's Been Halted
A Star in a Bottle
A Step By Step Guide to Transfer Domains Out Of GoDaddy
A Stick Figure Guide to the Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)
A Tale of Two Pwnies (Part 1)
A Terrifying, Fascinating Timelapse of 30 Years of Human Impact on Earth
A Testament to X11 Backwards Compatibility
A Tor of the Dark Web
A Tour Inside CloudFlare's Latest Generation Servers
A Tutorial on Anonymous Email Accounts
A VC-funded startup called WhosHere is trying to steal my social network
A Very Unusual Camera That Emphasizes Time Over Space
A Walk in the Woods with Mark Zuckerberg
A Warning for Airbnb Hosts
A Week After Google Changes Algo, Mahalo Fires 10% of Staff
A Week with Elixir
A Whole New Code Search
A Woman’s Story
A Word to the Resourceful
A Year of MongoDB
A Year with MongoDB
A basic guide to when and how to deploy HTTPS
A beginner's cheat sheet for web development
A behind-the-scenes look at Facebook release engineering
A better Android emulator
A better git log
A better introduction to Objective-C
A better way to teach math
A bill in Congress legalizes cell phone unlocking and fixes the DMCA
A billion dollar software tech company is founded every three months in the U.S.
A birthday present from Broadcom
A breakdown of how I was talked out of $100
A brief Sony password analysis
A brief history of one line fixes
A circuit and PCB editor in the browser
A close look at how Oracle installs deceptive software with Java updates
A closer look at the performance of Google Chrome
A collector is selling every Super Nintendo game for $24,999
A common bug in published code
A conversation between two chatbots and how one found out the other is an AI.
A cry for help
A culture of beer and overtime
A day in the life of a startup founder
A death sentence for a young Chinese businesswoman chills entrepreneurs
A determined 'hacker' decrypts RDS-TMC
A device with a touchscreen and few buttons *was* obvious
A dozen USB chargers in the lab: Apple is very good, but not quite the best
A fall spring-cleaning - Google products getting shut down
A farewell to bioinformatics (2012)
A favicon? That’ll be £585 please.
A few things to remember while coding in Python
A few words on Doug Engelbart
A fifteen year old TCP bug?
A file that's both an acceptable HTML page and a JPEG (view source on it)
A founder-friendly term sheet
A fresh new Dropbox on the web
A friend died nearly 2 years ago. I had no idea
A gallery of interesting IPython Notebooks
A game when games were new
A game with a windfall for a knowing few
A glimpse into a new programming language under development at Microsoft
A global decentralized encrypted datastore with anonymous publishing
A good developer has a natural, almost visceral aversion to complexity
A great list of command-line tips
A horrifying startup accelerator story
A human review of the Kindle Fire
A lesson on the importance of encouraging your children with their projects
A letter from Paper (FiftyThree) to Paper (Facebook)
A letter from _why
A letter to my daughter, Augusta, in ruby
A letter to the TEDx community on TEDx and bad science
A life less posted
A list of free programming books
A list of front end development resources
A little game to demonstrate timing attacks.
A living death: Sentenced to die behind bars for what?
A lot of free programming ebooks
A love letter to MIT
A man, a mop, a year, and an app
A member of our community is missing, help find him
A minimalistic desk to handle cables and electronic clutter elegantly
A neat way to fold a sheet of paper
A negative captcha
A new Gmail inbox
A new Light Table experience
A new blog dedicated to Emacs
A new breed of Chrome Apps
A new era begins for Haskell
A new kind of fractal?
A new locker system from Amazon sends your deliveries to 7-Eleven
A nice, little known C feature: Static array indices in parameter declarations
A non-mathematical explanation of one way functions
A note from Keith
A note to Google recruiters (and on Google hiring practices)
A note to myself
A pound of flesh: how Cisco's "unmitigated gall" derailed one man's life
A practical use for space-filling curves
A preview of Gmail’s new look
A primer on Bezier curves
A profitable, growing, useful, legal, well-loved... failure
A proposal for improving HN : it should cost a user Karma to post
A public TrueCrypt Audit
A rare look into North Korea's famed Propaganda School
A rescue plan that might have saved space shuttle Columbia
A resume template in TeX
A room so quiet, no one can spend more than 45 minutes in it
A science committee that doesn’t get science
A scientific accident that could change the world
A set of top Computer Science blogs
A shuffled deck of cards is unique in all human history
A simple git branching model
A simple guide for getting started with git
A single line of Basic sends readers into a labyrinth
A single line to 3 cashiers is ~3x faster than a separate line for each cashier
A single tweet page is 2.0 MB
A skeptic faces possible charges for debunking Mumbai’s miracle statue
A spreadsheet in fewer than 30 lines of JavaScript, no library used
A standing desk for $22
A tale of the supreme competence of Neil Armstrong
A tale of two programmers
A tcpdump tutorial and primer
A time for silence
A tiny language called Z
A turning point for GNU libc
A universal income is not such a silly idea
A useful program, 0 bytes long
A violently true depiction of what war really is
A visual Git reference
A warning to college profs from a high school teacher
A warning to hackers: be careful building on Twitter's API
A web designer with an attitude (he did his site while drunk)
A web video company that is most likely a hoax
A world without power
A worthy Ultrabook appears: the ThinkPad X1 Carbon reviewed
A writer leaves Microsoft Word
A year without caffeine (part 2)
A ‘frighteningly ambitious’ way to improve email
A “perfect” voting system
A “simple” 3rd grade problem
A+ for O'Reilly Customer Service: Keep the books and donate them
A.C.L.U. Files Suit Over Phone Surveillance Program
ABC takes 5% equity or 2% royalty from all companies that appear on Shark Tank
ACLU launches phone app to help motorists secretly record police stops
ACM considered harmful
ACTA killed in EU parliament: 478 votes to 39
ACTA will force border searches of laptops, smartphones for pirated content
AI
AI are taking jobs
AIDS vaccine in final testing
AK47 assault rifle inventor Kalashnikov dies at 94
AMA with Barack Obama
AMC movie theater calls FBI to arrest a Google Glass user
AMD launches Kaveri processors aimed at starting a computing revolution
AMD reveals its first ARM processor: 8-core Opteron A1100
AMD to Nvidia: prove it, don’t just say it
AOL Asks Us If We Can Tone It Down
AOL Exposed: A Former AOL Employee Speaks Out
AOL buys Huffington Post for $315mm in cash
API Design - Matt Gemmell
APIs that will transform the Web in 2013
AR Drone That Infects Other Drones With Virus Wins DroneGames
ARM immediate value encoding
ARM64 and You
ASCII Delimited Text – Not CSV or TAB delimited text
ASCII Google Streetview
ASCII diagram creator
ASK PG: Why HN killed a reasonable complain about YC company
ASUS Launches Monitor with 3840 x 2160 IGZO Display
AT&T Now Charging You an Extra $2/Month For Not Using Enough Long Distance
AT&T Pretends It, Too, Will Build A 1 Gigabit Network
AT&T Will Force Your Data Plan For Your Unlocked Out-of-Contract "Smart" Phone
AT&T has a fiberoptic splitter copying our data to NSA
AT&T to Acquire T-Mobile USA for $39 Billion
AT&T's Rube Golbergian Web Form
AWS Costs Cheat Sheet
AWS Marketplace
AWS OpsWorks - Flexible Application Management in the Cloud Using Chef
AWS Service Disruption Post Mortem
AWS Tips I Wish I'd Known Before I Started
AWS Tips, Tricks, and Techniques
AWS drops bandwidth pricing
AWS is down due to an electrical storm in the US
AWS is down, but here's why the sky is falling
AWS outage summary
Aalto Talk with Linus Torvalds
Aaron Swartz
Aaron Swartz "JSTOR" case indictment revised/expanded
Aaron Swartz Documentary – The Internet's Own Boy
Aaron Swartz Was Targeted by Feds Over His Activism
Aaron Swartz commits suicide
Aaron Swartz v. United States
Aaron Swartz's Lawyer: MIT Refused Plea Deal Without Jail Time
Aaron Swartz, American hero
Aaron Swartz, Asking For Help, 119 Days Ago
Aaron Swartz, Precocious Programmer and Internet Activist, Dies at 26
Aaron Swartz: The Book That Changed My Life
Aaron Winborn: Special Needs Trust
Aaron is dead. From: Tim Berners-Lee
Aaron's Army
Aaron's domain registration runs out in Sept. We should archive it in his memory
Aaronsw indicted for hacking MIT network to download millions of JSTOR docs
Abandoned island in the middle of NYC
Abolish The Patent, Vanquish The Troll
Abolish the Department of Homeland Security
About 33 bits
About PayPal's Node vs Java “fight”
About Python 3
About normalize.css: a modern, HTML5-ready alternative to CSS resets
About that time Google spied on my Gmail
About the Reuters article
About the security content of iOS 7.0.6
About those vector icons
Abrash on Valve: How I Got Here, What It's Like, and What I'm Doing
Abusing Emoji in iOS and Your Mac
Academic Torrents
Academic papers are hidden from the public. Here's some direct action.
Academics posting their papers online in tribute to Aaron Swartz
Academics should stop doing free peer-review for non-open-access journals.
Accidental Genius: How To Think
Accounting for Computer Scientists
Accuracy takes power: one man's 3GHz quest to build a perfect SNES emulator
Accuracy takes power: one man’s 3GHz quest to build a perfect SNES emulator
Accurate remake of Pac-Man in JavaScript
Acetaminophen and the War on Drugs (2009)
Ack 2.0 has been released
Action and habit
Active Admin - The missing administration framework for Ruby on Rails
Actual Facebook Graph Searches
Actually eat healthily for £1 per day
Actually using Ed
AdBlock Plus will soon allow "non-intrusive" ads by default
Adafruit's Trinket
Adaptive Backgrounds – A jQuery plugin for extracting dominant colors
Add recurring billing to your site. No coding, monthly fees, gateways. Code=HN
Add two-factor authentication to your ssh in 30 seconds
Adderall Addiction: The Last All-Nighter
Addictive and sticky HTML5 experiment
Adi Shamir Prevented from Attending Crypto and Cryptology Conferences
Adioso is reinventing travel search. Check these never-before-possible searches
Adium Redesigned
Adobe Edge Web Fonts
Adobe acquires Typekit
Adobe ceases development on mobile browser Flash, refocuses efforts on HTML5
Adobe wants Ninite to stop rolling out crapware-free Flash
Adobe's Source Code Pro Font
Adria Richards, PyCon, and How We All Lost
Adrian and Jacob retiring as Django BDFLs
Ads in Gmail displayed as normal emails?
Advanced Computer Science Courses
Advanced Data Structures MIT
Advanced Google Analytics for Startups
Advanced Javascript tips and tricks
Advanced sign-in security for your Google account
Adventures in Aeron Chair Arbitrage
Advice From An Old Programmer
Advice for Marissa Mayer from an ex-Yahoo
Advice for US entrepreneurs who move to Europe
Adware vendors buy Chrome Extensions to send ad- and malware-filled updates
Aerial footage of uncontacted Amazon tribe
Aerial photography ban proposed for all but government
Aerial robots swarm the stage at TED [video]
AeroFS - File Sync Without Servers
AeroFS is Hiring Smart Engineers
AeroFS is hiring!
After 180 Websites, I’m Ready to Start the Rest of My Life as a Coder
After 244 Years, Encyclopaedia Britannica Stops the Presses
After 25 years in jail, the Internet blew my mind
After 5 days, my OS doesn't crash when I press a key
After 7.5 years, Firefox finally adds line numbers to view-source:
After Facebook fails
After Multiple Denials, CIA Admits to Snooping on Noam Chomsky
After NSA's XKeyscore, Wikipedia Switches to HTTPS
After Three Months of Using a Standing Desk
After Tyrone Hayes said that a chemical was harmful, its maker pursued him
After a year of struggling, my startup is now open source
After botched child porn raid, judge sees the light on IP addresses
After traffic stop, man forced to have x-ray, enema, anal probes and colonoscopy
Agile Is Dead (Long Live Agility)
Agile is a Sham
Agile: 5 years later and you're still doing it wrong
Aha Moments When Learning Git
Air Gaps
Airbnb
Airbnb Annual
Airbnb Competitor Checks IDs: 'We Don't Want to Trade Security for Volume'
Airbnb Has Arrived: Raising Mega-Round at a $1 Billion+ Valuation
Airbnb Nightmare: No End In Sight
Airbnb Taps Facebook, Lets You Crash With Friends Of Friends
Airbnb Victim Speaks Again: Homeless, Scared And Angry
Airbnb says this man does not exist. So I had coffee with him
Airplane Mode
Airport Security Is Killing Us
Airport full-body X-ray scanners banned across Europe as unsafe
Aisle50 (YC S11) is hiring in Chicago
Akamai thrives in the spirit of its lost founder
Akin's Laws of Spacecraft Design
Al Gore Comes Out Against SOPA/PIPA
Alan Cox leaves Linux and Intel
Alan Turing Documentary
Alan Turing's 100th Birthday - Mathematician, logician, cryptanalyst, scientist
Alan Turing's Suicide in Doubt
Aleksey Vayner Has Died at 29
Alertify.js
Alexis Ohanian and Dan Kaminsky will address Congress on Jan 18th
Alexis Ohanian vs NBC - Debating SOPA
Algorithmic symphonies from one line of code
Algorithms [pdf]
Algorithms from the “Book”
Algorithms to enhance or transform images
Alief
All April Fools' Day Jokes on the Web Are Here (so they don't clutter HN)
All Hacker Monthly issues free for next ~24 hours
All Maps in China are Transformed
All NeXT Inc.'s Plant Lacks Is Orders (1990)
All Programmers Are Self-Taught
All RGB colors in one image
All Rational Approximations of Pi Are Useless
All Star Trek Episodes from Every Series to Stream on Netflix
All The Cheat Sheets An Up To Date Web Designer Needs: CSS3, HTML5 and jQuery
All Web Developers Should Stop Doing This Immediately
All around the world, labour is losing out to capital
All of Einstein's writings are now online
All of Iceland's public administrations moving towards open source
All of life has been utterly, profoundly changed thanks to Facebook...
All the oxygen trapped in a bubble
All these Brilliant People at Facebook Make Me Sad
Alligator Eggs
Almost Everything in "Dr. Strangelove" Was True
Almost Flat Design
Alone Together, Again
Alternative Internet
Alternative jQuery Documentation
Always Be Coding – How to Land an Engineering Job
Always a starter, never a finisher.
Always pay your web developers
Always “hover” before you click? Wrong.
Am I An Outlier, Or Are Apple Products No Longer Easy To Use?
Amash’s Amendment To Defund NSA Program Fails 205-217
Amazing ASCII interactive fluid animation
Amazing optical illusion or "glitch in the Matrix"?
Amazing: Microsoft turns spoken English into spoken Mandarin – in the same voice
Amazon Acquires Social Reading Site Goodreads
Amazon Analytics Service
Amazon Announces new Data Warehousing Product
Amazon App Store: Rotten To The Core
Amazon Cloud Drive and Amazon Cloud Player
Amazon CloudSearch - Start Searching in One Hour for Less Than $100 / Month
Amazon Coins Launching
Amazon Digital Markup: 129,000%
Amazon Drops Price Of EC2 Dedicated Instances By Up To 80%
Amazon DynamoDB – a Fast and Scalable NoSQL Database Service from AWS
Amazon EC2 Pricing Changes Effective April 1, 2014
Amazon EC2 currently down. Affecting Heroku, Reddit, Others
Amazon Elastic Transcoder
Amazon Glacier
Amazon Officially Announces The New Kindle Paperwhite
Amazon Prime Air
Amazon Prime members buy twice as much, don't compare on price
Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL
Amazon S3 - Cross Origin Resource Sharing Support
Amazon S3 Pricing Changes Effective April 1, 2014
Amazon Signs Up Authors, Writing Publishers Out of Deal
Amazon Staff Meetings: “No Powerpoint”
Amazon Supply
Amazon Unveils $199 Kindle Fire Tablet
Amazon Web Services are down
Amazon WorkSpaces
Amazon and the "profitless business model" fallacy
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos calls for governments to end patent wars
Amazon in talks with HP to buy Palm
Amazon kindle source code
Amazon now loaning capital to sellers
Amazon reopen wiped Kindle account
Amazon stops selling Sim City V over game issues
Amazon studios
Amazon to Begin Sunday Deliveries, With Post Office's Help
Amazon to Provide CD Buyers With Cloud-Based MP3s For Free
Amazon ‘willing to be misunderstood for very long periods of time’
Amazon's German Workers Strike
Amazon's Play
Amazon's homepage was down
Amazon's minimum order size for free shipping is now $35
Amazon's top selling laptop doesn't run Windows or Mac OS, it runs Linux
Amazon.com criticising new iPad on homepage
Amazon.com just closed my seller account. No warning, no details.
Amazon: Ponzi Scheme or Wal-Mart of the Web? (2000)
Amazon’s $23,698,655.93 book about flies
Amazon’s Kindle Tablet Is Very Real. I’ve Seen It, Played With It.
Amazon’s problem isn’t the outage, it’s the communication
Amber Waves of Green
Ambient bus arrival monitor from hacked Linksys WRT54GL
Amen: the world's most famous sample and the rise of the musical copyright
America Online to Buy Internet Chat Service for $287 Million (1998)
America knows everything
America to immigrants: keep your entrepreneurs
America's License Raj
America's Real Criminal Element: Lead
American Summer: Before Air-Conditioning (1998)
America’s Shameful Human Rights Record (2012)
Amit Gupta has found a 10/10 matched donor
Amit Gupta needs you
Amit’s Thoughts on Grids
Amnesty International on the detention of Greenwald's partner
Amon - server monitoring, simplified logging and error tracking for web apps
Amount of profanity in git commit messages per programming language
Amtrak Residency
Amusing ourselves to death
An 8086 PC emulator in 4043 bytes
An ABC proof too tough even for mathematicians
An Absolute Beginner's Guide to Node.js
An Advanced Guide to HTML and CSS
An Alternate Universe (Microsoft Surface)
An Amaz-ing Resume
An Apology to my European IT Team
An Early Retirement
An Efficient Way to Extract the Main Topics from a Sentence
An Elephant Burial
An Emacs conference
An Engineer’s guide to Stock Options
An FBI Hostage Negotiator Buys A Car [audio]
An HTML/CSS/JS code editor in 230+ bytes
An Indian Inventor Disrupts The Period Industry
An Interactive Guide To The Fourier Transform
An Introduction to Data Mining
An Introduction to Stock & Options for the Tech Entrepreneur or Startup Employee
An Intuitive Guide to Linear Algebra
An Open Letter From Internet Engineers to the U.S. Congress
An Open Letter To LulzSec
An Open Letter to Apple on the Readability App rejection
An Open Letter to Craig Newmark
An Open Letter to HN from EFF, Demand Progress, and Cory Doctorow
An Open Letter to the Chiefs of EMC and RSA
An USB plug that goes both ways
An Unexpected Ass Kicking
An Update from Elon Musk
An actual PHP hammer with the claw on both sides
An algorithm for the Names at the 9/11 Memorial
An analysis of Steve Jobs tribute messages displayed by Apple
An apology to open source
An apology to readers of Test-Driven iOS Development
An easy way to share files P2P, and how it works
An employee, whose last name is Null, kills our employee lookup app
An encrypted message to Edward Snowden
An engineer's emergency kit business card
An entire Mobile OS built using HTML, CSS and JS - by Mozilla
An eruption from the Sun that happened today
An explanation of the CSS animation on Apple's iPhone 4S webpage
An iOS Developer Takes on Android
An iPad Lover’s Take On The Nexus 7
An iPhone lover’s confession: I switched to the Nexus 4
An idea for non-technical co-founders: try a service-first business
An immutable operating system
An inside look behind Romney's loss: An epic failure of its Orca big-data app
An office with "library rules"
An open MySQL bug receives a real Birthday cake
An open letter to Stripe: please come to Europe
An unofficial alternative to the HN interface
An update on Truecrypt
Analysis of SSD Reliability during power outages
Analysis of bank PIN numbers
AnandTech: Microsoft Surface Review
Anatomy of a Crushing
Anatomy of a Fake Quotation
Anatomy of a Hoax (Sony Nexus phone)
Anatomy of a cheap USB-to-Ethernet adapter
Anatomy of a pseudorandom number generator – visualising Cryptocat's buggy PRNG
Ancient flower lives only on two Spanish cliffs, and uses ants to survive
And Then Steve Said, ‘Let There Be an iPhone’
And suddenly, you're hip
Andreessen Horowitz Invests $15M In Text Annotation Startup Rap Genius
Andreessen Horowitz to give half their earnings to charity
Andrew Mason's statement about being fired as Groupon CEO
Andrew Mason’s "I'm not answering that" technique
Android
Android AOSP maintainer quits
Android Design
Android Fragmentation Visualized
Android KitKat
Android Orphans: Visualizing a Sad History of Support
Android Patterns
Android Performance Case Study
Android Ported to C#
Android account passwords are stored on disk in plain text
Android app scans products, reveals SOPA support status of creator
Android can be beautiful
Android coming to wearables
Android for all and the new Nexus 5
Android is for startups
Android openness withering as Google withholds Honeycomb
Android saves wifi passwords in plaintext to the cloud
Android: Faster emulator with better hardware support
Android: The Land That Python Forgot
Andy Herzfield tells about the team behind Google+ Circles
Andy Rutledge Redesigns NYTimes.com
Ang Lee and the uncertainty of success
Angry Birds for Chrome in Canvas and WebGL
Angry Bird’s “overnight success” only took 8 years.
Angry Nerds
Angry entrepreneur replies to patent troll with racketeering lawsuit
Angular 2.0
AngularJS 1.2.0: timely-delivery
AngularJS Cheat Sheet
AngularJS Learning Resources
AngularJS Tutorial: Learn to Build Modern Web Apps
AngularJS versus Ember
Anic - Faster than C, Safer than Java, Simpler than *sh
Animate.css - a bunch of plug-and-play CSS animations
Animated Engines
Animated Factorisation Diagrams
Animated Vector Icons
Animation to Explain CSS Triangles
Announcing Amazon ElastiCache - Managed Memcached
Announcing Amber.js
Announcing Backbone.js 1.0
Announcing Backlift: Deployment and Hosting for Backbone.js
Announcing HashiCorp (a Company for Vagrant)
Announcing MoSQL
Announcing NoSQL Tapes
Announcing Online MS in Computer Science in Collaboration with Georgia Tech
Announcing SPDY draft 2 implementation in nginx
Announcing Scala.js v0.1
Announcing The Dark Mail Alliance – Founded by Silent Circle and Lavabit
Announcing The Matasano/Square CTF
Announcing Topaz: A New Ruby
Announcing Wolfram Alpha Pro
Announcing the Female Founders Conference (March 1)
Announcing the First Beta Release of Persona
Announcing the Safe, a Replacement for Convertible Notes
Anonymous & Lulz Security Statement to the FBI
Anonymous Austria leaks 2.8 GB Scientology Emails
Anonymous Cancels Operation Cartel as Los Zetas Track Hacktivists
Anonymous Donor Pays for College of Every Student in Kalamazoo
Anonymous Publishing is Dead
Anonymous goes after Sony, makes it personal... very personal
Anonymous hacks Booz Allen Hamilton, US military contractor, 90k logins dumped
Anonymous hijacks Syria's government pages
Anonymous intercepts confidential conference call between FBI and Scotland Yard
Anonymous message to NATO
Anonymous releases 10,365 e-mails from the Iranian government
Anonymous speaks: the inside story of the HBGary hack
Anonymous takes down Department of Justice and Universal Music
Anonymous vs. HBGary: the aftermath
Another Airbnb Victim Tells His Story: “There Were Meth Pipes Everywhere”
Another Ortiz case
Another Spanking for Apple from Judge Posner
Another awesome US immigration experience
Another go at Go failed
Another year of Clojure
Answering your questions about Heroku routing and web performance
Anti-ageing compound set for human trials after turning clock back for mice
Anti-foreword to the Unix haters handbook by dmr
AntiSec leaks 1,000,001 Apple UDIDs, Device Names/Types
Antibiotic resistance: The last resort
Antigua Government Set to Launch “Pirate” Website To Punish United States
Antihydrogen Trapped For 1000 Seconds
Antiprism
Anvil - a Mac app for Pow
Anxiety over the new Gmail Compose
Any Android app can read your WhatsApp database
Any page loaded in IE can track your mouse movements anywhere
Apache considered harmful
Apache releases first major new version of popular Web server in six years
Apartments So Small They Can Only Be Photographed From Above
Apollo program source code
App Engine charges $6,500 to update a ListProperty on 14.1 million entities
App Store Pricing: Worth Less than a Cup of Coffee
App store shenanigans
App-pocalypse Now
App.net funded with $500,000.
AppGratis Is Nothing More Than A Black Hat Marketing Company
AppGratis pulled from the App Store. Here’s the full story
AppHarbor (YC W11): "Azure Done Right"
Apparently It’s OK For iOS Apps To Ask For Your Apple ID And Password
Apparently Yelp has a no-fly list
Appeals court upholds legality of Aereo’s “tiny antennas” scheme
Apple - Think Twice
Apple Acquires Rapid-Fire Camera App Developer SnappyLabs
Apple AirTunes private key extracted
Apple And Microsoft Behind Patent Troll Armed With Thousands Of Nortel Patents
Apple Announces Event on October 4th: Let's Talk iPhone
Apple Announces Plans to Initiate Dividend and Share Repurchase Program
Apple Broke My iPhone, and Their Policies Prevent Them from Fixing It
Apple CarPlay
Apple Confirms That Its Dev Center Has Been Breached By Hackers
Apple Dev Center outage
Apple Developer Center still down
Apple Developer Website Update
Apple Explains How Secure iMessage Is
Apple Keyboard in pure CSS.
Apple Literally Stole my Thunder
Apple Lossless Audio Codec is now open source (Apache license)
Apple MacBooks Can Be Hacked Through The Battery
Apple Made A Deal With The Devil (No, Worse: A Patent Troll)
Apple Never Designed the iPad - They Undesigned it
Apple Never Invented Anything
Apple Q&A on gathering and use of location data (Apple Press Release)
Apple Quietly Pulls Claims of Virus Immunity
Apple RIP Logo design
Apple Rejects App That Tracks U.S. Drone Strikes
Apple Removes Green Electronics Certification From Products
Apple Reports First Quarter Results
Apple Reports First Quarter Results: $13.06 Billion Net Profit
Apple Reverses Course On In-App Subscriptions
Apple Said to Acquire Color
Apple Says New OS X ‘Mavericks’ Will Be Offered for Free
Apple Sues Amazon.com, Seeks Order to Stop Use of 'App Store'
Apple Support Allowed Hacker Access to Reporter's iCloud Account
Apple Tells Lodsys Patent Troll to Back Off
Apple Unveils The iPhone 5S
Apple Wins Patent Ruling As Jury Finds Samsung Infringes
Apple ][+ in HTML5
Apple accused of ripping off famous Swiss clock design
Apple acquired mind-blowing 3D mapping company C3 Technologies
Apple and Google’s wage-fixing involved dozens more companies, over 1M employees
Apple and the Kindle
Apple announces Mac OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion
Apple betrayed by its own law firm
Apple censors Lawrence Lessig over warranty information
Apple copies rejected app
Apple deals massive patent blow to HTC, Android in serious trouble
Apple design chief Jonathan Ive awarded knighthood
Apple didn't revolutionize power supplies; new transistors did
Apple granted preliminary sales ban of Galaxy Nexus
Apple hides a Patriot-Act-busting "warrant canary" in its transparency report
Apple iOS 7 surprises as first with new multipath TCP connections
Apple iPhone charger teardown: quality in an tiny expensive package
Apple ignores bug report
Apple is back on EPEAT
Apple is not “recording your moves”
Apple not providing LGPL webkit source code for latest iOS 4.3.x
Apple now holding more cash than USA
Apple phasing out developer access to the UDID in iOS 5
Apple rejected Flattr… and it’s not the end
Apple rejecting applications which use Dropbox
Apple releases Ipad 3
Apple releases OS X Mavericks 10.9.2 with SSL fix
Apple releases dev preview of Mac OS X 10.7 Lion with AirDrop, FileVault
Apple responds: we want a cut of Amazon, Sony e-book sales
Apple script resizes iPad banner and pushes Samsung verdict out of view
Apple security blunder exposes Lion login passwords in clear text
Apple to drop Google Maps in iOS 6 for in-house Maps?
Apple told to rewrite "Samsung didn't copy", post on front page until Dec 14th
Apple using patents to undermine open standards again
Apple will invest $100 million to bring Mac production back to the US next year
Apple will require apps to ask users for permission to address books
Apple's 1978 office floor plan
Apple's 1987 Knowledge Navigator, Only One Month Late
Apple's 30% vig for ebooks just killed the iFlow Reader app
Apple's A7 is Made By Samsung
Apple's HTTP POST caching is a bug
Apple's Module proposal to replace headers for C-based languages [pdf]
Apple's New Pinch-To-Zoom Monopoly is Bad News
Apple's Role in Japan during the Tohoku Earthquake
Apple's SSL/TLS bug
Apple's Supply Chain Secret
Apple's domains
Apple's iCloud will automatically store, sync data for free
Apple's iMessage encryption trips up feds' surveillance
Apple's mind-bogglingly greedy and evil license agreement
Apple's pinch-to-zoom patent invalidated by USPTO
Apple's tribute to Steve Jobs, one year on.
Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and others launch webplatform.org
AppleCrate II: A New Apple II-Based Parallel Computer
Apple’s Deleting iCloud Emails That Contain The Phrase 'Barely Legal Teens'
Apple’s diabolical plan to screw your iPhone
Apple’s great GPL purge
Apple’s iCloud Icon Uses The Golden Ratio
Apple’s iPhone 5 touchscreen is 2.5 times faster than Android devices
Applications Open For Summer 2011 YC Funding Cycle
Applications Open for Winter 2012 YC Funding
Applications Open for Winter 2013 YC Funding
Applications open for Y Combinator's summer 2012 funding cycle
Applications open for summer 2013 YC funding
Applications open for the summer 2014 YC batch
Appmaker
Apps? No root? Your device serves others, warns Berners-Lee
April 5, 2007: "Show HN, Dropbox"
Arbor.js - HTML5 graph visualization library
Arch Linux Handbook for Kindle rejected by Amazon
Arch Linux turns 10
Arch Linux – "It is what you make it"
Arch Linux: MariaDB replaces MySQL in repositories
Architect's Dream House: Less Than 200 Square Feet
Archive.org donations matched 3:1 until 2014
Archiving URLs
Are Bitcoins The Future?
Are Designers Crazy?
Are Malls Over?
Are People Finally Getting Bored with the Tech-Blog Circle Jerk?
Are Placebos Really Sugar Pills?
Are Those Spidery Black Things On Mars Dangerous?
Are You A Typing Hacker? Prove It
Are You a Zen Coder or Distraction-Junkie?
Are Your Programmers Working Hard, Or Are They Lazy?
Are coders worth it?
Are founders really 1000x more valuable than their employees?
Are jobs obsolete?
Are mass shootings really random events? A look at the US numbers
Are we shooting ourselves in the foot with stack overflows?
Are you a Facebook employee?
Are you a technical person?
Are you alone in San Francisco on Thanksgiving? Join Us
Aren't you glad you didn't cite this webpage?
Arm unveils 1mm x 1mm 32bit chip: "years of battery life"
Armchair air crash investigator
Arrington, Race, and Silicon Valley
Art of writing unmaintainable code.
Arthur C. Clarke Predicts the Future in 1964 … And Kind of Nails It
Artificial Intelligence and What Computers Still Don't Understand
Artillery is building a hardcore RTS with HTML5 and WebGL
Arvind Kejriwal: I am a fortune teller and I can see India's future
As Egypt Erupts, Al Jazeera Offers Its News for Free to Other Networks
As Feds Demand the Keys, Preparing for the Death of Public-Key Encryption
As crops rot, millions go hungry in India
As much Stack Overflow as possible in 4096 bytes
Asciiflow
Asiana Airlines Boeing 777 crashes at SFO
Asiana Airlines Flight 214: A Pilot’s Perspective
Ask HN admins: please stop editing submission titles
Ask HN/PG: Why are comments being paginated?
Ask HN: A patent troll is targeting my transit app
Ask HN: A place like HN but with more nerdy stuff and less social stuff?
Ask HN: Anyone have a really smart way to organize css?
Ask HN: Anyone know where Mark Pilgrim went?
Ask HN: Apart from Hacker News, what else you read?
Ask HN: Are you alone in San Francisco on Thanksgiving?
Ask HN: Best book you read in 2011
Ask HN: Best books you read in 2012
Ask HN: Can we please slow down the stories about Edward Snowden?
Ask HN: Desperate Python Hacker Seeking Help and Suggestions
Ask HN: Do you meditate? How/Why?
Ask HN: Does anyone actually code at a hackathon?
Ask HN: Does anyone know what's going on at Coinbase?
Ask HN: Favorite HN threads of all time
Ask HN: Google employees, why is G+ more important than your users?
Ask HN: Google workers, sister is visiting S.J. Can she tour the Googleplex?
Ask HN: Help a Hacker Out
Ask HN: Help me, I fuck around on the Internet too much
Ask HN: Help, HN'er in trouble, we need a laywer in Delhi immediately
Ask HN: Help, I think Amazon is stealing my ebook
Ask HN: How Can I leave Syria now and get asylum in Europe (Germany)
Ask HN: How can I do something meaningful?
Ask HN: How did you become a hardcore back-end developer?
Ask HN: How did you hack the press when you launched your startup(s)?
Ask HN: How do you earn your money?
Ask HN: How do you escape CRUD jobs?
Ask HN: How do you know if you're burnt out or just being lazy?
Ask HN: How do you learn to develop exploits?
Ask HN: How do you promote your web apps?
Ask HN: How do you stop regretting?
Ask HN: How many of you built a profitable startup while having a day job?
Ask HN: How much did you earn as an employee from an exit?
Ask HN: How much recurring income do you generate, and from what?
Ask HN: How to find part-time developer work?
Ask HN: How to increase self-discipline as a self-employed person?
Ask HN: How to setup a company in U.S. without being there?
Ask HN: How to stave off decline of HN?
Ask HN: How would you make a site resistant to government takedown?
Ask HN: I am wasting so much of time, what can I do?
Ask HN: I might be going to prison soon – how to save my one-man SaaS startup?
Ask HN: I really need your help (resolved)
Ask HN: I think My code isn't Good enough
Ask HN: I'm 15, won a grant to develop a suicide prevention app, what next?
Ask HN: I'm a chronic procrastinator – how do I break it?
Ask HN: I'm an unemployed programmer in SF that will work for minimum wage
Ask HN: I'm desperate to stay in Denmark. Anyone need a great web/ios dev?
Ask HN: I'm lost. Please help
Ask HN: I'm quadriplegic – can you help me with my security?
Ask HN: Is TDD/BDD hampering your startup's agility?
Ask HN: Is it me or ...?
Ask HN: Just received an offer for our company, what now?
Ask HN: Learn Math the Hard Way
Ask HN: Looking for contributors?
Ask HN: My Startup is Going to Die Because I Messed Up
Ask HN: My wife needs something to do from home to make money...
Ask HN: Review RentPost.com
Ask HN: Screwed out of $12.8 million. Being Extorted. No Money for attorneys.
Ask HN: Should we agree that this account will submit all Who is Hiring posts?
Ask HN: Small product, single founder success stories?
Ask HN: Successful one-person online businesses?
Ask HN: Tools of the trade, 2013 edition
Ask HN: Webdevs, designers: what devtools should we (Mozilla) build in Firefox?
Ask HN: What are the good old ideas that still make money on the web?
Ask HN: What are you working on and why is it cool?
Ask HN: What book changed your life in 2013?
Ask HN: What did the really successful programmers do differently?
Ask HN: What happens to older developers?
Ask HN: What is your preferred Python stack for high traffic webservices?
Ask HN: What programming blogs do you read daily?
Ask HN: What unknown technical blogs or sites do you read?
Ask HN: What'd you do to get your first 100 users?
Ask HN: What's the best technical talk you've heard?
Ask HN: What's your favorite bookmarked HN thread?
Ask HN: What's your speciality, and what's your "FizzBuzz" equivalent?
Ask HN: Where are the 750k Bitcoins lost by Mt. Gox?
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring Remote Workers? (January 2011 Edition)
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring? (August 2012)
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring? (July 2012)
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring? (June 2012)
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring? (November 2012)
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring? (October 2012)
Ask HN: Who Is Hiring? (September 2012)
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (April 2011)
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (April 2012)
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (August 2011)
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (December 2011)
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (January 2012)
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (July 2011)
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (June 2011)
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (March 2012)
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (May 2011)
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (May 2012)
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (November 2011)
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (October 2011)
Ask HN: Who is Hiring? (September 2011)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (April 2013)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (August 2013)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (December 2012)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (December 2013)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (February 2014)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (January 2013)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (January 2014)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (July 2013)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (June 2013)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (March 2013)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (March 2014)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (May 2013)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (October 2013)
Ask HN: Who is hiring? (September 2013)
Ask HN: Who's Hiring? (February 2011 Edition)
Ask HN: Who's Hiring? (January 2011 Edition)
Ask HN: Why are a large proportion of legit posts being marked [dead]?
Ask HN: Why can't I make as much as I make?
Ask HN: Why can't I see downvote or upvote arrows anywhere?
Ask HN: Why dont my upvotes work?
Ask HN: Why the Microsoft hate?
Ask HN: Why would a government have created bitcoin?
Ask HN: Your best passive income sources?
Ask HN: how to become a morning person?
Ask HN: losing faith in the startup where I'm employee #1
Ask HN: what was the best life/programming choice you ever made?
Ask HN: who started something in 2012 which is already profitable?
Ask PG: Any chance of an update on "What I've learned from Hacker News"?
Ask PG: Comments are not working?
Ask PG: Did the "apply to YC without an idea" experiment work?
Ask PG: How has voting habit/volume changed since being hidden?
Ask PG: How would you fill out a YC application with YC as your idea?
Ask PG: If Viaweb hadn't worked out, what would you have likely done next?
Ask PG: Please consider a resurrection vote for the undead amongst us
Ask PG: Please revert the change to break up discussions in multiple pages?
Ask PG: Postmortem of the outage?
Ask PG: What Is The Most Frighteningly Ambitious Idea You Have Been Pitched On?
Ask PG: What has changed since you wrote Hackers and Painters in 2004?
Ask PG: Why are submission titles manipulated without notification?
Ask PG: Why is everybody hellbanned?
Ask PG: Will you post an update to "Startup Ideas We'd Like to Fund"?
Ask PG: could you add the subdomain next to the article title?
Ask Patrick McKenzie (patio11) anything
AskPatents.com: A Stack Exchange To Prevent Bad Patents
Asking for accessibility gets you nothing but grief.
Asking the U.S. to allow Google to publish more national security request data
Asm.js in Firefox Nightly
Asm.js: The JavaScript Compile Target
Association between muscular strength and mortality in men (2008) [pdf]
Asteroid Mining Venture Backed by Google Execs, James Cameron Unveiled
Astrobiologists Find Ancient Fossils in Meteorite Fragments
Async I/O for Python 3
Asynchronous UIs - the future of web user interfaces
At 16, Ganesh got a job in Qatar. Two months later he was dead
At 92, Movie Bootlegger Is Soldiers’ Hero
At Facebook, zero-day exploits, backdoor code bring war games drill to life
At Google X, a Top-Secret Lab Dreaming Up the Future
At last, a law to stop almost anyone from doing almost anything
At least now we know why Color really got that funding
At the End of a Procrastinated Day
At work? Try this Hacker News homepage inspired by Node [SFW]
Atari Sketches of Laptops and Wikipedia from 1982
Atom
Attacking Tor: how the NSA targets users' online anonymity
Attorneys for Barrett Brown want case on linking to hacked material dismissed
Audacity 2.0 Released
Auditor's response to "Our security auditor is an idiot" (Update 3)
Aussies' fix for 'stagnated' email
Australis is landing in Firefox Nightly
Author of LuaJIT explains why compilers can't beat hand-coded assembly
Auto submission bots on Hacker News
Automate download, install, config of IE-only VM's with VirtualBox (Linux/OSX)
Automatic: Your Smart Driving Assistant
Avenger controller company pisses off gaming community with bad customer support
Average Is Over
Avgrund.js
Avis acquires car sharing company Zipcar for $500 million
Avoid Apress
Avoiding "the stupid hour"
Avoiding Burnout
Avoiding Depression While Not Running a $1B Company
Avoiding Heart Disease
Avoiding a transit of the United States
Awesome Python and django related projects
Awesome about page
Awesome but Useless
Awesome jQuery File Upload
Awesome web development productivity tools
Awful app review trend among Turkish users
Aziz Ansari releases DRM-free standup special for $5
B go beyond – Quadcopter/RC car combo
B&N Decides That Purchased Ebooks Are Only Yours Until Your Credit Card Expires
B2B Is Unsexy, and I Know It
BBC Attacks the Open Web, GNU/Linux in Danger
BBC To Delete 172 Websites Due to Budget Cuts, Geek Saves Them for $3.99
BBC confronts Facebook troll
BBC demands DRM for HTML5
Baby steps toward replacing Google Reader
Baby's First Garbage Collector
Back in the Django saddle
Back on Linux (after one year of Apple and OS X)
Back to the Future Photo Project (NSFW)
Back up your precious files on ordinary paper
Backbone 0.9.0 released
Backbone UI
Backbone has made me a better programmer
Backbone.js 0.5.0 Released (with pushState)
Backbone.js 0.9.9 Released
Backbone.js Fundamentals
Backbone.js Screencast - Introduction and Views
Backdoor found in Linksys, Netgear Routers
Backdoor found in a China-made US military chip
BackgroundCheck
Backpacker stripped of tech gear at Auckland Airport
Bada Bing, Bada Boom: Culture inside Bing
Bag of hurt
Baidu now accepts Bitcoin
Baking Pi - Operating Systems Development
Balancing text for better readability
Balsamiq integrates with UX.StackExchange.com
Bandwidth needs halved by new compression written in Go
Bank of America's Research Report on Bitcoin [pdf]
Bank of America: Too Crooked to Fail
Bank of Canada: The New $100 Note
Bank robbery suspect wants NSA phone records for his defense
BankSimple invites first customers; rebrands itself as Simple
BankSimple: We have cards
Bankers now Too Big to Jail
Banking Startup Simple Acquired for $117M, Will Continue to Operate Separately
Banned from Kickstarter for Being a Stalking Victim
Barack Obama Directs All Federal Agencies to Have an API
BareMetal is a 64-bit OS for x86-64 based computers
Barnes & Noble Exposes Microsoft's Trivial Patents and Strategy Against Android
Basecamp was under network attack
Bash Shortcuts For Maximum Productivity
Basic Data Structures and Algorithms in the Linux Kernel
Basic Neural Network on Python
Basics of Compiler Design
Basics of Neural Networks with example codes and illustrations
Batman's Real Story
Battery Swap [video]
Battle-ready Nginx – an optimization guide
Battlecode: MIT's longest-running hardcore programming competition
Battleships: a ridiculous but awesome idea
Bayes' rule in Haskell (2007)
BayesDB - a Bayesian database table
Bayesian stats book banned in China
Be Careful When Comparing AWS Costs...
Be Careful when Speaking to Federal Agents - 18 U.S.C. Section 1001
Be Employee or Intern #1
Be More Productive. Take Time Off.
Be a quiet professional
Be employee #1 with Envolve (S11) Help build the world's best messaging platform
Be nice to programmers
Beats Drum Machine
Beautiful Buttons for Twitter Bootstrappers
Beautiful Time-Lapse of Milky Way over Lake Tahoe
Beautiful web type: highlighting the best of the Google web fonts directory
Because Everyone (Still) Needs a Router
Because it needs to be said
Because of the storm we're pushing the YC application deadline back to Friday
Become first engineering hire at "most sought after" YC company
Bedrock Linux
Beej's Guide to Network Programming
Beets – Command-line music manager and auto-tagger
Before I Die...
Before Prosecuting, Investigate the Government
Beg HN: Please only report serious GitHub outages (1h+)
Beginners Guide to HTML/CSS
Behind the scenes at Adioso - Part 1: Reality Check
Behind the scenes of the Pirate Bay trial
Behind the stick of the SR-71
Being Frugal Makes You A Loser
Being a "Great Coder" and 10000 Hours
Being a Developer Makes You Valuable. Learning How to Market Makes You Dangerous
Being a Software Architect
Being deaf
Being poor changes your thinking about everything
Belarus makes browsing foreign web sites a criminal offense
Belgian man completes 365 marathons in 365 consecutive days
Believe you can change
Ben Horowitz: A Good Place to Work
Benefits matter, or why I won't work for your Y Combinator startup
Berkshire Hathaway Shareholder Letters 2010 [pdf]
Bertrand Russell: In Praise of Idleness (1932)
Best Open Python Books
Best Papers in Computer Science up to 2011
Best Practices Exist For A Reason
Best algorithms book I ever read
Best app store review ever
Best development book I've read, has no code in it
Best of Vim Tips
Best reply to a Pull Request ever?
Beta Late Than Never (Steam Linux Beta)
Betaworks has acquired the core assets of Digg
Better Rails errors
Betteridge's Law of Headlines
Betty Weissman (mother of edw519) 1930-2011
Between a rock and a hard place – our decision to abandon the Mac App Store
Beyond Helium
Bezier Curves and Picasso
Bfxr. Make sound effects for your games.
Big Breakthroughs Come in Your Late 30s
Big Data University: Free Database And Hadoop Courses
Big Data's Big Problem: Little Talent
Big News From Mars? Rover Scientists Mum For Now
Big changes to Erlang
Big-O Algorithm Complexity Cheat Sheet
Big-O notation explained by a self-taught programmer
Biggest Virus Yet Found, May Be Fourth Domain of Life?
Bill Gates Gives Away More Money Than The Entire US Foreign Aid Budget
Bill Gates Says There Is Something Perverse In College Ratings
Bill Gates loses to Magnus Carlsen in 9 moves
Bill Gates on Steve Jobs
Bill Gates takes part in Reddit's Secret Santa
Bill Gates: AMA on Reddit
Bill Gates: Books I Read this Summer
Bill Gates: Good News You Might Have Missed in 2013
Bill Gates: My Plan to Fix The World's Biggest Problems
Bill Gates: My Plan to Improve Our World, and How You Can Help
Bill Joy's greatest gift to man – the vi editor
Bill Nguyen: The Boy In The Bubble
Bill before Icelandic Parliament to grant Edward Snowden citizenship
Bill would force patent trolls to pay defendants' legal bills
Billion laughs
Bills seek end to farm animal abuse videos
Bing doesn't support SSL
Bing search results showing up in Google
Bing sets the record straight on recent accusations
Bing shows results that MS asked Google to take down
Bingo Card Creator (and other stuff) Year in Review 2012
Bingo Card Creator (etc) Year In Review 2011
BioCurious, a hackerspace for bio now open to public
Birth and Death of Microsoft Bing
BitMate - BitTorrent For The Less Privileged
BitMessage - Bitcoin Inspired Peer to Peer Encrypted Messaging
BitTorrent Chat - Private instant messaging via secure, distributed technology
BitTorrent Live: Cheap, Real-Time P2P Video Streaming That Will Kill TV
BitTorrent’s Secure Dropbox Alternative Goes Public
Bitbucket now rocks Git
Bitbucket passes one million users
Bitcoin
Bitcoin Exchanges Under ‘Massive and Concerted Attack’
Bitcoin Foundation Receives Cease And Desist Order From California
Bitcoin Hits $1 Billion
Bitcoin Reaches 1000 USD
Bitcoin and positive vs. normative economics
Bitcoin app rejected by Apple
Bitcoin blockchain issue - Mt Gox Bitcoin deposits temporarily suspended
Bitcoin exchange account of Coinpal shut down by Paypal
Bitcoin exchange hacked via Rails exploit, funds stolen
Bitcoin exchange rate reached $100 USD per BTC
Bitcoin falls from $266
Bitcoin hits US$ 4, after being mentioned on CNN yesterday
Bitcoin ruled illegal in Thailand
Bitcoin value falls from above $33 to below $3
Bitcoin-Central.net is now licensed to operate as a bank in Europe
Bitcoins can now be used to pay for Domino’s Pizza
Bitcoins the hard way: Using the raw Bitcoin protocol
Bitcoins: The Second Biggest Ponzi Scheme in History
Bitcrypt broken
Bitey: Import LLVM bitcode directly into Python
Bitrot and atomic COWs: Inside “next-gen” filesystems
Bitterness, Anger And Betrayal At MySpace
Bittersweet news from Groklaw: mission accomplished, signing off
Bizarre Shadowy Paper-Based Payment System Being Rolled Out Worldwide
Bjarne Stroustrup on Dennis Ritchie: They said it couldn't be done, & he did it
Black Perl
Black Start
Black Swan Farming
Black Widow
Black and Whitey: How the feds disable criminal defense
Black ops: how HBGary wrote backdoors for the government
Blackmail fail
Blackphone
Blank screen if kids yell too much
Blessings: a pythonic answer to curses
Blind man shocks researchers with what he sees.
Blink: A rendering engine for the Chromium project
Blizzard Lays Off 600, Including About 60 Developers
Blizzard is secretly watermarking WOW screenshots
Block NSA funding for collecting the call records of all Americans
Blocked Sites is discontinued
Blowing the Whistle on the Mortgage Bubble
Blunt and necessary review of programming language books.
Body Hacking: Thoughts Regarding My Magnet Implant
Boeing #12
Bogus story: no Chinese backdoor in military chip
Boing Boing will go dark on Jan 18 to fight SOPA
Bokeh – Interactive web visualization library in Python
Bolivia to file UN complaint over airspace blockade
Bomberman massively multiplayer in HTML5
Bonsai.js: A New Graphics and Animation Library
Books For Learning to Design, The Hard Way
Books Programmers Don't Really Read But Recommend
Books every self-taught computer scientist should read
Books of a Highly Effective Programmer (2009)
Boosted Boards (YC S12) Unveils Its Magical Electric Skateboard
Boot a linux kernel right inside your browser.
BootMetro: Metro style web framework
Bootable Minecraft clone written partly in x86 Assembly
Bootflat: Open Source Flat UI Kit based on Twitter Bootstrap 3
Booting to Rust
Bootstrap 2.0, From Twitter
Bootstrap 2.1 released
Bootstrap 2.2.0 released
Bootstrap 2.3 Released
Bootstrap 3 RC1
Bootstrap 3 preview
Bootstrap 3 released
Bootstrap 3.0 Upcoming changes
Bootstrap 3.1 released
Bootstrap Maintainers Leave Twitter
Bootstrap Toggle Buttons
Bootstrap for Facebook apps
Bootstrap-wysihtml5: a simple, beautiful wysiwyg editor
Bootstrapped startup saves over $100K by dropping IE
Bootstrapped, Profitable, & Proud: Braintree
Bootstrapping a $30k profit/month company from our internship earnings (Part 3)
Bootstrapping a $30k profit/month company from our internship earnings (Part 4)
Bootstrapping a Software Product
Bored People Quit
Born of Reddit, Imgur now dwarfs the ‘front page of the Internet’
Bose founder makes big stock donation to MIT
Bose founder, Amar Bose, has died at 83
Boston Dynamics Unleashes Wildcat, the Sprinting Quadruped Robot
Bot written to buy random things each month from Amazon
Bother Me, I'm Thinking
Bottle: Single-File Python Web Framework
Boxopus lets you download torrents to Dropbox anonymously + w/o a Torrent client
Brackets, a code editor
Brackets: The Open Source Code Editor for the Web
Bradley Manning case stretches credibility of US computer fraud law
Bradley Manning's Post-Sentencing Statement
Bradley Manning’s Statement
Braid, Super Meat Boy, and Lone Survivor Added to Humble Indie Bundle V
Brains of the Animal Kingdom: Research shows we've underestimated
Bram Moolenaar responds to Neovim
Brazil, Europe plan undersea cable to skirt U.S. spying
Break Google
BreakDOM
Breaking Madden: The Super Bowl, in which the machine bleeds to death
Breaking News is broken
Breaking a MacBook in memory of Steve Jobs
Breaking down Amazon's mega dropdown
Breaking the web with hash-bangs
Breakup Notifier Shut Down By Facebook
Brendan Eich becomes Mozilla CEO
Bret Victor: Learnable Programming
Brian Harvey: Why SICP matters
Brick Nintendo before they brick you
Brick – UI Components for Modern Web Apps
Brick. Webfonts that look good
Bridge is a new RPC framework for building modular services
Bright Explosion on the Moon
Brilliant or insane code?
Brilliant use of CSS drop shadows
Bring Back the 40-hour work week (March 2012)
Bring a stick man to life.
Bringing Craigslist Back
Brisbane floods: before and after
British Library has released over a million images onto Flickr Commons
British aerospace company claims biggest engine advance since the jet
British hackers: stop voting for lizards; start voting for people TODAY
British student may be extradited to US on copyright charges
Bro pages: like man pages, but with examples only
Broken Links
Browser Market Pollution: IE[x] is the new IE6
Browser Wars, the game
Browserver: a node.js HTTP server, in your browser
Brubeck: A new Python web framework running on mongrel2
Bruce Schneier has changed his PGP key to 4096 bits
Bruce Schneier joins EFF Board of Directors
Bruce Schneier: Drawing the wrong lessons from horrific events
Bruce Schneier: Has U.S. started an Internet war?
Brutal New York - 1965/95
Brython - Python to Javascript translator
Brython, Python in the browser
Bsnes has emulated every SNES DSP
Bug 647959 – Add Honest Achmed's root certificate
Bug 698544 – Background configuration is missing in terminal profile editor
Bug Prediction at Google
Bugger
Build Doom3 on MacOSX with XCode4
Build Git – Learn Git
Build Your Own Home Automation w/ Pusher, Twilio, and Arduino
Build a Business, Not an Exit Strategy
Build a house for less than $5000
Build groundbreaking technology at MemSQL (YC W11)
Build muscle memory with your favorite editor
Build your own Google TV using Raspberry Pi, Node.js and Socket.io
Build your own operating system
Build your own private, encrypted, open-source Dropbox clone
Building Firefox OS
Building Photoshop 1.0
Building Your First Profitable Startup
Building a Crystal Clear Whiteboard
Building a Modern Computer from First Principles
Building a Product: One month later, $119.50 in the bank
Building a Startup: 12 Priceless Tools for Launching Your MVP
Building a Web Application that makes $500 a Month – Part I
Building a Web Application that makes $500 a Month – Part II
Building an Open Source Laptop
Building an open source Nest
Building high-level features using large scale unsupervised learning
Building my Own Laptop
Building the worst Linux PC ever: 6 hours to boot Ubuntu
Building websites in Python with Flask
Buildy, a real-time HTML5 building game - come build in our biggest world yet
Bullet-proof Node.js coding
Bulletproof demos using Chrome's playback mode
Bullshit
Bump (YC S09) has been acquired by Google
Bump (YC S09): Come To Our Magic Show!
Bunny.py: A WiFi darknet that hides its traffic in the noise of 802.11
Bup: Efficient file backup system based on the git packfile format
Burglars Who Took on F.B.I. Abandon Shadows
Burned by Twitter, Developers Launch Distributed Microblogging Service
Burner Phone
Burnout
Burnout - How it happened to me
Business Ideas for 2014
Business Models That Rocked 2010
Business in a Box
Businessweek Magazine's Classy Tribute to Steve Jobs
Butterfly: Your everyday terminal in your web browser
Buttons that morph out of the surface of the device.
Buttons with built-in loading indicators
Buying Adobe Photoshop CS6
Buying VMWare Fusion: A lesson in how to drive customers away
Buying the new MacBook Air
By The Time You Give Them a Raise, They’re Already Out The Door
Bye Bye Craigslist
Byron Sonne’s G20 security focus cost him dearly
Bzr is dying; Emacs needs to move
C Craft: C is the desert island language.
C vs GO
C++ 11 Approved
C++ at Google: Here Be Dragons
C++ containers that save memory and time
C++ in Coders at Work
C++11 and Boost - Succinct like Python
C--
C.S. Lewis on Writing
CAPTCHAs decrease conversion rates
CDN vs S3
CEO of Svpply: I have no idea what I'm doing
CERN experiments observe particle consistent with long-sought Higgs boson
CERN press release regarding neutrino experiment
CES2011: The end of the PC era
CIA Agents Were Embedded With NYPD And Had “No Limits”
CIA.gov Possibly Down, LulzSec Claims Responsibility
CISPA 'dead' in Senate, privacy concerns cited
CISPA Passes in the House - Full Roll Call
CMS Trap
CNET Injecting Malware into Downloads
CNN Sending Eight Times More Staff to Royal Wedding Than to Japan
CNN covers SOPA on homepage
CNet's Download.com now bundling Nmap with malware
CPU reliability – Linus Torvalds (2007)
CSS 3D Clouds
CSS Absolute Centering
CSS Architecture
CSS Diner
CSS Hat translates Photoshop layer styles to CSS3
CSS Lint
CSS Lint is harmful
CSS Variables in Firefox Nightly
CSS Zen Garden is 10 Years Old Today
CSS Zen Garden relaunched
CSS animated loading indicators
CSS arrow please
CSS background image hacks
CSS builder for shadows, backgrounds, and borders
CSS3 Isometric text
CSS3 Scroll Effects
CSS3 meets AMC's Breaking Bad
CUDA grep
Cable lacing on the Curiosity rover
Cached OkCupid Article: Why You Should Never Pay For Online Dating
Caching the uncacheable: CloudFlare's Railgun
Calculus Revisited - a complete self-study calculus course from MIT OCW
Calibre version 1.0 released
California Police Arrest Man for Video Recording, then Kill his Dog
California State Senator Proposes Funding Open-Source Textbooks
California To Hit Startup Founders with Big Retroactive Tax Bills
California passes groundbreaking open textbook legislation
California police use of body cameras cuts violence and complaints (2013)
Californians: Ashamed of Senator Feinstein's lies on surveillance? Join Us
Call Someone Who Cares
Call me maybe: Cassandra
Call yourself a 'brogrammer'? Then get the hell away from me.
Callbacks are imperative, promises are functional
Callbacks as our Generation's Goto Statement
Calling Bullshit on Unpaid Interships
Calling the NSA: "I accidentally deleted an e-mail, can you help me recover it?"
Calories, fat or carbohydrates? Why diets work (when they do)
Caltech Announces Open Access Policy
Camera+ turned down acquisition offers and says no to VC money
Cameron's Internet filter goes far beyond porn - and that was always the plan
Camino browser reaches its end
Campaign for a new HTTP Error code: 451 - Blocked for legal reasons
CampusCred Seeking First Hire Engineer to Change the College Marketplace
Can Snowden be targeted using the Adobe breach?
Can We Kill This Myth That The Internet Is A Wild West That Needs To Be Tamed?
Can We Stop Drawing Trees on Top of Skyscrapers?
Can a complete novice become a golf pro with 10,000 hours of practice?
Can anyone tell me what these services do?
Can guys in coffeeshops compete with celebrity entrepreneurs?
Can we believe our eyes? Misleading people with Unicode.
Can we kill the music business too?
Can we skip the lame April Fool's submissions?
Can websites personally identify visitors?
Can you build beautiful sites with Twitter Bootstrap? Hell yes
Can-Do vs. Can’t-Do Culture
Canada Is About To Pass Sopa’s Evil Little Brother. Politely
Canada ditches the penny
Canada's Start-up Visa
Canada's top court has overturned all restrictions on prostitution
Canada’s vanishing tech sector
Canadian Digs Out Basement Using Only Radio Controlled Scale Tractors and Trucks
Canadian researcher traces AIDS to single bush hunter from 1921
Canadian scientists create a functioning, virtual brain
Canadians Just Became World's Biggest Internet Losers.
Cancer Vaccine, tailor-made for each patient, advances to Stage 1 clinical trial
Cancer and Startups
CandySwipe Open Letter to King regarding trademark
Canonical announces Ubuntu for smartphones
Canonical will no longer fund Kubuntu
Can’t monetize free users? Try threatening them with legal action
Cappuccino 0.9
Captchas Are Becoming Ridiculous
Captchas To Keep Idiots Out Of Comment Threads
Cards Against Humanity has made more than $12 million
Cards Against Humanity: Results of "pay what you want"
Career Day - A parent introduces programming at her son's school
Cargo Cults and Interview Questions
Carmack on why transatlantic ping is faster than pushing a pixel to the screen
Carmack: Doom 3's engine ready for open-sourcing, awaiting 'OK' from legal
Carmack: Parallel Implementations
Carmen Ortiz Strikes Out
Carnegie Mellon CS Professor challenges Sony by mirroring Geohot's PS3 hacks
Carnegie Mellon creates fund to invest in its recent graduates
Carnegie Mellon face recognition study has unsettling results
Carol Bartz Out at Yahoo; CFO Interim CEO
Carrier IQ references discovered in Apple's iOS
Cars kill cities
Cello: Higher level programming in C
Cellular Automaton Music Generator
CentOS Project joins forces with Red Hat
Center of the universe
Chain World: a game that exists on a unique USB flash drive
Changes in rankings of smartphone search results
Changes to my life as a result of just four weeks of daily meditation
Changes to the Blog
Changing times for web developers
Chaos Computer Club breaks Apple TouchID
Chaos Computer Club files criminal complaint against the German Government
Chaos Monkey released into the wild
Charles Carreon Drops Bogus Lawsuit Against The Oatmeal Creator
Charlie Stross on Girls Around Me
Charlie Stross: Reasons to be Cheerful
Chart of YC companies' hosting decisions, 2010 edition
Chart.io hiring engineer to disrupt enterprise analytics.
Chart.js - open source HTML5 charting library
Chart.js is back online
Cheaper to rent in Barcelona and commute to London
Check you're wearing trousers first
Checkboxes that kill your product
Checkout github pull requests locally
Cheezburger Dumping GoDaddy over SOPA
Chess CAPTCHA
Chesscademy, a free chess learning site
Chicago makes Computer Science a core subject
Children are suffering a severe deficit of play
Children aren't born smart. They're made smart by conversation
Chilling legal memo from Obama DOJ justifies assassination of US citizens
China Blocks Web Access to The New York Times After Article
China airs documentary proving military university is hacking U.S. targets
China lands Jade Rabbit robot rover on Moon
China listening in on Skype - Microsoft assumes you approve
China prepares to grow vegetables on Mars
China publishes a human rights record of the USA
China to cancel college majors that don't pay
China: High GDP, 64 million empty apartments.
Chinese DIY Inventions
Chinese Hackers Infiltrate New York Times Computers
Chinese Infinite Magical Hard-Drive
Chinese company uses leaked photos to copy, patent iPhone 5 design
Chinese firm Huawei controls net filter praised by PM
Chinese government blocks Google.com, Gmail, Google+, Maps, Docs and more
Chinese students and families fight for the right to cheat their exams
Choc: Bret Victor's 'Learnable Programming' implemented in Javascript
Chomsky on Intellectual Property
Choosing Hong Kong Is a Brilliant Move by Edward Snowden
Choosing Minecraft over Disney
Chosen: A javascript plug-in that makes long select boxes user-friendly.
Chris Dixon Joins Andreessen Horowitz
Chris Espinosa: Fire
Christ, I hate Blackboard
Christmas tree made out of form elements (webkit)
Christopher Monsanto gives up trying to delete PL articles
Chrome DevTools could do that?
Chrome Developer Tools: Back to Basics
Chrome Engineer: Firefox Is A Partner, Not A Competitor
Chrome Inspector Detector
Chrome Is The New C Runtime
Chrome Overtakes Firefox Globally for First Time
Chrome Privacy
Chrome Release Cycle
Chrome Remote Desktop extension by Google
Chrome World Wide Maze
Chrome at 20% market share, IE9 less than IE7
Chrome connects to three random domains at startup
Chrome dev on WebGL security and Microsoft bullshit
Chrome for iOS
Chrome gets date and time pickers
Chrome has transcended version numbers
Chrome now the most popular browser
Chrome redirecting to blank.html on search
Chromebook
Chromebox
Chromebox, now for simpler and better meetings
Chromecast now open to developers with the Google Cast SDK
Chromium Blog: A Tale Of Two Pwnies (Part 2)
Chromium Blog: More about the Chrome HTML Video Codec Change
Chuck Moore's Creations
CipherCloud used DMCA Takedown on StackExchange discussion of their cryptography
Circumventing the No-Fly list in thirty seconds
Cisco Acquires Enterprise Wi-Fi Startup Meraki For $1.2 Billion In Cash
Cisco to release BSD-licensed H.264 stack
Cities and Ambition (2008)
City of Ruins
Civ II game a decade old
Civet coffee: why it's time to cut the crap
Civil Disobedience
Civil Liberties Groups Are Suing the NSA
Civil Liberties Groups Speak Out Against CISPA in Lead Up to Hearings
Civil Liberties Groups and Internet Companies Demand an End to NSA Spying
Civilized Discourse Construction Kit
Clang is now feature complete for C++14
Classic maths books reset with LaTeX on Project Gutenberg
Clayton Christensen: How MBA-driven Profit focus is Killing the U.S. Economy
Clean Up Your Mess - A Guide to Visual Design for Everybody
Clear Sans
Clearing up some things about LinkedIn mobile’s move from Rails to node.js
Clever Algorithms: Nature-Inspired Programming Recipes
Clever algorithms in Ruby
Client asks for 100% uptime
Client-side full text search in CSS
Clippy.JS - Add Clippy and friends to any website
Clojure & Python, Side by Side
Clojure 1.5
Clojure 1.6 released
Clojure core.async Channels
Clojure from the ground up
Clojure on Heroku
Clojure: All grown up
Clojure: The JFDI language
ClojureC, a compiler for Clojure that targets C as a backend
ClojureScript
ClojureScript Koans: Learn ClojureScript from inside your browser
ClojureScript One
Close Tab Behaviour in Google Chrome
Cloudant (YC S08) is looking for a Lead Front-End Engineer
Cmd.fm
Cmder: portable console emulator for windows
Co-Founder Wanted - Mobile Commerce YC Startup with Paying Customers
Co-Founder of Youtube makes his first comment in 8 years
Cobra effect
Coca Cola's secret recipe revealed?
Cocktails for programmers
Coda 2
Code != computer science
Code Firefox
Code Like a Pythonista: Idiomatic Python
Code Quarterly's Interview with Rich Hickey
Code Reads
Code School now open to the public
Code is not Literature
Code.Google.com now supports git
Code.org – Dedicated to growing computer programming education
CodeCombat in Y Combinator
Codebreaker found in bag attended US security conference before death (2012)
Codecademy Surges To 200,000 Users, 2.1 Million Lessons Completed In 72 Hours
Codecademy introduces API lessons with YouTube, SoundCloud, Parse, and more
Codecademy now has Python lessons
Codename: Obtvse
Codename: Svbtle by Dustin Curtis
Codeq
Codified startup advice
Codify: native coding environment for iPad
Coding Cloud Heroku May Face Lawsuit Over Bait-and-Switch Claims
Coding Horror - Welcome to the Post PC Era
Coding Horror: I Was a Teenage Hacker
Coding Horror: Performance is a Feature
Coding Horror: Separating Programming Sheep from Non-Programming Goats
Coding Horror: The PHP Singularity
Coding Interview Tips
Coding Skill and the Decline of Stagnation
Coding tricks I learnt at Apple
Coding tricks of game developers
Coding, Fast and Slow: Developers and the Psychology of Overconfidence
CoffeeScript 1.6.0 released with support for source maps
CoffeeScript is not a language worth learning
CoffeeScript: The beautiful way to write JavaScript
CoffeeScript: less typing, bad readability
Cognitive Overhead, Or Why Your Product Isn’t As Simple As You Think
Cogs bad
Coin
Coin: A step in the wrong direction
Coinbase (YC S12) seeks to bring Bitcoin to the masses
Colbert tribute to Steve Jobs
Collect HN: Aprils Fools
Collection of documents that startups commonly need: Privacy Policy, NDA, etc...
Collection of the best fonts for programming
College has been oversold
Colleges and Employers Demanding Facebook Passwords
Color Thief, script for grabbing the color palette from an image
Color schemes for Sublime Text 2 and Textmate
Color wheels are wrong? How color vision actually works
Colorado measure legalizing marijuana passes
Colors.xxx: people. colors. apps. mobile. social. pivot
Colourlovers (YC W10) is hiring - build creative services, play with color
Combine your Wi-Fi, Ethernet and 3G connections to increase your download speed
Comcast Acquiring Time Warner Cable In All Stock Deal Worth $45.2 Billion
Comcast cuts off customer for going over 250GB of legitimate use
Comcast injecting JS
Comcast is donating to defeat mayor who is bringing gigabit fiber to Seattle
Comcast’s deal with Netflix makes network neutrality obsolete
Come and help save Posterous from oblivion
Come hack the auto industry at CarWoo! (YCS09)
Come here and work on hard problems – except the ones on our doorstep
Coming Home to Vim
Coming Soon to Hacker News: Pending Comments
Coming soon: Stripe CTF3, distributed systems edition
Coming soon: make your phone your wallet
Command & Conquer in HTML5 with multiplayer
Command and Conquer – Programming an RTS game in HTML5 and Javascript
Command line tools every web dev needs to know
Command line tools for web developers
Command-line tools for data science
Commercial freedom
Commit that changed my life
Communicating Sequential Processes
Companies that make money by distributing misleading versions of VLC
Company backed by James Cameron & Google founders may mine asteroids
Company was hosting cardiac patient monitoring on EC2
Company withdrawing from Facebook as analytics show 80% of ad clicks from bots
Comparing PHP, Perl, Python and Ruby
Complaint-Driven Development
Complete, stand alone Stanford machine learning course notes
Comprehend Systems (YC W11) hiring frontend and backend engineers
Compromised Linode, thousands of BitCoins stolen
Computer Science in Vietnam
Computer virus hits US Predator and Reaper drone fleet
Concurrency is not Parallelism (it's better) - A talk by Rob Pike
Confession of a Haskell Hacker
Confessions of A Job Destroyer
Confessions of a car salesman
Confessions of a recovering lifehacker
Confessions of an Intermediate Programmer
Confessions of an ex-TSA agent
Confident Code
Configuring Sublime Text 2
Confirmed: Samsung is not shipping keyloggers
Confirmed: The NSA is Spying on Millions of Americans
Confused by lawsuit, Apple consumers switch to Samsung
Confusing UI in iOS7
Congratulations on IE10: from Mozilla with cake
Congress Bans Some Scientific Collaboration with China, Citing Espionage Risk
Congress Is Quietly Abandoning the 5th Amendment
Congress Must Act After US Government Admits To Warrantless Wiretapping
Congress, at Last Minute, Drops Requirement to Obtain Warrant to Monitor Email
Congress: Trading stock on inside information?
Congressman blacksout official .gov website
Congressman requests subpoena of NSA’s White House, IRS phone logs
Connecting an iPad retina LCD to a PC
Consistent Hashing
Console.fm - New social music site
Console.log with style
Consumer Reports Calls Tesla Model S The Best Car Of 2014
Consumer key/secret for official Twitter clients
Continuous Deployment
Convergence: complete HTML5 game
Convore (YC W11) Wants To Be The Easiest Group Communication App Yet
Conway's Game of Life Extrusion
Conway's Game of Life, using floating point values instead of integers
Cook something or get out of the kitchen
Cookie Bomb or Let's Break the Internet
Cookiejacking: 0-day exploit of all Internet Explorer versions
Cookieless cookies
Cool URIs don't change.
Cool hack to take a photo of yourself on every commit
Cool notification messages with CSS3 & Jquery
Cool, but obscure Unix tools
CopBlock.org Founder Faces 21 Years in Prison for Reporting Police Brutality
Copenhagen Suborbitals open-source private spacerocket will launch in an hour
Copy-on-write B-tree finally beaten.
Copyfight: EFF co-founder enters e-G8 "lion's den," rips into lions
Copyright King: Why the "I Have a Dream" Speech Still Isn't Free
Cornell Ergonomics Web finds standing desks present their own issues
Cornell Will Reveal Secret Academic Journal Pricing
Corner Office: Dennis Crowley
Cory Doctorow: RIP, Aaron Swartz
Cosmo: A free Metro-inspired theme for Bootstrap
Cosmonaut Crashed Into Earth 'Crying In Rage' [in 1967]
Cost of the Uniloc Lawsuit
Could HN stop participating in the witchhunt?
Could It Be? Spooky Experiments That 'See' The Future
Could You Modify It ‘To Stop Students From Becoming This Advanced?’
Could the eagles have flown Frodo into Mordor? (2000)
Coursera blocks access to students in Cuba, Iran, Sudan and Syria
Court Rules No Suspicion Needed for Laptop Searches at Border
Court found NSA surveillance unconstitutional in 2011
Court rules Linux kernel infringes on patents. Lawsuit avalanche to follow.
Court: Google infringed patents, must pay 1.36 percent of AdWords revenue
Courtney Love does the math (2000)
Cowards
Cracking OSX Lion passwords
Cracking Siri
Cracking WPA in 10 hours or less
Cracking the Scratch Lottery Code
Craig Silverstein, Google Employee #1, Leaving for Khan Academy
Craigslist Suing Padmapper
Craigslist has been disrupted
Craigslist now asks for exclusive license when posting
Craigslist, LinkedIn, Netflix, and others don't owe us anything.
Cranking
Crash Course: Design for Startups
Crawl Bank Accounts with the Ghost of Wesabe
Create - A new kind of web editing interface
Create a Robot Image from any text string
Create diagrams in the browser
Create web apps in JavaScript right from your browser
Creating Shazam in Java
Creating a Radial Menu in CSS
Creative usernames and Spotify account hijacking
Creator Of The X-Plane Flight Simulator Seeks Help Fighting A Patent Troll
Creator of "Dirty Jobs" Mike Rowe testifies to Congress
Creator of xkcd Reveals Secret Backstory of His Epic 3,990-Panel Comic
Creepy Spying System Revealed by Wikileaks, Which Then Gets Hit by DDOS Attack
Criminal Complaint against Ross Ulbricht aka "Dread Pirate Roberts" [pdf]
Cringley: Japan may have just permanently lost 20% of its electricity supply
Critical crypto bug leaves Linux, hundreds of apps open to eavesdropping
Crockford on Bootstrap's semicolon omission: “insanely stupid code”
CrossFit's Dirty Little Secret
Crossbar Resistive RAM stores a terabyte on a chip
Crowdfunding for Typed Clojure and ClojureScript
CryEngine 3 soft-body physics simulator
Cryptic Crossword: Amateur Crypto and Reverse Engineering
Crypto 101
Crypto breakthrough shows Flame was designed by world-class scientists
CryptoSeal (YC S11) Shutting Down Private VPN
Csg.js: Constructive Solid Geometry, with rotatable 3D models
Csscss: a CSS redundancy analyzer that analyzes redundancy
Ctrl-P for Vim: Pure Vimscript Command-T
Cuban missile crisis: The other, secret one
Cube: 3D home printer starts shipping in days
Cubism.js: time series visualization
Cunningham's Law
Curiosity images strange metallic-looking object on Mars
Curiosity rover: Martian solar day 2
Curse Of The Gifted (2000)
Cursor:none abuse (trick users into clicking Facebook 'like')
Custom UI Database for iOS
Customize Twitter Bootstrap To Not Look Bootstrap-y
Custora (YC W11) Helps Online Businesses Improve Customer Retention
Cwora - taking the piss out of Quora
Cyanogen raises $7 million to build a better version of Android
CyanogenMod Installer Application Removed from Play Store
CyanogenMod Needs Your Help
CyanogenMod.com hijacked. Transition to CyanogenMod.org
Cyberscare: Ex-NSA chief calls transparency groups, hackers next terrorists
Cypherpunks 2.0
Cω
D-Wave: Truth finally starts to emerge
D3, Conceptually - Lesson 1
DARPA challange: Can you program a radio to dominate the spectrum?
DARPA gives $3M to Continuum Analytics to improve Python for big data
DC "Uber Amendment" would force sedans to charge 5x more than taxis
DC Taxi Commission Proposes New Rules to Shut Down Uber
DEA redacts tactic that's more secret than parallel construction
DEC64: Decimal Floating Point
DEF CON 19 - hackers get hacked
DEF CON: The event that scares hackers
DHS asks Mozilla to take down MafiaaFire add-on
DHS stalls no-fly list trial by putting witness on no-fly list
DIY Weapons of the Libyan Rebels
DIY quest for a 6 watt high-end desktop computer
DNA seen through the eyes of a coder
DNS tools for developers
DOJ Admits Aaron's Prosecution Was Political
DOJ lied to Supreme Court to avoid judicial review of warrantless surveillance
DOJ: We can force you to decrypt that laptop
DRM in the cinema
DRM-Free Day, forever.
Dad gets OfficeMax mail addressed 'Daughter Killed in Car Crash'
Dad hacks Donkey Kong for his daughter; Pauline now saves Mario
Dalai Lama hangs out on Google+ after visa is denied
Dalton Caldwell: Announcing an audacious proposal
Dalton Caldwell: We Did It
Damn Cool Algorithms, Part 1: BK-Trees
Damn Cool Algorithms: Cardinality Estimation
Damn Cool Algorithms: Fountain Codes
Damn Cool Algorithms: Homomorphic Hashing
Dan Benjamin: Regarding The Talk Show
Dan Weinreb passed away
Dance in a Year
Dangling by a Trivial Feature
Danish Police Censor Google, Facebook and 8,000 Other Sites by Accident
Daring Fireball: Universe Dented, Grass Underfoot
Dark Patterns - User Interfaces Designed to Trick People
Dark Sky - Weather Prediction, Reinvented
Dark spot under cockpit of A-10s
Dart language
Dashing - A dashboard framework
Data Mining 3.4 billion Web pages for $100 of EC2
Data Mining Exec Pays For Burgers In Cash To Avoid Insurance Company Snooping
Data Mining and Analysis: Fundamental Concepts and Algorithms [pdf]
Data Structure Visualizations
Data journalism busts speeding cops, wins Pulitzer
Data looks better naked
Data.gov & 7 Other Sites to Shut Down After Budgets Cut
Dataset: Databases for lazy people
Dating Denial of Service attack
Dave Brubeck, Who Helped Put Jazz Back in Vogue, Dies at 91
Dave The Incredible Mindreader – How Does He Do It?
Dave Winer on Why You Should Log Out of Facebook
Dave Winer: An open Twitter-like ecosystem
Dave Winer: Why I stand up for Stallman
David Cameron cracks down on online pornography
David Cameron's Internet porn filter is the start of censorship creep
David E. Chen: Discovering the Heroku Vulnerability
David Kadavy's "Design for Hackers" now on Amazon
David Simon: 'There are now two Americas. My country is a horror show'
Dawn of Autonomous Corporations, Powered by Bitcoin
Day 180: Finished
Day Against DRM
Days since last known Java 0-day exploit
De La Soul to Make Entire Catalog Available for Free
Dead Man's Switch
Dealing with Timezones in Python
Dear "Landlord"
Dear AirBNB, No thank you for the XXX Freak Fest
Dear American Consumers: Please don’t start eating healthfully
Dear Apple, let's talk about photos
Dear Apple: Please set iMessage free
Dear Boss: For a programmer, 10 minutes = 3 hours
Dear Congress, It's No Longer OK To Not Know How The Internet Works
Dear Dr. Stallman: An Open Letter
Dear Facebook: You Suck
Dear Github, please fix the Watch-Button
Dear Google, I Have More Than 10,000 Contacts
Dear Google: Stop asking
Dear Google: please let me ban sites from results
Dear Googles: G+/YouTube Anschluss – you've done outed me
Dear HN "Who's Hiring" responders
Dear ICO, Sue Us
Dear Internet: It's no Longer OK Not to Know How Congress Works
Dear Internet: Take the reset buttons off your damn forms
Dear John Carmack.
Dear MG Siegler, Are you seriously upset about your photo?
Dear Marissa Mayer...please make Flickr awesome again
Dear Mark Zuckerberg
Dear Microsoft: fsf.org is not a "gambling site"
Dear Mozilla: Fix Your Damn Browser
Dear NSA, let me take care of your slides.
Dear Open Source Project Leader: Quit Being A Jerk
Dear Prime Minister Cameron
Dear Programmer, I have an idea
Dear Spike Lee
Dear StackExchange: Thank You
Dear Startups: stop asking me math puzzles to figure out if I can code
Dear Twitter
Dear USA, my data has left your building
Dear Y Combinator, we bet you we can solve a problem of yours in 72 hours.
Dear YC companies, I responded. You could do the same.
Dear brilliant students: Please consider not doing a PhD.
Dear business people, an iOS app actually takes a lot of work
Dear first world dev, I am going to live your nightmare
Dear procrastinator
Death Note: L, Anonymity & Eluding Entropy
Death in Singapore
Death sentence for Iranian web programmer
Death to .DS_Store
Death to the 'noreply' mailbox
Deaths per unit of energy for various sources
Debian 6.0 “Squeeze” released
Debian 7.0 "Wheezy" released
Debian Now Defaults To Xfce Desktop
Debian committee members vote for systemd as init system
Debian, FreeBSD and CentOS now supported by EC2
Debian: Change default desktop to xfce
Debuggex: A visual regex debugger
Debugging a Live Saturn V
Debunking Princeton
Decades later, a Cold War secret revealed
December 29th is Dump GoDaddy Day
Deciphering the Business Card Raytracer
Deck.js: A JavaScript library for building modern HTML presentations.
Declassified Bunker of the USSR
Declassified Documents Prove NSA Is Tapping the Internet
Decline of ‘60 Minutes’ Continues With This Week’s NSA Whitewash
Decoding Vibrations From Nearby Keyboards With Mobile Phone Accelerometers [pdf]
Deconstructing K&R C (2010)
DecryptoCat
Deep C
Deep C and C++ (2011)
Deep Inside: A Study of 10,000 Pornstars and Their Careers
Defeated
Defending Privacy at the U.S. Border: A Guide for Travelers Digital Devices
Defining Property
Deft -- easy note taking for Emacs
Defund the NSA - This Isn't Over
Delegate or die: the self-employed trap
Deleted my portfolio, made $30k in my first six months
Deleting my Google+ profile
Dell Announces A Linux Laptop Designed For Developers
Dell Ultra Sharp 24" 4K display
Dell Wasn't Joking About That 28-Inch Sub-$1000 4K Monitor; It's Only $699
Dell introduces 28" 4K Ultra HD Monitor for under $1K, shipping early 2014
Dell releases powerful, well-supported Linux Ultrabook
Dell/Alienware release Ubuntu gaming desktop
Demands on Lavabit violated Fourth Amendment, lawyers say
Demonstrating responsive design to clients.
Demonstrations to protest NSA spying planned for July 4th
Denial of Service Attacks
Dennis Ritchie
Dennis Ritchie's first C compiler on Github
Dennis Ritchie: The Shoulders Steve Jobs Stood On
Density.io
Depixelizing Pixel Art
Depression Part Two
Depression lies
Depression, Burn Out and Writing Code
Der Spiegel says US bugged EU offices in Washington
Descriptive Camera: A camera that prints a description, not an image
Design Books Every Hacker Should Read
Design Tip: Never Use Black
Design Tricks Facebook Uses To Affect Your Privacy Decisions
Design for Developers
Design is Horseshit
Design patterns explained in Javascript
Designers, how do we get you guys to contribute to open source projects?
Designing GitHub for Mac
Designing GitHub for Windows
Designing a Pragmatic RESTful API
Designing better user interfaces
Designing command-line interfaces
Designing your sign up page? Read this.
Desingineer – the mythical person every startup is looking for
Desktop App for All Your Email
Destined To Fail
Detaining my partner: a failed attempt at intimidation
Detroit DIYer cooks up stronger, lighter steel, shames scientists
Detroit in Ruins
Dev-Team to Steve Jobs
DevDocs
Developer CEO vs Sales Guy CEO
Developer Income Report #16
Developer and Power Users Tool List for Windows
Developer open-sources 200+ hr project after client refuses to pay
Developers are the autoworkers of our generation
Developing Backbone.js Applications
Development and testing of the Stuxnet worm
Devops/Sysadmin Cheatsheet
Diablo III coming May 15
Diablo in JavaScript
Diamonds Are Bullshit
Diary of a programmer with no clue about marketing
Diaspora Co-Founder Ilya Zhitomirskiy Passes Away At 21
Dictionary app auto-posts piracy accusations on users’ Twitter accounts
Dictionary of Algorithms and Data Structures
Did Blowing Into The NES Cartridge Really Work?
Did English ever have a formal version of “you”?
Did GitHub Suspend Egor Homakov account?
Did Goldman Overstep in Criminally Charging Its Ex-Programmer?
Did Malaysian Airlines 370 disappear using SIA68/SQ68 (another 777)?
Did NSA Put a Secret Backdoor in New Encryption Standard? (2007)
Did Obama Just Destroy the U.S. Internet Industry?
Did You Hear We Got Osama?
Did an F-15 airplane successfully land with just one wing?
Did everybody see what just happened? The pendulum has swung.
Did porn warp me forever?
Did scientists discover bacteria in meteorites? No.
Did the Microsoft Stack Kill MySpace?
Did this Tor developer become a victim of NSA's laptop interception program?
Did you know John Roberts is also chief justice of the NSA’s surveillance state?
Didn't see this coming: The Goldman Sachs Github Account
Differences Between jQuery .bind() vs .live() vs .delegate() vs .on()
DigiNotar Damage Disclosure (with full list of issued certs)
DigiNotar root CA trust removal follow-up
Digital Design Principles from the UK Gov
Digital audio signals and how they really behave [video]
DigitalOcean Raises $37.2M From Andreessen Horowitz to Take on AWS
DigitalOcean leaks customer data between VMs
Digramly - build diagrams online with great ease for free
Dijkstra on Haskell and Java (2001)
Dijkstra: “You will be treated as grown-ups”
Direct the Patent Office to Cease Issuing Software Patents
Direct3D to OpenGL abstraction layer
Dirt may explain why richest countries suffer diseases rarely seen anywhere else
Disastrous IP Legislation Is Back – And It’s Worse than Ever
Discoveries Ten Years Later in Zelda Speedrun
Discussion of HN at 4chan's /g/
Disney Accelerator
Disney Shuts Down LucasArts
Disney have stolen my artwork
Disney to Acquire Lucasfilm Ltd.
Disqus (SF) is seeking an inhouse technical recruiter to expand product team
Disqus bait and switch, now with ads
Distributed Everything
Distribution of colors in movie posters between 1914 and 2012
Distrusting git
Ditch Starbucks and work at the library
DivX Now Installs Malware
Divine intervention: Google's Nexus 7 is a fantastic $200 tablet
Dizzying but invisible depth
Django 1.3 released
Django 1.4 final released
Django 1.5 release candidate available
Django 1.5 released
Django 1.6 released
Django Security Release - 1.5.4
Django is now (officially) on GitHub
Django plugins you shouldn't start without
Django's future, and Python 3
Do Elite Colleges Discriminate Against Asians?
Do It Yourself Masters in Financial Engineering
Do Not Type "File:///" in OS X
Do Things that Don't Scale
Do Things, Tell People.
Do You Really Want to be Doing this When You're 50?
Do You Wanna Touch
Do a barrel roll - Google Search
Do all first links on Wikipedia lead to philosophy?
Do call yourself a programmer, and other career advice
Do not ask me personal details when calling me
Do not let your domain expire with Google Apps
Do the right thing, wait to get fired
Do things, write about it
Do you have a secret?
Do you really want to be making this much money when you're 50?
Docker - Way better than a VM
Docker 0.7 runs on all Linux distributions
Docker 0.8: Quality, new builder features, btrfs, OSX support
Docker Raises $15M
Docker on Linode
Docker, the Linux container runtime: now open-source
Docker: Git for deployment
Docracy - Free (community curated) Legal Documents
Docracy Terms of Service Tracker
Doctorow: The coming war on general-purpose computation
Doctors and dentists tell patients, "all your review are belong to us"
Does America need a Pirate Party?
Does Gravity Travel at the Speed of Light? (1998)
Does Steve Jobs know how to code?
Does everyone hate MongoDB?
Does life end after 35?
Does my company have IP rights to the stuff I do in my spare time?
Dogecoin and the Appeal of Small Numbers
Dogecoin decides to allow annual inflation of 5 billion coins each year, forever
Dogecoin market manipulation?
Dogescript
Doing Game Gravity Right
Dolphin Emulator and OpenGL drivers - Hall of Fame/Shame
Dolphins Call Each Other By Name
Domain Knowledge or a Lack Thereof
Don Rosa: Why I Quit
Don't Be A Free User
Don't Buy the Snake Oil of Beamr Video
Don't Call Yourself a Programmer
Don't Copy-Paste from Website to Terminal
Don't Distract New Programmers with OOP
Don't End The Week With Nothing
Don't Fly During Ramadan
Don't Forget Your Logged Out Users
Don't Give Your Users Shit Work
Don't Pipe to your Shell
Don't Plug Your Phone into a Charger You Don't Own
Don't Support Information Architects
Don't be evil: Moving everything off of Google
Don't be rich, Live rich
Don't distract new programmers with OOP
Don't dumb girls down
Don't give bullshit advice
Don't make my eyes bleed: a rant about business plans by Neil Davidson
Don't re-elect SOPA supporters on Tuesday
Don't read TechCrunch
Don't reinvent the scrollbar
Don't submit to the SSL cert racket. You can get one for no charge
Don't tell me how to enable JavaScript
Don't touch me, I'm British
Don't trust me: I might be a spook
Don't use Hadoop when your data isn't that big
Don't use Linksys routers
Don't use MongoDB
Don't use Scatterplots
Don't want your laptop tampered with? Just add glitter nail polish
Don't waste your time by cd-ing in the terminal
Don't write on the whiteboard
Don't. Waste. Time.
Donate to the EFF
Donating my Xbox
Done, that was easy. Keep your money, we do it for the lulz
Dont Worry Government, I Got This Porn Filter Sorted
Donut math - How donut.c works
Donut math: How donut.c works
Don’t Be Evil: How Google Screwed a Startup
Don’t Jump to Conclusions About the Killer
Don’t Lie On Your Resume, But Lie Like Hell During Your Exit Interview
Don’t believe everything you read
Don’t drink the startup Kool-Aid – just find a problem and try to solve it
Don’t lie to me, Argentina. Imagine a world without statistics
Don’t work. Be hated. Love someone. (2008)
Doodle Jump Recreated in HTML5 ...with source
Doom 3 BFG Edition source code released
Doom 3 Source code review
Doom 3 source released
Doom engine code review
Doom released 20 years ago today
Doom3 Gangnam Style in WebGL
Dot-dash-diss: The gentleman hacker's 1903 lulz
Dotcloud becoming Docker
Dotcom search warrants declared illegal
Dotcom: "We've hit the jackpot"
Dotjs — hack the web
Double Fine raises $1m in less than 24hrs on Kickstarter
Doubling SaaS Revenue By Changing The Pricing Model
Doug Engelbart has died
Down The Rabbit Hole We Go: Mind-Expanding Documentaries
Down syndrome reversed in newborn mice with single injection
Download Entire Wikipedia for Offline Use With an HTML5 App
Download a copy of your Gmail and Google Calendar data
Download.com wrapping downloads
Downloading Software Safely Is Nearly Impossible
Downtime last Saturday
Dr. Arjun Srinivasan: We’ve Reached “The End of Antibiotics, Period”
Dragon has successfully achieved splashdown
DragonBox: Algebra beats Angry birds
DragonBox: Gaming children into learning algebra
Drawing as a programmer
Dreamliner spells out "787" & Boeing logo over US during test flight
Dress code: blue tie and male
Dress.me: Because Guys Hate to Shop
DressRush Pitch Deck
Drone Flies Into an Active Volcano [video]
Drone hijacked by UT hackers with $1,000 spoofer
Drone ‘Nightmare Scenario’ Now Has A Name: ARGUS
DropQuest 2011
Dropbox Acquires Mailbox
Dropbox Attempts To Kill Open Source Project
Dropbox Bug Can Permanently Lose Your Files
Dropbox Cofounder & CTO Arash Ferdowsi responds to yesterday's bug
Dropbox Hires Guido Van Rossum
Dropbox Hits 25 Millions Users, 200 Million Files Per Day
Dropbox Introduces 2-Factor Authentication
Dropbox Lack of Security
Dropbox Lied to Users about Data Security, Complaint to FTC Alleges
Dropbox Said No To “Nine-Digit” Acquisition Offer From Steve Jobs
Dropbox TOS Includes Broad Copyright License
Dropbox and why you should invest in people
Dropbox dives into CoffeeScript
Dropbox opening my docs?
Dropbox raises about $250 million at $10 billion valuation
Dropbox' Public/ folders will be phased out soon
Dropbox: The Inside Story Of Tech's Hottest Startup
Dropbox: The hottest startup you've never heard of
Dropping Prices Again-- EC2, RDS, EMR and ElastiCache
Dropping a Magnet Through a Copper Pipe
Dropping out is probably not for you
Dropship — successor to torrents?
Drug Agents Use Vast Phone Trove Eclipsing N.S.A.’s
Drug addiction: The complex truth
Drugs and the Meaning of Life (2011)
Drunk scientists pour wine on superconductors and make an incredible discovery
Drupal 7 Released
Drupal's Golden Handcuffs
Dubai on Empty
Duck Duck Go Passed 1mm Searches Per Day
DuckDuckGo Architecture - 1 Million Deep Searches a Day and Growing
DuckDuckGo Challenges Google on Privacy (With a Billboard in San Francisco)
DuckDuckGo Direct queries per day (28 day average)
DuckDuckGo Sees Record Traffic After NSA PRISM Scandal
DuckDuckGo Terminal Emulator
DuckDuckGo and Wolfram Alpha are now official partners
DuckDuckGo gets a new look
DuckDuckGo included in Opera
DuckDuckGo is blowing up
DuckDuckGo: Escape your search engine filter bubble
DuckDuckGo: illusion of privacy?
DuckDuckHack
DuckTales invented a new animated wonderland—that quickly disappeared
Dude, it's a laptop you want, not an iPad
Dudes, this is so not REST
Duke Nukem Forever Gets Delayed... again
Duke Nukem Forever has gone gold
Duke Nukem Forever: barely playable, not funny, rampantly offensive
Dumped by Google
Dune II ported to the Web with Emscripten
Dutch Judge Who Ordered Pirate Bay Links Censored Has Conflict of Interest
Dutch parliament rejects ACTA, prohibits government to sign or ratify.
Dutch secret service 'also has access to information from PRISM'
Dwarf Fortress: Ten hours with the most inscrutable video game of all time
Dwolla is going to eliminate ACH
Dwolla: transactions under $10 are free
Dyslexie: A typeface for dyslexics
E-ZPasses Get Read All Over New York (Not Just At Toll Booths)
E-ink writing pad, Noteslate.
E17 is out
EA CEO John Riccitiello Steps Down
EA refuses to refund user for SimCity, threatens account ban
EBay Patents 10-Click Checkout
EBay acquires Hunch for $80m
EC2 I/O
ECMA-404: The JSON Data Interchange Format [pdf]
ECMAScript 6 looks promising
EFF Challenges New Jersey Subpoena Issued to MIT Student Bitcoin Developers
EFF Finds Evidence Of Over 40,000 Intelligence Violations By The FBI
EFF Has Lavabit’s Back in Contempt of Court Appeal
EFF Makes Formal Objection to DRM in HTML5
EFF Patent Project Gets Half-Million-Dollar Boost from Mark Cuban and 'Notch'
EFF Wins Protection for Time Zone Database
EFF and Bitcoin
EFF has 2x matching donations until Dec 17th
EFF sues the NSA Over Illegal Surveillance
EFF, Reddit, Mozilla, others launch Internet Defense League and Cat Signal
EFF: "Parallel construction" is really intelligence laundering
EFF: Apple Should Stand Up and Defend Its Developers
EFF: Show Support for the Fourth Amendment
EFF: Stop Congress from Reauthorizing the Warrantless Spying Bill
EFF: Stop Secret Copyright Treaties
EFF: forced disclosure of encryption password violates 5th Amendment
EMC Buys Pivotal Labs
EMI music is sold to Universal. We're down to three major labels.
EU Adopts Resolution Against US Domain Seizures
EU Commissioner Will Simply Ignore Any Rejection Of ACTA By EU Parliament
EU Court of Justice: Censorship in Name of Copyright Violates Fundamental Rights
EU Parliament supports the possible suspension of U.S. data sharing agreements
EU Scolds Visa et al. For Killing WikiLeaks Donations, Initiates Regulation
EU wants to criminalize "Hacking Tools"
Early Photos of Y Combinator
Early pictures from the days when PayPal was a startup
Earth may be headed into a mini Ice Age within a decade
Easing into SICP
Easter Island heads have bodies
Easy 6502
Easy 6502 - Learn the 6502 Assembly Language
Easy Steps to a Complete Understanding of SQL
Easy way to build product tours with Bootstrap
Eating Healthily for $3 a Day
Echoprint: Open-source music fingerprinting
Eclipse launches new language to cut down Java boilerplate - Extend
Economics in One Lesson
Ecuador grants Julian Assange asylum
Ecuador offers U.S. rights aid, waives trade benefits
Ed McMillen: Ubuntu Store Sold Super Meat Boy Without Permission, Has Yet To Pay
Edit like an Ace
Editorial: "How piracy changed my life"
Edsger Dijkstra's note on starting array indices at 0 (pdf, 1982)
Edw519 wrote a book compiling his best HN Comments
Edward C++Hands
Edward Snowden Q&A
Edward Snowden SXSW live stream
Edward Snowden is Almost Broke
Edward Snowden nominated for Nobel peace prize
Edward Snowden voted Guardian person of the year 2013
Edward Snowden wins Sam Adams award [video]
Edward Snowden's not the story. The fate of the internet is
Edward Snowden, Whistle-Blower
Edward Snowden, after months of NSA revelations, says his mission’s accomplished
Edward Snowden: Saving Us from the United Stasi of America
Edward Snowden: the whistleblower behind revelations of NSA surveillance
Edward Snowden’s Email Provider Shuts Down Amid Secret Court Battle
Edward Tufte's "Slopegraphs"
Edward Tufte’s defense of Aaron Swartz and the “marvelously different”
Eek, A Male
Effeckt.css
Effective Django
Egghead.io - short screencasts about AngularJS
Egypt has shut off the Internet (update: not everywhere)
Egypt shuts down Al Jazeera bureau
Eight Years of Firefox
Eight years today
Einstein Was Right: NASA Announces Results of Epic Space-Time Experiment
Einstein and the Great Fed Robbery
Einstein for Everyone
Einstein's list of conditions for staying together with his wife
Elasticsearch 1.0.0 released
Electron Band Structure In Germanium, My Ass
Electronic Frontier Foundation Uncovers Widespread FBI Intelligence Violations
Electronic demon costume is surprisingly unnerving
ElementaryOs Luna released
Eliezer Yudkowsky: Is That Your True Rejection?
Elixir, a functional metaprogramming-aware language built on the Erlang VM
Elon Musk - The Future of Energy and Transport [video]
Elon Musk and the Hyperloop
Elon Musk calls NYT review of the Tesla Model S ‘fake,’ citing vehicle log data
Elon Musk entrepreneurship lecture.
Elon Musk of SpaceX: The Goal is Mars
Elon Musk says he will put millions of people on Mars
Elon Musk to publish hyperloop design by August
Elon Musk took the futuristic gesture interface from Iron Man and made it real
Elon Musk's Data Doesn't Back Up His Claims of New York Times Fakery
Elon Musk's determination
Elon Musk: "I would like to die on Mars"
Elon Musk: 'Europe's rocket has no chance'
Elon Musk: Boeing 787 battery fundamentally unsafe
Elon Musk: To the People of New Jersey
Elon Musk’s Mission to Mars
Eloquent JavaScript, Second Edition
Elsevier = Evil
Elusive Icons - 268 Sleek Vector Icons For Bootstrap
Emacs follow-mode
Emacs users are like Terry Pratchett’s Igors
Emacs, naked
Email Introduction Etiquette
Email exchange between Edward Snowden and former GOP Senator Gordon Humphrey
Email is not broken: It’s a framework, not an application
Email service used by Snowden shuts down, warns against using US-based companies
Email transparency
Emails From Schmidt And Sergey Brin Show Agreements Not To Hire Apple Workers
Ember 101: Learn Ember One Video at a Time
Ember.js 1.0 Released
EmberJS Confuses Me
Embrace, extend, extinguish: How Google crushed and abandoned the RSS industry
Employees leave managers, not companies
Employers Banned From Asking For Social Media Passwords In California
Empty London
Enable tab-completion in the interactive interpreter by default
Encrypted Chat Developer Detained, Interrogated at US Border
Encryption is less secure than we thought
End of Inception decoded [video]
End the N.S.A. Dragnet, Now
Engineer's Guide to US Visas
Engineering Pornography (2002)
Engineering management at Facebook
Engineering role open at E la Carte (restaurant tablets, YC S10)
Engineers Allege Hiring Collusion in Silicon Valley
Engineers suck at finding the right jobs
English Has a New Preposition, Because Internet
English Letter Frequency Counts: Mayzner Revisited
English has been my pain for 15 years
Enough Is Enough
Enough with the JavaScript already
Entire cities dead on some World of Warcraft realms
Entire field of particle physics is to switch to open-access publishing
Entitlement and Acquisition
Entreporn, The Fallacy That Wastes Your Life
Entreporn: Learning vs doing vs wasting time
Entrepreneur, the Magazine That Sues Entrepreneurs
Entrepreneurs Tell The White House To Focus On Innovation, Not IP Enforcement
Entrepreneurs Tell What They Wish They’d Known before Founding First Startup
Entrepreneurshit
Entropy generator to provide significant lag reduction in Android
Envolve looking for Designer / Frontend Engineer to build real-time interfaces
Epic Games shows jaw-dropping graphics for next-generation consoles
EpicEditor: An Embeddable JavaScript Markdown Editor
Equations True Computer Science Geeks Should (at Least Pretend to) Know
Eric Raymond: Why I think RMS is a fanatic, and why that matters
Eric Schmidt: On April 4th I Will Step Down, Larry Page to be CEO
Erik Meijer’s suggestions for further reading in functional programming
Erlang creator on how to get started and learning to program
Erlang inventor: Why do we need modules and files?
Erlang programmer’s view on Curiosity Rover software
Escape from Callback Hell: Callbacks are the modern goto
Essays from the funniest man in Microsoft Research
Essential C
Essential JavaScript Design Patterns For Beginners
Essential Math for Games Programmers
Establishing secure connection
Estimate your English vocabulary size
Estonian E-Voting Source Code Made Public
Eth0 no more?
Ethiopian Binary Math
Etsy accused me of not assembling my synths by hand and shut down my shop
Eugene Kaspersky: What Wired Is Not Telling You
Eulerian Video Magnification for Revealing Subtle Changes in the World
Europe drafts law to ban mobile roaming charges
Europe's Web Of Debt
European Court: Used software licenses may be resold.
European roaming charges will end in 2014
European server provider Hetzner now offers a 64GB RAM box for 109€/mon
Evan Williams on leaving Twitter
Evasi0n iOS 6.x jailbreak
Eve Online spaceship viewer uses WebGL
Eve Online wages largest war in its 10 year history
Even experts get it wrong
Ever heard of "Low orbit server stations"?
Everlane Closed on Black Friday
Evernote Peek, The First iPad Smart Cover App
Evernote Smart Notebook by Moleskine
Evernote hacked
Evernote, the bug-ridden elephant
Everpix was great. This is how it died
Every Black Hole Contains a New Universe
Every Linux screen locker bypassed with a keypress
Every NFL play for the past 10 years in CSV format
Every day at my job I helped people just barely survive
Every important person in BitCoin just got subpoenaed by NY financial regulators
Every odd number greater than five is the sum of three primes
Every position of Rubik's Cube can be solved in twenty moves or less
Every programmer should read the source to abort() at some point in their life.
Everybody Hates Firefox Updates
Everyone sucks at interviewing. Everyone.
Everyone thinks they're hiring the top 1%
Everything I wish someone had told me (about freelancing)
Everything Technical in F1
Everything You Know About Fitness is a Lie
Everything You Know About Fitness is a Lie (2011)
Everything You Thought You Knew About Learning Is Wrong
Everything is my fault
Everything popular is wrong: Making it in electronic music
Everything that's wrong with Java in a single class
Everything you need to know about Machine Learning in 30 minutes or less
Everything you need to know about cryptography in 1 hour, by Colin Percival
Everything you need to understand to start with AngularJS
Everything's broken and nobody's upset
Evicted in San Francisco
Evidence my ISP is making money from tracking its customers
Evidence that the NSA Is Storing Voice Content, Not Just Metadata
Evolution of Hacker News
Ex-Wave, Ex-Plus engineer on Google Plus
Excited about iOS 5? Join Nowmov (YC W10) to unleash the potential of AirPlay
Excited about new developments at f8? We need Ruby developers at PageLever
Exhibit A – the “child pornographer”
Exist
Existential Depression in Gifted Children
Exotic data structures
Expedia: Bad for the Traveler, Bad for the Hotel
Expensive lessons in Python performance tuning
Experian Sold Consumer Data to ID Theft Service
Experience the Apollo 11 Lunar Landing
Experiment in booting Linux fast
Experiment in paying villagers in India an unconditional basic income
Experiment: Living Without A Home Internet Connection
Experiment: Unit testing isn't enough; You need static types, too
Experiments Show Gravity Is Not an Emergent Phenomenon
Experiments to do with your baby
Explain Shell
Explainshell – match command-line arguments to their help text
Explicit bootstrapping of pip in Python installations
Explicit vs. Clever
Exploit Linux Machines Through Fun Challenges
Exploiting Silicon Valley For Profit (and Maybe Fun)
Explorations in Unix
Explosion in central Oslo
Explosions near Boston Marathon finish line
Exposed Webcam Viewer
Expunging Google
Extra security measures for next week's releases
Extracting Audio from Pictures of Gramophone Recordings
Extreme debugging - a tale of microcode and an oven
Extremist Programming
Extruding Ice from Steel Fences and Pipes with Diurnal Freeze/Thaw
F.B.I. Seizes Web Servers, Knocking Sites Offline
F.lux updated
F1 - The Fault-Tolerant Distributed RDBMS Supporting Google's Ad Business
F1 Indian GP in real time with Google Maps
FB down 8% at opening
FBI Admits It Controlled Tor Servers Behind Mass Malware Attack
FBI Checks Wrong Box, Places Student on No-Fly List
FBI Document: [DELETED] had "plan to kill local Occupy leaders via sniper fire"
FBI Hack news on Hackernews is Fake
FBI Tracking Device Teardown
FBI got Hacked, Reveals Hundreds of Passwords
FBI pressures Internet providers to install surveillance software
FBI pushing for surveillance backdoors on websites
FBI raids alleged online drug market Silk Road, arrests owner
FBI seized PokerStars.com, FullTiltPoker.com, UB.com,... domain names
FBI seizes riseup.net server
FBI struggles to seize 600,000 Bitcoins from alleged Silk Road founder
FBI: Carrier IQ files used for "law enforcement purposes"
FBI: If We Told You . . . (Part II)
FBI: If you knew what your phone company tells us, you'd probably sue
FDA Warning Letter to 23andMe
FFmpeg and a thousand fixes
FSF: Campaign against windows 8 "secure boot"
FTL: Advanced Edition
Fabric Python with Cleaner API and Parallel Deployment
Fabric hits 1.0
Fabrice Bellard [pdf]
Fabrice Bellard: Portrait of a super-productive programmer (2011)
Facebook
Facebook Acquires Sofa
Facebook Ads: The Cheapest Traffic You'll Ever Buy
Facebook Android app sends phone number to Facebook servers without consent
Facebook Bankers Secretly Cut FB Revenue Estimates In Middle Of IPO Roadshow
Facebook Blames Email Problems On User "Confusion"
Facebook Buying WhatsApp for $16B in Cash and Stock Plus $3B in RSUs
Facebook CSRF leading to full account takeover (fixed)
Facebook CTO Bret Taylor Departs (For Start-Ups Unknown)
Facebook Didn't Kill Digg, Reddit Did
Facebook Disconnect
Facebook Fraud [video]
Facebook Home
Facebook Home destroys any notion of privacy
Facebook Is Not Blocking Tor Deliberately
Facebook Is Using You
Facebook Loses Much Face In Secret Smear On Google
Facebook Now Shares Phone Number & Address With Third-Party Apps
Facebook PHP Source Code from August 2007
Facebook PR: Tonight We Dine In Hell
Facebook Pages: Why I don’t like Nest thermostat or anything else anymore
Facebook Partners with Stack Overflow
Facebook Publications
Facebook Refused No-Poaching Agreement With Google
Facebook Releases Data, Including All National Security Requests
Facebook Removing Option To Be Unsearchable By Name
Facebook Timeline
Facebook Timeline is too awful to be an accident
Facebook Tries To Silence Blogger To Cover Up User Data Scandal
Facebook Unsocial Reader
Facebook Wants You To Snitch On Friends Not Using Their Real Name
Facebook Wins “Worst API” in Developer Survey
Facebook acquires Instagram
Facebook acquires Oculus VR
Facebook and Heroku
Facebook and many other sites also bypass Internet Explorer privacy controls
Facebook autobot going berserker
Facebook bans Adsense in all applications, driving Google out of Facebook.com
Facebook blocks Google Chrome extension for exporting friends
Facebook buys Gowalla
Facebook buys Parse
Facebook can now read your texts
Facebook claims it does not track users, but files patent to do same
Facebook deleted their Python SDK repository without warning
Facebook designers' novel approach to the usual name tag problems
Facebook detects if you are logged in Gmail
Facebook doesn't like privacy countermeasures
Facebook e-mail mess: Address books altered, e-mail lost
Facebook explains what's wrong with the mobile web
Facebook forces all users over to Facebook.com e-mail addresses
Facebook hands out White Hat debit cards to hackers
Facebook has 1 billion monthly active users
Facebook hit git performance issue on large repository
Facebook hype will fade
Facebook intimidates developer, bans him and his code for life
Facebook is Big and Boring
Facebook is Blocking Connections from Tor Network
Facebook is a Ponzi Scheme
Facebook is gaslighting the web. We can fix it.
Facebook is using D in production starting today
Facebook is what happens to the Web when you hit it with the stupid stick
Facebook machine learning technology improves; Redditors alaramed.
Facebook no longer supports IE7
Facebook open sources its servers and data centers
Facebook privacy fuckup reveals who has your number in their phone
Facebook reveals friends list even when it’s set to private
Facebook security hole allows viewing of private photos
Facebook settles with FTC, under privacy watch for 20 years
Facebook shoots first, ignores questions later; account lock-out attack works
Facebook sinks to record low, 43% below IPO price, as doubts grow
Facebook supports horrible proposed Internet bill CISPA
Facebook to File for IPO Next Week
Facebook users drop in the US and Canada
Facebook uses bgsound to see if you have opened an email
Facebook vulnerability 2013
Facebook “Promoted Posts” have primarily foreign “Likes”: Why?
Facebook's 3rd Biggest Advertiser is a Bing Affiliate Scam
Facebook's New Feed
Facebook's S-1 Filing
Facebook's Three New Products
Facebook's e-mail debacle: One 'bug' fix, but rollback impossible
Facebook's legal team bans developer of F.B. Purity from Facebook
Facebook, Google, Zynga Ask Courts To Reject Patents On Abstract Ideas
Facebook, I want my friends back
Facebook-Goldman: Where Is the S.E.C.?
Facebook: Legal action against employers asking for your password
Facebook’s New React JavaScript Library Tutorial Rewritten in AngularJS
Faced with a Five-Page Limit, Lawyer Files Cartoon Amicus Brief
Factor 0.96 now available – over 1,100 commits
Fail Upwards
Failed Startup's Final Income Statements Reveal Grave Error
Failed entrepreneur, broke, unemployed, now taking care of aging parents. Help.
Failing with MongoDB
Failure: Building a web app that makes $50/month
Fairfax strikes $4.7-billion deal to buy BlackBerry
Fake Bus Stops For Alzheimer’s patients in Germany (2011)
Fake Name Generator
Fake S3 – Save time, money, and develop offline
Fake apple stores
Fake femme fatale dupes IT guys at US government agency
Fakecall: helping polite introverts stay productive
Fallacies of Distributed Computing
False confessions
Falsehoods Programmers believe about Time
Family trees: Tracing the world's ancestor
Famous Last Words by Bosses I've Had
Famous Logos Designed Entirely in CSS
Famous judge spikes Apple-Google case, calls patent system “dysfunctional”
Famous tech acquisitions’ cost per user
Fantastic summary of some of the math pertinent to theoretical computer science.
Farbrausch (demoscene group) releases their tools and engine
Farewell
Farewell Stack Exchange
Farewell, neighbors
Farming hard drives: how Backblaze weathered the Thailand drive crisis
Fast Inverse Square Root
Fast JVM launching without the hassle of persistent JVMs
Fast Levenshtein distance using a Trie
Fast enough VMs in fast enough time
Fast-growing (2MM monthly uniques) YC S11 startup looking for 1st employee
Fast-growing YC S11 startup (3M monthly uniques) looking for 1st employee
FastMail staff purchase the business from Opera
FastMail’s servers are in the US – what this means for you
Faster JavaScript parsing
Faster than C? Parsing binary data in JavaScript.
Faster-Than-Light Neutrino Puzzle Claimed Solved by Special Relativity
Faster-than-light neutrino result may have been due to bad connection
Fastest-growing YC S11 startup (3M monthly uniques) looking for 1st employee
Fasting & Programming
Father's homemade machine helps disabled son to walk (video)
Favicon Cheatsheet
Favorite Unix Commands
Fay -- A proper subset of Haskell that compiles to Javascript
Federal Circuit case renders many broadly written software patents invalid
Federal Circuit reexamining whether software is patentable
Federal Judge Finds National Security Letters Unconstitutional, Bans Them
Federal Prosecutors, in a Policy Shift, Cite Warrantless Wiretaps as Evidence
Feds Mistakenly Shut Down Popular Blog For Over A Year
Feds Seize 130+ Domain Names in Mass Crackdown
Feds Seized Hip-Hop Site for a Year, Waiting for Proof of Infringement
Feds put heat on Web firms for master encryption keys
Feds tell web firms to turn over user passwords
Feds, Please Return My Personal Files Stored at MegaUpload
Feds, We Need Some Time Apart
FeeFighters Loses BBB Accreditation Over Investigative Blog Post
Feinstein Publicly Accuses C.I.A. of Spying on Congress
Female FOSS dev quits tech industry due to harassment
Female Founders
Fertile Ground
Fetch.io Downloads Your Torrents For You Insanely Fast, Then Streams Them to You
Feudal Security
Few successful entrepreneurs blog
Feynman On The Importance Of Playing
Feynman on explanations
Feynman's wobbling plate: how to recover from burnout
Feynman: I am burned out and I'll never accomplish anything
Fields medalist Tim Gowers: Elsevier — my part in its downfall
Fifth Amendment Prohibits Compelled Decryption, New EFF Brief Argues
Figures: They Speak For Themselves (mildly NSFW)
File Hosting Service Hotfile Sues Warner Bros. For Copyright Fraud and Abuse
Final Term - Terminal Emulator
Finally Redis collections are iterable
Finally someone makes sense of JavaScript's this keyword
Finally, A Bill To End Patent Trolling
Finally, a Startup Visa That Works
Find Your Color Scheme
Find apartments by commute times
Fine, eBay. Here’s your $2. I hope you choke on it.
Fingerprints are Usernames, not Passwords
Finishing what Aaron Swartz started with PACER
Fire Me, I Beg You
Fire the workaholics (2008)
Firebase Leaves Beta Today
Firebug lead developer now working on Web dev tools at Google
Fired? Speak No Evil
Firefox 11 Targeted for SPDY Support
Firefox 12 released
Firefox 15 available to download, finally fixes add-on memory leak
Firefox 15 plugs the add-on leaks
Firefox 22 released
Firefox 23 will block non-SSL content on SSL pages by default
Firefox 25 is released
Firefox 25 will get a major UI overhaul
Firefox 26 is released
Firefox 27 Released
Firefox 28 Release Notes
Firefox 4 is here
Firefox 4, 5, 6 and 7 to be released before the end of 2011
Firefox 5 is now officially released
Firefox 6 - WebSockets are back
Firefox 8 is 20% faster than Firefox 5, matches Chrome 14
Firefox Add-ons with the Slowest Start-up
Firefox Beta 15 supports the new Opus audio format
Firefox Nightly Gets New Baseline JIT Compiler
Firefox Now Scores 100% on Acid3 Test
Firefox OS 1.3
Firefox OS devices officially released
Firefox OS – video presentations and slides on the OS, WebAPIs
Firefox Takes the Performance Crown From Chrome
Firefox add-on with 7m downloads secretly tracks your browsing history
Firefox debuts new developer toolbar
Firefox finally plugs the leak
Firefox fixes save gigabytes of memory on image-heavy pages
Firefox getting smarter about third-party cookies
Firefox introduces PDF viewer
Firefox now only has one HTML parser
Firefox overtakes IE in Europe
Firefox turns 10 years old today (Phoenix v0.1)
Firefox – tons of tools for web developers
First 5 Minutes Troubleshooting A Server
First Mechanical Gear Found in a Living Creature
First Night With Google Plus: This is Very Cool
First Sale Under Siege: If You Bought It, You Should Own It
First Victim of Amazon Drones: The Credibility of CBS and 60 Minutes
First dump of Anon BofA Documents is up
First employee of startup? You are probably getting screwed
First full-resolution images of the Martian surface
First glider discovered in a cellular automata on an aperiodic tiling
First impressions of Leap Motion
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win
First-person Tetris
Fish don't know they're in water
Fish shell 2.0
Fish shell 2.1
Fish: Finally, a command line shell for the 90s
Fitbit, why can’t I have my data?
Five Hundred and Seven Mechanical Movements
Five Men Agree To Stand Directly Under An Exploding Nuclear Bomb
Five Stars (YC W11) has really challenging technology problems.
Five years ago, Stack Overflow launched
FiveThirtyEight: Over the Decades, How States Have Shifted
Fix Ubuntu
Fix the DMCA
FixYT
Fixing XSS on a bank website - A customer's saga
Fixing the Python subprocess interface
Fixing the callback spaghetti in node.js
Fixing the computer guy posture [pdf]
Fizz Buzz: Enterprise Edition
Flame Malware Makers Send 'Suicide' Code
Flame from Bill Gates Re: Windows Usability
Flame is Lame
Flappy 2048
Flappy Bird Creator Dong Nguyen Speaks Out
Flappy Bird Ported to C64
Flappy Bird Typing Tutor
Flappy Bird by the Numbers
Flappy Bird creator, Dong Nguyen, taking down game; "I can't take this anymore"
Flappy Bird is proof that no one knows what the audience wants
Flappy Space Program
Flash For Linux Will Only Be Available For Chrome
Flash Game Simulates Living on $9/hr.
Flash is dead, long live OpenFL
Flash is dead. Long live the internet.
Flashback trojan reportedly controls half a million Macs and counting
Flask 0.7 Released (Python Web Framework)
Flask 0.9 codename Campari released today
Flat Pixels
Flat UI DCMA Takedown
Flat UI, mirrored
Flat UI: Free Web User Interface Kit
Fleksy - Awesome new predictive text input method
Flickr gets new UI, new Android app, 1TB free space
Flickr's redesign makes it a photo service actually worth sharing
Fliers Must Turn Off Devices, but It’s Not Clear Why
Flight Deck of the Space Shuttle Endeavour
Flight: A lightweight, component-based JavaScript framework from Twitter
FlightCaster (YC S09) Acquired
Flock is dead
Floppy Disks: It’s Too Late
Florida Teen Charged With Felony After Science Experiment Goes Bad
Flotr2 : a library for drawing HTML5 charts and graphs
Flowchart : Should you work for Free?
Flowplayer 5.0.0
Fluid windows
Fluid: A UI Prototyping Tool
Flutter: $20 Wireless Arduino with 1 km range
Flux: Better Lighting for Your Mac
Fly Like You're Rich With Social Flights (And Private Planes)
Fly to 6 Continents in Style
FlyKly Smart Wheel
Flying Car (and 0-60 in less than 4 seconds!)
Flynn - Open Source PaaS powered by Docker
Flynn’s IQ
Focus on building 10x teams, not on hiring 10x developers
Fog of World
Fold the DOM like paper
Follow up to "The Unreasonable Effectiveness of C"
Follow up to “Android graphics true facts”, or The Reason Android is Laggy
Followup to "I bought more than 1 million Facebook data entries for $5"
Folly - The Faceboook open source library
Font Awesome 4 released
Font Awesome, the pictographic font designed for use with Twitter Bootstrap
Font that creates charts
Food Practices Banned in Europe But Allowed in the US
Fooling myself to work
For 40 Years, This Russian Family Was Cut Off From All Human Contact
For Google, iCloud Is Annoying; For Microsoft, It's A Humiliation
For Thanksgiving, give your parents a treat: upgrade their browser
For the Love of Money
For the love of God, YC companies-to-be stop posting ambiguous job description
For what are the Windows A:\ and B:\ drives used?
Forced Exercise's Effects on the Brain
Forced Exposure
Forebruary, an endless wall calendar
Forests Around Chernobyl Aren’t Decaying Properly
Forget Self-Improvement
Forgotten Employee (2002)
Forgotten Soviet Moon Rover Beams Light Back to Earth
Fork My Dongle
Formatting your web content to be a pleasure to read
Former Google VP Kai-Fu Lee Got a Nickname, Start-Copy Lee
Former NSA Employees Praise Edward Snowden, Corroborate Key Claims
Formlabs: High Resolution 3D Printer
Formula 1′s Leading Team Has a Big Secret
Formula for love: X^2+(y-sqrt(x^2))^2=1
Forstall Out; Ive Up
Forth Inventor Chuck Moore's $20 144 core CPU now in full production
Fouling Out and Moving On (re: Notifo Shutdown)
Foundations of Computer Science
Founder Stories Volume 01: Slicehost
Founder of Tor Freedom Hosting arrested in Ireland, awaiting extradition to USA
Founders' Accents
Four Hours of Concentration
Four Steps to Google, Without a Degree
Four fears for authoritarians
Four years of Go
Fourier Toy
Fourier Transforms – The Math Trick Behind MP3s, JPEGs, and Homer Simpson’s Face
Framed For Selling Crack, Surveillance Video Helps Him Sue Police
Frameworkless JavaScript
France convicts Google Maps for unfair competition
France outlaws hashed passwords...
Fred Wilson's response to "Paul Graham's Letter to YC Companies"
Free 5 Billion Page Web Index Now Available from Common Crawl Foundation
Free Book: An Introduction to Programming in Go
Free Flag Icons
Free Font: Norwester
Free HTML Starter Templates for Bootstrap
Free Kindle This November
Free Official MSIE VM's for Linux and Mac
Free Online Book: Bayesian Reasoning and Machine Learning
Free Online Education Is Now Illegal in Minnesota
Free Programming Ebooks
Free Python ebook: Bayesian Methods for Hackers
Free SVG and PNG Icons Easily Customizable For Games
Free Schnail Mail for life
Free Textbooks on Machine Learning
Free VMs of Windows to test older versions of IE
Free Wordpress themes coming with a price
Free beautiful UI elements for developers
Free course on developing iPad applications from CMU's HCI institute
Free email address validation API for web forms
Free icons for any object in the world
Free online version of Stanford's Fall 2011 Intro to AI course
Free private Github repos for students and edu people
Free vector icons
Free works
Free your technical aesthetic from the 2010s
Free, Public Data Sets
FreeBSD 10 to use Clang, GCC will be deprecated
FreeBSD 10.0 is here
FreeBSD 10′s New Technologies and Features
FreeBSD 9.1 Release Announcement
Freelancing: A 6-Month Retrospective
French Court Allows Reverse Engineering of Skype Protocol
French Gendarmerie: "Open source desktop lowers TCO by 40%"
French comic-book artist "Moebius" dies
French homeland intelligence threatens a sysop into deleting a Wikipedia Article
Frequency
Frequency-shaped background noise generators
Freshplum has d64a84456adc959f56de6af685d0dadd 8d8a1b73876ca678cc3afa372e5199de
Friends don't let friends get into finance
Frighteningly Ambitious Startup Ideas
From $0-100million with no sales people. Atlassian's commandments for startups.
From 0 to 100k users in 72 hours: the full story behind Breakup Notifier
From China, With Love
From MIT, a cure for all viruses?
From Redmond with Love - IE team sends cake for FF4
From Selling Scoops of Ice Cream to Founding ZeroCater
From YC Rejection to 10,000 Users in 1 Month (with stats)
From a Mailchimp email and Wufoo form to $25k in 3 months
From a Model S owner in Tennessee
From carpool to deadpool: Ridejoy’s startup journey
From idea to replacing full-time salary in 4 months
From sand to processor, or how a CPU is made
From the IE Team: Google Bypassing User Privacy Settings
From zero to Go: launching on the Google homepage in 24 hours
Front End Development Guidelines
Front-End Engineer wanted at Tutorspree (YC W11)
Fructose: compile Ruby into PHP
Frustrated with iCloud, Apple’s developer community speaks up
Frustration, Disappointment And Apathy: My Years At Microsoft
Frustro: The Impossible Typeface
Fuck Off As A Service (FOAAS)
Fuck it, I'll Do This Alone
Fuck passwords
FuckIt.py - The Python Error Steamroller
FuckItJS: Runs your javascript code whether your compiler likes it or not.
Fucking Shell Scripts
Fucking Sue Me
Fucking Sue Me (2011)
Fukushima leak is 'much worse than we were led to believe'
Full Disclosure: PayPal.com XSS Vulnerability
Full Instapaper API now available
Full Text RSS Feed: Get the whole feed and nothing but the feed
Full archives of Game Developer magazine
Full color laser TV
Full disk encryption is too good?
Full quote of what Mark Zuckerberg actually said about HTML5
Full text: Apple Legal's letter to Lodsys
Full-disclosure – Administrivia: The End
Fullscreen in Mountain Lion still renders second display useless
Fun with HTTP headers
Fun with math: Dividing one by 998001 yields a surprising result
Functional Programming For The Rest of Us
Functional Programming Is Hard, That's Why It's Good
Functional Programming in C++
Functional programming books review
Functional thinking: Why functional programming is on the rise
Functors, applicatives, and monads in pictures
Further improving digital certificate security
Future of Firefox DevTools
Futuristic Predictions That Came True in 2012
FuzzyWuzzy: Fuzzy String Matching in Python
G8 agenda calls for "civilized Internet": monitored, governed, controlled, taxed
GAGA-2
GCC 4.7 adds transactional memory extensions for C/C++
GCHQ intercepted webcam images of millions of Yahoo users worldwide
GET /browser.exe
GHC's new cutting-edge dataflow-based code generator
GIMP Windows Installers move from Sourceforge to ftp.gimp.org
GIMP is Now a Self-Contained Native App for Mac OS X
GIT is the new FTP
GM Says Facebook Ads Don't Work, Pulls $10 Million Account
GMail: designer arrogance and the cult of minimalism
GNOME (et al): Rotting In Threes
GNU Emacs 24.1 released
GNU Free Call has been announced (Skype-like software)
GNU sed 4.2.2 released, maintainer resigns
GPGMail 2 is finally here
GTA4 Google Map With Street View
GTFO of my menu bar
GTar: The First Guitar That Anybody Can Play
GUM: A better CLI for Git
Gabe Newell Wants to Support Linux, Because Windows 8 is a 'Catastrophe'
Gabe Newell: Linux is the future of gaming, new hardware coming soon
Gallery of free HTML snippets for Twitter Bootstrap
Game Developer Gives 7-Year-Old Best Birthday Present Ever
Game Developers Are Trolling the Makers of Candy Crush With Other "Candy" Games
Game Over: Zynga Shuts Down PetVille And 10 Other Titles
Game Preview: Voxatron - voxel-based, destructible environment, 8bit soundtrack
Game Programmer Quits Job To Sell Street Food, Doubles Salary
Game Programming Patterns
Game Theory: How 70,000 Pokemon Players Sabotage Themselves
Game developer David Braben creates a USB stick PC for $25
Game of Thrones CGI
Game theory article from a professional Starcraft player/caster.
GameCube Emulation and Pixel Processing Problems
Games company claims their graphics are 100,000x better
Gamification is bullshit
Gandi.net will contribute $1 per inbound transfer to EFF until Jan 15th
Garry Kasparov Arrested By Russian Police
Garry Tan moving on from Posterous and joining YC
Gary McKinnon saved from extradition to the US
Gary Vaynerchuk: “99.5 Percent Of Social Media Experts Are Clowns” (TCTV)
Garzik: An Andre To Remember
Gate Tower Building
Gbatteries (YC W14) Launches BatteryBox, A 50Whr Backup Battery For MacBooks
Geeksphone's Firefox OS smartphones go on sale tomorrow
Geeky Stats About Magic Mushrooms
Generation Sell
Genesis of requiring a "Dropbox folder," versus designated folders
Genetic Algorithms Produce Winning StarCraft II Build Order (2010)
Geneva drive
Geocities Bootstrap Theme
Geocoder.ca sued by Canada Post for their open database of postal codes
Geohot Chimes In
Geohot seeking donations for legal defense against Sony.
Geometee
Georgify: Hacker News meets beautiful typography
German Chaos Computer Club analyzes and releases government malware
German Federal Prosecutor's office gets involved in the NSA data scandal
German Girl Turned Away at Border Due to Private Facebook Messages
German Parliament says: Stop Granting Software Patents
German Patent Ruling Threatens Microsoft's Windows Phone Earnings From Android
German Police Used Only 85 Bullets Against People in 2011
German government urges public to stop using Internet Explorer
German tank problem
Germans Loved Obama. Now We Don’t Trust Him
Germans accuse U.S. of Stasi tactics before Obama visit
Germany Minister of Justice demands immediate response to US spying on Germany
Germany refuses to sign ACTA (for now)
Germany sets new solar-power record
Germany's Leading Technical University Cancels All Elsevier Subscriptions
Germany's laws on github, machine-readable and ready to be forked
Germany: Facebook must destroy its facial recognition database
Get A Job: The Craigslist Experiment
Get Facebook WiFi for your business
Get Shit Done: The Worst Startup Culture
Get that job at Facebook (2012)
Get your own #dickbar
Get-shit-done - Easy way to stop distractions
Getting Beaten by a Voting Bot in 50 Minutes
Getting Bin Laden: What happened that night in Abbottabad
Getting Real book is now free PDF
Getting Started With Clojure
Getting Started with Django
Getting Started with Docker
Getting Things Done For Hackers
Getting Users For Your New Startup
Getting a job in software development: A Reddit discussion round-up
Getting around the London 2012 branding police
Getting better and finding happiness through cycling
Getting the closest string match
Getty's New Watermark
Gfycat - Jiffier gifs through HTML5 video conversion
Ggplot2 for python
Ghost Launches to The Public
Ghost — rethinking WordPress
Ghost.py - a webkit web client written in python.
Ghosts in the rom
Gifpop.io – Print gifs with the magic of lenticular printing
Gigabit Internet for $80
Ginzametrics (YC S10) is Hiring Rails Developers
Girl Scouts to introduce game developer badge
Girls Who Code
Girls and Computers
Girls and Software
Git 1.8.0
Git 2.0 changes push default to ‘simple’
Git 2.0 release notes
Git Cheatsheet
Git Cheatsheet (Visualization)
Git Immersion
Git Is Simpler Than You Think
Git Magic
Git Tips
Git Tutorials for Beginners
Git add -p: a powerful git feature
Git can't be made consistent
Git concepts simplified
Git is Inconsistent
Git is as revolutionary as Unix pipes (2008)
Git is exploding
Git koans
Git project seeks discussion on "push" change
Git-annex assistant: Like DropBox, but with your own cloud
Git: the NoSQL Database (2012)
Git? tig
GitHub Flow
GitHub Game Off
GitHub Hits 1,000,000 users
GitHub Résumé
GitHub Says ‘No Thanks’ to Bots — Even if They’re Nice
GitHub Secrets
GitHub and Rails: You have let us all down.
GitHub announces 3D File Diffs
GitHub availability this week
GitHub for Mac
GitHub for Mac 1.1
GitHub for Windows
GitHub forking has one big flaw
GitHub launches Issues 2.0
GitHub now has Issue Attachments
GitHub now has view modes for image diffs.
GitHub open sources Hubot (chat bot)
GitHub's Explore Email
GitHub's Unicorn Setup
GitHub's new text editor leaked on Twitter
GitHub's on your phone
GitHub, Collaboration, and Haters
GitHub: About This Week's Availability
GitHub: Block the Bullies
GitLab - an open source clone of GitHub
GitLab 4.0 Released
GitLab 6.0 Released
GitLab, open source github clone, reaches 3.0
GitLaw: GitHub for Laws and Legal Documents - a Tourniquet for American Liberty
Github 404 page
Github Raises $100 Million
Github Resume Generator
Github SSL replaced by self-signed certificate in China
Github experiencing major service outages across all services.
Github is Your New Resume
Github is making me feel stupid(er)
Github just hit 2 million users.
Github now publishes all DMCA takedown notices they receive here.
Github redesigns Profiles
Github turns five
Github: Notifications & Stars
Github: United States Code
Gitlab
Gitlab 5.0 released, Gitolite now gone
Gitmo Is Killing Me
Gittip at Khan Academy
Gittip stats
Give 100 Percent?
Give Manning and Snowden the Nobel Peace Prize
Give it five minutes
Give people an iPhone 4S, tell them it's an iPhone 5
Give this company a child's drawing and they'll make it into a stuffed toy
Given Tablets but No Teachers, Ethiopian Children Teach Themselves
Giving away my Rails 3.0 book. Code examples also available on Github.
Giving away the secrets of 99.3% email delivery
Giving the F.B.I. What It Wants
Giving up on Ruby packaging
Glances - an easy CLI overview of your system (CPU, mem, I/O)
Glare from London 'fryscraper' blamed for melting cars
Glass
Glenn Greenwald is leaving The Guardian
Glitch Is Closing
Global Internet slows after 'biggest attack in history'
Gluglug X60 Laptop now certified to Respect Your Freedom
Glyphr - HTML5 based font editor
Gmail Glitch Is Causing 1000s Of Emails To Be Sent To One Man’s Hotmail Account
Gmail Motion April Fools' gag inevitably turned into reality using Kinect
Gmail and Drive - a new way to send files
Gmail blows up e-mail marketing by caching all images on Google servers
Gmail security warnings for suspected state-sponsored attacks
Gmail was down
Gmail.com being MITM'd by Iran using this certificate
Gmail.com was down
Gmail: Introducing Actions in the Inbox
Gmail’s new look
Gmaps.js the easiest way to use Google Maps
Gmvault: gmail backup. Liberate your emails
Gnome's Web Browser Ditches Google For DuckDuckGo
Gnome: Staring into the abyss
GnuPG - 16 Years of protecting privacy
Go 1.1 RC1 is out
Go 1.1 is released
Go 1.2
Go 1.2 is released
Go After 2 Years in Production
Go Ahead, Let Your Kids Fail
Go Concurrency Patterns: Pipelines and cancellation
Go Daddy No Longer Supports SOPA
Go Pro on a soaring eagle [video]
Go Rocks - How Can We Avoid Something This Bad In The Future?
Go and Assembly
Go as an alternative to Node.js for Very Fast Servers
Go at SoundCloud
Go by Example
Go is amazing, period.
Go nuts with CSS3 hover effects
Go read: fast Google Reader clone in AngularJS with Go on App Engine
Go to Trial - Crash the Justice System
Go turns three
Go version 1 is released
Go: Severe memory problems on 32bit Linux
GoDaddy Faces boycott over SOPA support
GoDaddy SSL Cert Scam
GoDaddy deletes my domains and charges me to restore them
GoDaddy has not withdrawn its official congressional support for SOPA
GoDaddy is default registrar for Google Apps Domains
GoDaddy is scrambling to do damage control
GoDaddy loses 72,354 domains this week alone
GoDaddy supports SOPA, redditor proposes "Move your Domain Day"
GoDaddy's DNS Service is Down
GoDaddy's New "Selective DNS Blackouts" Policy
GoDaddy's SOPA Support Sparks Calls for Boycotts and Domain Transfers
GoDaddy, Media Temple, and the Horrible World of Web Hosting
GoDaddy: A glimpse of the Internet under SOPA
GoPro Files For IPO
GoPy – Extend CPython by writing Go
Godot Engine open sourced
Going Colo
Going Paper-Free for $220
Going With the Flow: Google’s Secret Switch to the Next Wave of Networking
Going from $0 to $500k in 1 Year with no VC Money
GoldenEye (N64) has a fully-functional ZX Spectrum 48x emulator built into it.
Goldeneye 64's inspirational startup story
Goldman Sachs and the $580 Million Black Hole
Goldman Sachs invests in Facebook at $50 Billion valuation
Goldman's new money machine: warehouses
Goliath: Non-blocking, Ruby 1.9 Web Server
Good Old Games: gog.com and the DRM-Free Revolution
Good UX in the Wild: Dropbox's attention to detail on their download page
Good bye, Google Maps… thanks for all the fish
Good news: Mozilla fixed their damn browser
Good riddance, PayPal
Good sleep, good learning, good life
Goodbye Academia
Goodbye Basecamp, This Is The End
Goodbye Facebook
Goodbye Facebook.
Goodbye Google Analytics. Hello Piwik
Goodbye Popcorn Time
Goodbye Sticky. Hello Ara
Goodbye to academic research
Goodbye, CouchDB
Goodbye, Malcolm
Goodbye, shitty "Car extends Vehicle" object-orientation tutorial
Goodnight. Sleep Clean
Google AI Challenge 2011
Google Abandons Open Standards for Instant Messaging
Google Account Recovery Vulnerability
Google Acquires Boston Dynamics
Google Acquires Seven Robot Companies, Wants Big Role in Robotics
Google Address Sanitizer ("compile-time valgrind") to be part of GCC 4.8
Google Admits Handing over European User Data to US Intelligence Agencies
Google Already had a Like Button (and other redundancy)
Google Announces Global Campaign To Legalize Gay Marriage
Google Announces Massive Price Drops for Cloud Computing Services, Storage
Google Announces Project Glass
Google App Engine Pricing Angers Developers, Kills PlusFeed
Google App Engine for Go
Google App Engine leaves preview, new pricing
Google Apps Disabled My Domain
Google Apps drop support for IE9
Google Apps stops accepting free sign-ups
Google Awarded Driverless Vehicle Patent
Google BBS Terminal – What Google would have looked like in the 80s
Google Bar: The next stage in Google redesign
Google Begins Testing Its Augmented Reality Glasses
Google Blockly - a visual programming language
Google Buys Motorola For $12.5 Billion
Google Calendar Redesign: It's Goddamn Terrible
Google Calendar Unexpectedly Leaks Private Information
Google Checkout Closing Down on Nov. 20th
Google Checkout will be retired, transition to Google Wallet
Google Chrome Hacked
Google Chrome may soon get audio indicators to show you noisy tabs
Google Chrome now works on iOS
Google Chromecast
Google Code University
Google Correlate
Google Correlate - Draw
Google Correlate by Drawing
Google Deletes Last 7 Years Of User's Digital Life, Shrugs
Google Denies Requests To Remove Videos of Police Brutality
Google Disabling Exchange Sync for Free Accounts
Google Docs makes it easy to do market research
Google Drive
Google Drive detailed: 5 GB of free space, launching next week
Google Drive vs. Dropbox Terms of Service
Google Drive: Is the Dropbox Party Over?
Google Engineer: What I learned in the war
Google Exec Says It's A Good Idea: Open The Index And Speed Up The Internet
Google Fails the Turing Test
Google Fiber
Google Fiber Continues Awful ISP Tradition of Banning “Servers”
Google Fiber Plans & Pricing
Google Fiber announced for Provo, Utah
Google Fiber is live in Kansas City, real-world speeds at 700 Mbps
Google Fiber now allows servers for non-commercial use
Google Fiber: 151Mbps down / 92Mbps up
Google Fiber’s Next Stop: Austin, Texas
Google Flight Search
Google Flights
Google Flu Trends
Google Forecloses on Content Farms with "Farmer" Algorithm Update
Google Gay Marriage
Google Giving Will Provide 15,000 Raspberry Pi's to UK Schools
Google Glass
Google Glass - If I Had Glass
Google Gravity
Google Hangouts/GTalk glitch sends chats to wrong recipients
Google Has Officially Penalized Rap Genius For Link Schemes
Google I/O 2011 Countdown clock
Google I/O 2012
Google IP Vandalizing OpenStreetMap [Not a comprehensive post]
Google Introduces Facebook Competitor, Emphasizing Privacy
Google Introducing New Visual Design Across All Products
Google Java Annotations Gallery
Google Keeps Paying Deceased Employees' Families for a Decade
Google Killing Off Buzz and Code Search
Google Kills Its RSS Subscription Browser Extension Too
Google Labs Winding Down
Google Labs no more
Google Launches Ingress, a Worldwide Mobile Alternate Reality Game
Google Loses Access to Twitter Stream, Suspends Realtime Search
Google Maps Floor Plans
Google Maps One-Hand Zoom on iPhone
Google Maps becomes the App Store’s most popular free app in 7 hours
Google Maps for iOS
Google Maps' advantage over Apple Maps
Google Maps: “Treasure Map” mode
Google May Kill Chrome URL Bar
Google Now
Google Now on your iPhone and iPad
Google Open Sources Collaborative IDE
Google Open-Sources Gumbo: C Library for Parsing HTML5
Google Paid This Man $100 Million
Google Pays for Drones To Bust African Rhino Poachers
Google Play
Google Plus Deleting Accounts En Masse: No Clear Answers
Google Plus: Tagging automatically shares private photos
Google Pressure Cookers and Backpacks, Get a Visit from the Feds
Google Reader Apocalypse Extremely Fucking Nigh
Google Reader announced its shutdown exactly a year ago
Google Reader is dead
Google Reader shutting down
Google Reexam Requests Devastating to Lodsys
Google Removes Vital Privacy Feature From Android, Claims Release Was Accidental
Google Removing H.264 Support in Chrome
Google Reveals Its Stealth Social Project, Google+
Google Rolls Out Two-Factor Authentication For Everyone.
Google Says the FBI Is Secretly Spying on Some of Its Customers
Google Search Referrers Disappear In iOS 6
Google Search is only 18% Search
Google Security Team Member on NSA: "Fuck These Guys"
Google Set to Release iOS Maps App Tonight
Google Shares Experience of Using Ubuntu in their Offices
Google Singleton Detector
Google Spanner's Most Surprising Revelation: NoSQL is Out and NewSQL is In
Google Starts Censoring BitTorrent, RapidShare and More
Google Storage Now Available To Developers
Google Street View Hyperlapses [video]
Google Street View now includes interiors
Google Street View: A wolf in sheep’s clothing
Google Sues Apple, Seeks To Block iPhone, iPad & Mac Imports To U.S.
Google Takeout: Download your data from Picasa, Contacts, Buzz and Profiles
Google Tech Talks: "All Questions Answered" by Donald Knuth
Google Threw A Punch, Microsoft Fires Back With A Missile
Google Translate Easter Egg
Google Translate adds easter egg that recognizes the beatboxing hack
Google Treks
Google Tried To Buy Color For $200 Million. Color Said No.
Google Unveils The New Nexus 7 Android Tablet
Google Ventures Puts $258M Into Uber, Its Largest Deal Ever
Google Video Quality Report
Google Voice Now Offers SIP Addresses For Calling Directly Over IP
Google Voice lost my business number. How I got it back, and what I learned.
Google Wave and the mythical man month
Google Web Designer
Google Will Become an AI Company
Google Will Eat Itself
Google acquires BufferBox (YC S12)
Google acquires ITA Software
Google acquires Postrank.com
Google adds verbatim search mode for your exact search terms
Google algorithm change launched
Google and Microsoft Cheat on Slow-Start. Should You?
Google and the NSA: Who’s holding the ‘shit-bag’ now?
Google announces Calico, a new company that will focus on health and well-being
Google at GitHub
Google backslides on federated instant messaging, on purpose?
Google bid pi billion dollars for Nortel patents (and lost)
Google blimps will carry wireless signal across Africa
Google breaks 2005 promise never to show banner ads on search results
Google buys Meebo
Google buys Zagat
Google can be used as a graphic calculator
Google challenges U.S. gag order, citing First Amendment
Google competitor DuckDuckGo says it's getting shut out
Google confirms Java and OpenSSL crypto PRNG on Android are broken
Google crackdown catches innocent devs in the crossfire
Google defends dropping chat federation with inaccurate comments
Google demos driverless cars
Google disables AdSense account of user for sharing free book via torrent
Google disables compression for OpenSSL in Chrome - SSL exploit coming?
Google discontinues support for IE7 in Google Apps
Google employee explains how they use sitemaps and how we can benefit from them
Google encrypts data amid backlash against NSA spying
Google finally has a 404 page that isn't ugly
Google gets license to test drive autonomous cars on Nevada roads
Google gives UK government “super flagger” status for YouTube
Google going its own way, forking WebKit rendering engine
Google has also indexed thousands of publicly accessible Panasonic webcams
Google has an iOS 6 Maps app awaiting approval
Google has indexed thousands of publicly accessible HP printers
Google has killed Android (the brand)
Google has lowered the price of the Nexus 4 by $100
Google humans.txt
Google indexes Stack Overflow at a rate of 10 requests per second
Google is FUBAR
Google is about to learn a tough lesson
Google is defragging Android
Google is making a huge and annoying mistake
Google is working on integrating terminal emulator into Chrome
Google just approved our first CyanogenMod phone
Google just launched prizes.org
Google killed me
Google knows nearly every Wi-Fi password in the world
Google launches Compute Engine
Google made my son cry
Google maps 8bit quest mode. A setup for 4/1 perhaps?
Google maps cut prices by 88%
Google now treats .io as a gccTLD
Google open sources "Contracts for Java"
Google open sources key piece of Street View technology
Google open sourcing voice and video engine for the web
Google paid AdBlock Plus to get its ads whitelisted
Google paper comparing performance of C++, Java, Scala, and Go [PDF]
Google permanently bans popular application from Play for not using IAP
Google rejects White House request to pull Mohammad film clip
Google releases Games for Google+
Google releases Glass source code, declares platform open to hackers
Google releases OnePass, a payment system for publishers
Google releases full Android 4.0.1 source code, includes Honeycomb too
Google releases snappy, the compression library used in Bigtable
Google reminds users to "Call Dad", makes users angry
Google removes AdBlock for Android from Google Play
Google responds to the Mocality blog post
Google rips Senate's online piracy bill: 'This is what is wrong with Washington'
Google rolls out algorithm change in the US
Google search and search engine spam
Google shares hit $1,000 after strong earnings
Google shows off Android 3.0, the 'Entirely for Tablet' Honeycomb (video)
Google switches GTalk's VOIP protocol to Jingle
Google takes down profile pic because someone was flipping the bird
Google threatens to cut ties with Chamber of Commerce over Protect-IP lobbying
Google throws open doors to its top-secret data center
Google timer
Google to Acquire Nest
Google to Buy Artificial Intelligence Startup DeepMind for $400M
Google to Launch Groupon Competitor
Google to Launch Major New Social Network Called Circles, Possibly Today
Google to Microsoft: Remove your YouTube App from the Windows Phone Store
Google to Retire Blogger & Picasa Brands in Google+ Push
Google to Sell Heads-Up Display Glasses by Year’s End
Google to acquire Motorola
Google to announce "new programming language for structured web programming"
Google to default to SSL version for logged in users
Google to offer for-pay Translate API
Google tracks you. We don't. An illustrated guide
Google tried to resist FBI requests for data, but the FBI took it anyway
Google turns on "Download Gmail Archive" feature
Google uncovers major account-hijacking campaign targeting senior US officials
Google vows to fight antipiracy bill even if passed
Google will protest SOPA using home page
Google wins book-scanning case: judge finds “fair use,” cites many benefits
Google's "Bacon number" search
Google's "free food" is not free
Google's Anti-SOPA & PIPA Page
Google's Autonomous cars complete 300,000 miles without an accident
Google's Backdoor Access System into Gmail Accounts
Google's Code Editor
Google's Common Lisp style-guide
Google's Decline Really Bugs Me
Google's HTML5 synthesizer for Moog's 78th birthday
Google's Kenyan ripoff?
Google's Nexus 4 smartphone sells out in the US in 50 minutes
Google's Shell Style Guide
Google's campaign for a free and open internet
Google's data centers are guarded by stormtroopers
Google's dropping H.264 in Chrome is not a step backward for openness.
Google's expert report in Oracle case explains complexities in plain English
Google's library for dealing with phone numbers (Java/JavaScript)
Google's text-to-speech engine randomly inserts phrase "he now praises the ipad"
Google+ Demo
Google+ Hacker News Circle makes Search plus Your World Amazing
Google+ Is Going To Mess Up The Internet
Google+ Opens to All
Google+ Project: It’s Social, It’s Bold, It’s Fun, And It Looks Good
Google+ can now hide your gender "in response to user feedback"
Google+ for iOS is out
Google+ gets a redesign
Google+ is Awesome. Facebook Maimed, Twitter Mortally Wounded?
Google+ is now available with Google Apps
Google+ is now larger than LinkedIn
Google+'s Real Goal is Not to Kill Facebook, but to Force it to Open
Google, what were you thinking?
Google.pl's crazy doodle
Google: Bing Is Cheating, Copying Our Search Results
Google: Do what you want with Reader, but don't kill CalDAV
Google: Hide sites to find more of what you want
Google: Les Pauls 96th birthday
Google: Let it snow
Google: The Beginning
Google: We’ve acquired Motorola Mobility
Google’s $179 Moto G puts every single cheap Android phone to shame
Google’s Jaw-Dropping Sponsored Post Campaign For Chrome
Google’s Management Doesn’t Use Google+
Google’s Marissa Mayer Tapped as Yahoo’s Chief
Google’s Web Search Quality. A picture is worth a 1000 words
Google’s decreasingly useful, spam-filled web search
Google’s iron grip on Android: Controlling open source by any means necessary
Google’s most advanced voice search has arrived on iOS
Google’s secret perk? A private hackerspace
Google’s suggestion for a better infinite scroll?
Google’s “20% time,” which brought you Gmail and AdSense, is now as good as dead
Googling for "conway's game of life" gives a simulation in the results page
Gorgeous Unreal Engine 4 brings direct programming, indirect lighting
Got 15 minutes and want to learn Git?
Got Hacking? Git Hacking.
Government Announces Steps to Restore Confidence on Encryption Standards
Government Chemist Tampered With 40,000 Cases
Government Says Secret Court Opinion on Law Underlying PRISM Must Stay Secret
Government Was Very Involved Helping RIAA/MPAA Negotiate Six Strikes
Government likely to open criminal probe into NSA leaks
Government: we can freeze Mega assets even if case is dismissed
Governments admit to faking terrorism: a list
Govt of India proposes to ban SSH (Or wants you to use 40 bit keys)
Grace Hopper
Grace Hopper on nanoseconds
Grad Student Who Took Down Reinhart and Rogoff Explains Why They're Wrong
Graphene: The perfect water filter
Grasshopper 100m Lateral Divert Test
Gravity Light - Alternative form of lighting to replace Kerosene
Gravity waves from Big Bang detected
Gray code at the pediatrician's office
Great Barrier Reef underwater panoramas in Google Maps
Great HN parody
Great books about mathematics
Great design from Apple on an interaction with Siri
Great jquery tutorial
Great work Visa, now I hate you
Great, Another Bootstrap Site
Greece defaults
Greedy Register Allocation in LLVM 3.0
Greek Yogurt’s Dark Side
Greetings from the Safari team at Apple Computer (2003)
Greplin (YC W10) open sources 10-15x faster protocol buffers for Python
Greplin hiring Javascript hacker - web, extensions, mobile, and Node
Grid (YC S12) Reinvents The Spreadsheet For The Tablet Age
Grid Style Sheets – CSS polyfills from the future
Groklaw legal site shuts over fears of NSA email snooping
Groklaw to continue with former Red Hat general counsel in charge
Group of Men Have Played Game of Tag for 23 Years
GroupMe acquired by Skype
GroupOn, LivingSocial engaging in questionable practices
GroupTalent - Hire Effective Teams. Not Individuals.
Groupcache: an alternative to memcached, written in Go
Groupon India sells Onion. Traffic crashes site.
Groupon Kidz Club
Groupon Restates Revenue, Revenue Fell In Half, COO Exits
Groupon falls below $20/share
Groupon files for IPO
Groupon is Effectively Insolvent
Groupon is a straight-up Ponzi scheme
Groupon is the next Madoff, except big iBanks helped it rob investors
Groupon leaks entire Indian user database
Groupon sales rep threatens restaurant with negative Yelp reviews
Groupon’s Strikeouts Reveal an Unspoken Truth
Grove.io: Hosted, Searchable IRC Chat For Teams
Growing From $5,000 to $25,000 in MRR
Grubwithus (YC W11) Brings Strangers Together Over Social Meals
Guardian Frontend – Source for the Guardian's responsive site
Guerrilla guide to CNC machining, mold making, and resin casting
Guide to Programming Clojure For Beginners
Guido van Rossum's Performance tips for Python
Guido van Rossum: Before Python
Gunshot detection system transforms and raises issues
Gunshot victims to be suspended between life and death
Guy Asks For Software Crack, Creator Provides Free App Instead
Guy Kawasaki: What I learned from Steve Jobs
Guy commits his genome to Github, smartass forks and issues a pull request
Guy makes a knife from scratch. He has to make a smelter first.
Guy unknowingly live tweets the Osama raid in Abbottabad
Guys buy island on Craigslist, use Kickstarter to turn it into artist community
Gzip + poetry = awesome
Gödel and the limits of logic
H-P's One-Year Plan
H2 {position: sticky} [video]
H5N1
HBGary planned to "blow the balls off Nmap"
HBO Decides It Still Isn't Difficult Enough To Watch HBO Shows
HBO No Go
HBO cuts the cord, brings streaming-only service to Europe
HD 555 to HD 595 mod (or: how Sennheiser cripples cheaper headphones)
HIV-Infected Infant Cured With Early Use of AIDS Drugs
HKSAR Government issues statement on Edward Snowden
HN Plays 2048
HN Podcast #1: Kickstarter, Raspberry Pi, And Instagram
HN is 6 today. Here's traffic since the beginning
HN is Becoming 2005 Slashdot
HN now comes with HTTPS?
HN now serving a million page views on weekdays
HN statistics
HN supports SPDY
HN will be down Saturday morning while we switch servers
HN's Daeken will expose security flaw in 4m hotel room keycard locks
HN: Amit Gupta hasn't found a marrow transplant match; today's your last chance.
HN: I'm building a TC alternative. Will you share your startup's story with me?
HN: Please replace grayarrow.gif with Unicode character ▲
HNSearch API Contest
HP introduces new Apple iMac
HP open sources Enyo javascript framework from webOS, now cross platform
HP plans to release first memristor, alternative to flash and SSDs in 18 months
HP to Contribute webOS to Open Source
HTC sides with consumers: No more locked bootloaders in Android phones
HTC wins swipe to unlock patent dispute against Apple
HTC's delays in releasing Linux source code are unacceptable
HTML + CSS3 is Turing complete
HTML Email Boilerplate
HTML is almost 100% responsive out of the box
HTML4 logo
HTML5 Boilerplate v2.0 released
HTML5 Boilerplate v4.0.0
HTML5 Features you need to know
HTML5 Flash Player (Shumway) lands in Mozilla
HTML5 Genetic Cars
HTML5 Map of the the World Migrations using SVG, Raphael.js and offline storage
HTML5 game written in 0 lines of JS
HTML5 localStorage allows sites to fill up users' hard disks
HTML5 terminal
HTML9 Responsive Boilerstrap JS
HTTP 2.0
HTTP 2.0: GTFO (General Termination of Future Operations)
HTTP 308 Incompetence Expected
HTTP Security headers you should be using
HTTP Status Code for Legally-restricted Resources
HTTPie: A cURL-like tool for humans
Hack Hardware with inPulse (YC W11) - Fall intern
Hack your way through Stripe's Capture the Flag
Hack: a new programming language for HHVM
Hackathon Starter – Boilerplate for Node.js web application
Hackathons are bad for you
Hackathons are nonsense
Hacked
Hacked Gmail Account
Hacked memo leaked: Apple, Nokia, RIM supply backdoors for government?
Hacked: commit to rails master on GitHub
Hacker Barnaby Jack has died
Hacker CS: The Khan Academy of Computer Science.
Hacker News All-Time Top Links
Hacker News Analysis
Hacker News Data Analysis
Hacker News Fires Steve Yegge
Hacker News Folks Get Long Overdue Thanks
Hacker News For Africa
Hacker News Front Page Snapshot from Last Night
Hacker News Like Button
Hacker News Needs Honeypots
Hacker News Parody Thread
Hacker News Redesign
Hacker News Search
Hacker News Web App for Mobile
Hacker News app for Android (with login, voting, and commenting)
Hacker News comments I'm tired of seeing
Hacker News down, unwisely returning HTTP 200 for outage message
Hacker News is a social echo chamber
Hacker News is depressing
Hacker News supports browsing with a points threshold
Hacker Shows It Doesn’t Take $8 Million to Clone Qwiki
Hacker Who Helped Expose Steubenville Could Get More Prison Time Than Rapists
Hacker news for data scientists
Hacker puts a video cam on an RC truck and saves the lives of 6 soldiers
Hacker sends this through the mail to record a video of the process
Hacker with iPhone takes over Times Square screens
HackerBuddy
Hackers Can Kill Diabetics w/ Insulin Pumps? Facts vs. Fear Mongering
Hackers have a twisted sense of humor. Watch this: if you laugh, you're one
Hackers needed to help build the “Wikipedia of everyone, ever” at 1000memories
Hackful - A Hacker News for Europe
Hacking Flappy Bird with Machine Learning
Hacking Github with Webkit
Hacking Hacker News
Hacking Hacker News Headlines
Hacking The Status Game
Hacking an ATM
Hacking and defeating Google's reCAPTCHA with a 99% accuracy
Hacking language learning
Hacking ls -l
Hacking my Vagina
Hacking the Used Car Purchase
Hacking the iPod: How I Earned $65K in High School
Hackruiter (YC S10) Launches Hacker School
Hadoop Reaches 1.0
Hair
Hal Finney: Bitcoin and me
Half an operating system: The triumph and tragedy of OS/2
Half of China's millionaires want to leave country
Half of all Tor sites compromised, Freedom Hosting founder arrested
Half the Facts You Know Are Probably Wrong
Half-Life 2 released for Steam on Linux
Halo Creator Unveils Its Next Masterpiece, a Persistent Online World
Ham Sandwich Nation: Due Process When Everything Is a Crime
Handbook of Text manipulation on Unix
Handling Growth with Postgres
Handsontable - Excel-like table editor in HTML & jQuery
Handwriting to LaTeX maths
Hang Around with People who Get Shit Done
Hans Reiser: former genius, convicted murderer and future mad scientist?
Happy 20th birthday Debian
Happy 20th birthday, Linux
Happy Birthday Vim, The Venerable Text Editor Turns 20
Happy New Year!
Happy Programmers' Day
Happy ending: @N has been restored to its rightful owner
Happy new year and goodbye bzip2
Hard Core: What Porn's Ubiquity Says About Men and Women
Hard drive hack provides root access, even after reinstall
Hardest captcha ever?
Hardware is dead
Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality
Harvard cracks DNA storage, crams 700 terabytes of data into a single gram
Harvard's 1899 Entrance Exam [pdf]
Has StackOverflow saved billions of dollars in programmer productivity?
Has the US become the type of nation from which you have to seek asylum?
Hasbro offers free merchandise to blogger, sends lawyers instead.
Hashify.me - store entire website content in the URL
Hashify: what becomes possible when one is able to store documents in URLs?
Haskell Lenses In Pictures
Haskell powered companies
Haskell web programming (a simple tutorial)
Hastebin
Hate Java? You’re fighting the wrong battle.
Have I been pwned? Check if your email has been compromised in a data breach
Have You Ever Tried to Sell a Diamond? (1982)
Have a .com web address? Know the legal risks
Have you ever chatted with a hacker within a virus?
Have you ever printed a boarding pass?
Having a Servant Is Not a Right
Hawala
He got 1%, we can't hire him
Head of Marketing (Employee #1) @ YC Startup
Heading Out on Your Own: 31 Life Skills in 31 Days
Heart Surgery in India for $1,583 Costs $106,385 in U.S.
Heirloom Chemistry Set
Helios
Hello Backbone.js - A step-by-step tutorial
Hello Chrome, it’s Firefox calling
Hello Downloader
Hello Firefox, this is Chrome calling
Hello. I'm a compiler
HelloFax (YC W11): Sign And Send Faxes From Your Browser, Without The Hassle
HelloFax (w2011) is seeking its first hire. Help make the world paper free.
HelloRun - A WebGL 3D Game
Help Fight Patent Trolls – Support the SHIELD Act
Help HN: Developer laid off 5 days before Christmas, have kids
Help Kiera with her legal bills
Help Reddit build a recommender
Help build the worlds biggest gaming social network at Heyzap (YC W09)
Help find a bright object on Mars
Help me distribute $100,000 to new entrepreneurs in Africa
Help, I’m on the IRS hit list
Helsinki’s personalized bus service is like Uber for public transit
Hemingway makes your writing bold and clear
Hemingway, Hounded by the Feds
Herd Immunity Demonstration
Here come the encryption apps
Here is Godaddy’s statement in support of SOPA
Here is a thing that happened
Here is today
Here is why vim uses the hjkl keys as arrow keys
Here's how I deal with users who steal
Here’s what I learned hanging out with Jason Fried
Here’s who probably did that $150 million Bitcoin transaction
Here’s why we keep getting hacked – clear and present Billabong failures
Hermit: a font for programmers, by a programmer
Heroku - Bamboo Routing Performance
Heroku Blog: Routing Performance Update
Heroku Fucking Console
Heroku Isn't for Idiots: developer time and comparative advantage
Heroku architecture
Heroku for Java
Heroku is down again
Heroku's AWS outage post-mortem
Heroku's Ugly Secret: The story of how the cloud-king turned its back on Rails
Hex, Lies and Startups
Hexagon 16384
Hexagonal grids for games
Hey Apple, Please Be Nice and Share MacRuby
Hey Google, I want my cache links back
Hey Google, thanks for making my daughter cry.
Hey Paydirt: Your Site Works Just Fine In IE
Hey developers, stop forcing me to login to unsubscribe
Hey, Bethesda Let’s settle this
Hi I’m Hank, and I bought a bus
Hidden Egyptian pyramids founds through infra red satellite images
Hidden gems in Mac OS X
Hiding Nobel prizes in plain sight
Hiding your data in plain sight: USB hardware hiding
Higgs Boson Explained by Cartoon
High Court: The Pirate Bay must be blocked by UK ISPs
High Frequency Dating
High Performance Networking in Google Chrome
High Speed Trains are Killing the European Railway Network
High court challenge to law that puts public-domain works back under copyright
High school grad builds 8-bit computer from scratch
High-dimensional spheres are "spikey"
High-fructose corn syrup prompts considerably more weight gain than sugar (2010)
High-resolution images of a molecule as it breaks and reforms chemical bonds
Highly Successful Bootstrapped Startups
Hijack - iPhone Sensors Thru Audio Jack
Hijacking airplanes with an Android phone
Hikikomori: Why are so many Japanese men refusing to leave their rooms?
Hilarious HN Spoof
Hillbilly Tracking of Low Earth Orbit Satellites
HipChat is now free for teams of 5 users or fewer
Hipmunk for the iPhone - here's how we built it
Hipmunk now indicates which flights have Wi-Fi
Hipster (like Path) uploads your address book emails to its servers
Hiring Developers: You're Doing It Wrong
History made in India: Govt agrees to anti-corruption bill
History of version control - 10 astonishments
Hit men, click whores, and paid apologists: Welcome to the Silicon Cesspool
Hitchhiker's Guide to Python
Holding a Program in One's Head (2007)
Hollywood Kills Republicans' Copyright Reform
Home-made bombs are being sent to physicists in Mexico
Home-made robot doing a perfect quadruple backflip [video]
Homeland Security Issuing Its Own DMCA Takedowns On YouTube To Stifle Speech
Homemade GPS Receiver
Homeowner forecloses on Wells Fargo office, becomes folk hero
Honest Android Games
Honestly.com – Not acting so honestly
Honeywell Files Patent Lawsuit Against Smart Thermostat Developer Nest
Hoodie: very fast web app development
Horseshit - Joshua Topolsky responds to MG & Gruber
Hosni Mubarak finally steps down
Hospital creates bidding war by posting pricing online
Host Your Static Website on Amazon S3
Host me in California
Host webpages on Google Drive
Hostnames
Hotel Wifi JavaScript Injection
Hotz fires a powerful blast back at Sony's California jurisdictional claims
House Fails to Extend Patriot Act Spy Powers
House tells FCC to drop net neutrality
Hover.com: we store & email passwords in plaintext for usability
How 'One Weird Trick' Conquered The Internet
How (not) to sell your iOS app
How (not) to write Factorial in Java
How 1 HN post compelled me to leave Intuit and create a new startup for startups
How 30 days without social media changed my life
How A $19 Million Movie Makes $150 Million - And Still Isn't Profitable
How A Pull Request Rocked My World
How AT&T, Verizon, and Comcast are working together to screw you
How Academia and Publishing are Destroying Scientific Innovation
How Advanced Is the NSA's Cryptanalysis, and Can We Resist It?
How Advertisers Convinced Americans They Smelled Bad
How AirBnB Became a Billion Dollar Company
How Amazon’s ambitious new push for same-day delivery will destroy local retail
How Apple Sidesteps Billions in Taxes
How Apple Works
How Apple and Amazon Security Flaws Led to My Epic Hacking
How Basecamp Next got to be so damn fast without using much client-side UI
How Billionaire Asteroid Miners Make Money -- Without Mining Asteroids
How Bitcoin Works
How Blender started, twenty years ago
How Browsers Work
How Browsers Work: Behind the Scenes of Modern Web Browsers
How Can A Free Conference Call Be Free?
How Can Anyone Still Hate Bill Gates?
How Can the New York Times Endorse an Agreement the Public Can't Read?
How Carrots Became the new Junk Food
How Copyright Enforcement Robots Killed the Hugo Awards
How Covert Agents Infiltrate the Internet to Manipulate, Deceive
How D3 Selections Work
How Daft Punk Created One of Their Most Famous Samples
How Dangerous Is Your Couch?
How Dave Goldberg Built a Billion-Dollar Business and Still Gets Home By 5:30 PM
How Depressives Surf the Web
How Did the Duck Hunt Gun Work?
How Doctors Die
How Dogecoin changed my perspective on cryptocurrency
How DuckDuckGo got in Time's best websites
How Egypt Switched Off The Internet
How Elite Firms Hire: The Inside Story
How Emacs changed my life
How Exercise Can Calm Anxiety
How Exercise Fuels the Brain
How Expedia Buys Its Way To The Top Of Google
How FPGAs work, and why you'll buy one
How Facebook Ships Code
How Facebook is ruining sharing
How Facebook pushes updates to the site
How Far Can You Get From McDonald's?
How Forbes Stole a New York Times Article and Got All The Traffic
How France’s Free will reinvent mobile
How Geniuses Think
How GitHub No Longer Works [video]
How GitHub Works: Be Asynchronous
How Github has changed the open source world
How Github uses Github to build Github
How Gmail’s New Inbox Is Affecting Open Rates
How Google Authorship decreased our traffic by 90%
How Google Builds Its Maps
How Google Sliced Away Our Knife Ads
How Google is Killing Organic Search
How Google keeps employees by treating them like kids (2006)
How Hacker News Completely Changed My Life
How Hacker News ranking really works: scoring, controversy, and penalties
How HackerNews ruined my morning
How Hackers Stole 200,000 Citi Accounts Just By Changing Numbers In The URL
How Homakov hacked GitHub & the line of code that could have prevented it
How Hotel Reservations Work
How I Automated “Finding Almost Anyone’s Email Address”
How I Became a Programmer in ~12 Weeks
How I Busted a Thief Who Tried to Sell My Camera on Craigslist
How I Collect Passwords
How I Created the Iconic iPhone Sound
How I Develop Things and Why
How I Earned A Lot More on Projects by Changing My Pricing Strategy
How I Ended Up In Solitary After Calling 911 For Help
How I Failed, Failed, and Finally Succeeded at Learning How to Code
How I Fell in Love with a Schizophrenic
How I Fired Myself
How I Got Fired from the Job I Invented
How I Got Kicked Out of Y Combinator and Then Raised $1.5m for My Startup
How I Got My First 1000 Users in 1 Day
How I Got a 2x Speedup With One Line of Code
How I Hacked Any Facebook Account Again
How I Hacked Facebook’s Secure Files Transfer Service for Employees
How I Hired Someone On Craigslist And Quadrupled My Productivity
How I Learned Enough Ruby On Rails In 12 Weeks To Launch Freelancify
How I Learned to Defrag My Brain
How I Learned to Live Google-free
How I Learned to Program
How I Learned to Stop Procrastinating, and Love Letting Go
How I Learned to Work a Room
How I Lost My $50,000 Twitter Username
How I Made $19,000 on the App Store While Learning to Code
How I Made $350 In Two Days With Three Pages and Some Payment Code
How I Made $600K in the iOS Education Market (2012 update)
How I Made My First 100 Sales
How I Made Porn Video Streaming More Efficient with Python and C
How I Quickly Test and Validate Startup Ideas
How I Raised $350k as a Solo Founder using these 4 Email Templates
How I Screwed Yasser Arafat out of $2mm (and lost $100mm in the process)
How I Store My 1's and 0′s: ZFS + Bargain HP Microserver = Joy
How I Structure My Flask Applications
How I Tricked Myself Into Being Awesome
How I Turned Down $300,000 from Microsoft to go Full-Time on GitHub
How I Turned Down $300,000 from Microsoft to go Full-Time on GitHub (2008)
How I Wrote and Self-Published a Book: Step by Step
How I almost killed Facebook
How I attacked a fellow student
How I attacked myself using Google and I ramped up a $1000 bandwidth bill
How I automated the boring parts of life
How I built a Hacker News mobile web app
How I coached a basketball team in Afghanistan and what went wrong
How I coded in 1985
How I compiled TrueCrypt 7.1a for Win32 and matched the official binaries
How I converted a software thief into a customer
How I cracked my neighbor's WiFi password without breaking a sweat
How I created and launched a website from the Internet café in Zimbabwe
How I faced my fears and learned to be good at math
How I got a $3,500 USD Facebook Bug Bounty
How I got into YC as a non-technical single founder
How I got robbed of 34 btc on Mt.Gox today
How I got sued by Facebook (2010)
How I hacked Github again
How I helped destroy Star Wars Galaxies
How I introduced a 27-year-old computer to the web
How I learned to stop giving advice
How I live on $7,000 per year
How I lost access to my Google account today
How I lost my faith in Lisp
How I made $10k in one day with Facebook Ads
How I made $500k with machine learning and high frequency trading
How I made Stripe as easy to use as Paypal in 5 days
How I made an HDTV antenna so I could watch Jeopardy last night
How I manage 40 people remotely
How I name my apps
How I negotiated my startup compensation (with numbers)
How I resurrected my MacBook Pro by putting it in the oven
How I retired in 9 years on a corporate programmer salary
How I reverse engineered my bank's security token
How I sent 300k emails through Github's API in a matter of minutes
How I spend my first 5 minutes on a server
How I thought I wanted to become a digital nomad
How I went from $100-an-hour programming to $X0,000-a-week consulting
How I've Made 200,000$ in the iOS Education Market - Figures
How Ink Is Made
How Instacart (YC S12) Hacked YC
How Iron Maiden found its worst music pirates - then went and played for them
How I’m Making Five-Figures A Month Off Bootstrapped Products
How Japanese Kids Learn To Multiply
How Karma Should Be Measured
How Khan Academy is using machine learning to assess student mastery
How Lavabit Melted Down
How Linux 3.6 Nearly Broke PostgreSQL
How Lisp is Going to Save the World
How Little Sleep Can You Get Away With?
How Long Have I Got Left?
How Mailinator compresses its email stream by 90%
How Microsoft Pays Big Money To Smear Google In European Parliament
How Microsoft handed the NSA access to encrypted messages
How Money Moves Around The Banking System
How Much Does a Single Search Cost Google?
How Much Is an Astronaut's Life Worth?
How Much Money I Made From Side Projects In 2010
How Much Surveillance Can Democracy Withstand?
How My Popular Site was Banned by Google
How My School and District Failed its Students
How My Start-Up Failed
How Netflix Reverse Engineered Hollywood
How Newegg crushed the “shopping cart” patent and saved online retail
How Not To Sell Software in 2012
How Not To Sort By Average Rating
How Not to Design a Home Page
How One Missing `var` Ruined our Launch
How Organized Spam is Taking Control of Google's Search Results
How Paypal and Reddit faked their way to traction
How Perceptual Hashes Work
How Pixar Almost Lost Toy Story 2 To A Bad Backup
How Pixar Bosses Saved Their Employees from Layoffs
How Porsche hacked the financial system and made a killing (2009)
How Poverty Taxes the Brain
How Quake (the videogame) changed my life forever.
How Radians Work in 30 Seconds
How Reddit went from a second-tier aggregator to the Web’s unstoppable force
How Reddit's cofounders built Reddit with an army of fake accounts
How Running A Business Changes The Way You Think
How Russian Tycoon Yuri Milner Bought His Way Into Silicon Valley
How SQLite is tested
How Search Works
How Silicon Valley CEOs conspired to drive down tech engineer wages
How Software Companies Die by Orson Scott Card (1995)
How SoundCloud built its new single-page main website using Backbone.js
How Spotify Works
How Steve Jobs handles trolls (WWDC 1997)
How Studying Body Language Changed the Way I Socialize
How Stuxnet was deciphered
How Super Mario Bros. 3 was made
How Syria Turned Off the Internet
How Target Figured Out A Teen Girl Was Pregnant Before Her Father Did
How Tesla is Circumventing Dealerships
How The FCC Plans To Destroy GPS – A Simple Explanation
How The Hell Is This My Fault?
How The Kernel Manages Your Memory
How Tide Detergent Became a Drug Currency
How Tim Cook is changing Apple
How To Accept Bitcoin On Your Website
How To Avoid Getting Fired From Your Own Company
How To Be Happy Anywhere
How To Become A Better Programmer By Not Programming
How To Become a Successful Freelance Web Developer (and Not Kill Your Career)
How To Build a Naive Bayes Classifier
How To Count A Billion Objects Using Only 1.5KB Of Memory [Probabilistically]
How To Deconstruct Almost Anything (1993)
How To Do A Startup On The Side And Not Lose Your Family
How To Get Media Coverage For Your Startup: A Complete Guide
How To GitHub: A Complete Guide to Forking, Branching, Squashing and Pulls
How To Hire Me (or any other programmer)
How To Make Trillions Of Dollars
How To Make a Quick Buck
How To Package Your Python Code
How To Safely Store A Password
How To Scale a Development Team
How To Set Up Your Linode For Maximum Awesomeness
How To Strip DRM from Kindle E-Books and Others
How To Train Your Robot
How To Use Amazon EC2 as Your Desktop
How To: Spend your investors’ money
How Trello is different
How U.S. Lost Out on iPhone Work
How Valve hires, how it fires, and how much it pays
How We Bootstrapped a $20K Website into a $4M/year Business
How We Got Owned by a Few Teenagers (and Why It Will Never Happen Again)
How We Made Github Fast (2009)
How We Make Trello
How We Nearly Lost the Discovery Shuttle
How We Went from 30 Servers to 2: Go
How Western Diets Are Making The World Sick
How Y Combinator Started
How Yoga Can Wreck Your Body
How Your Brain Becomes Addicted to Caffeine
How Zappos' User Agreement Failed In Court and Left Zappos Legally Naked
How a 19-Year-Old Raised $5 Million to Revolutionize Search
How a 3 week business trip to the US got reduced to 3 hours
How a Boat-Plane Hybrid Shattered the Sound Barrier of Sailing
How a Car Engine Works
How a Google Headhunter’s E-Mail Unraveled a Massive Net Security Hole
How a Light Saber Works
How a Math Genius Hacked OkCupid to Find True Love
How a Mexican Drug Cartel Makes Its Billions
How a banner ad for H&R Block appeared on Apple.com without Apple’s OK
How a big movie studio (unfairly) forced a student to give up his senior thesis
How a computer boots up
How a language can be faster than C
How a player with a “useless” item almost took down EVE Online’s entire economy
How a random bug in Deep Blue may ultimately have led to Kasparov's defeat
How a rogue appeals court wrecked the patent system
How a simple comment on Hacker News made me quit my job and launch a startup
How about some Android graphics true facts?
How airline reservations are used to target illegal searches
How an Illinois rest stop inspired a web page
How an unsigned rapper changed music
How and Why Mixpanel Switched from Erlang to Python
How and why I run my own DNS servers
How automatic transmission almost made sperm whales extinct
How can C Programs be so Reliable?
How can C Programs be so Reliable? (2008)
How can one manage thousands of IF…THEN…ELSE rules?
How can we get Google Support?
How cork is made
How crackers ransack passwords like “qeadzcwrsfxv1331”
How did academic publishers acquire these feudal powers?
How did the New York Times manage to spend $40 million on its pay wall?
How do GameShark/GameGenie codes work?
How do I “think in AngularJS” if I have a jQuery background?
How do keys work? Explained in one Gif
How does Facebook disable Developer Tools?
How does SOPA threaten Stack Overflow?
How does SSL work?
How does Trello access the user's clipboard?
How far can you overhang blocks?
How far the once-mighty SourceForge has fallen
How fast could you travel across the U.S. in the 1800s?
How fast is the Internet at Google? Mind blowing.
How github was hacked
How in-app purchases have destroyed the game industry
How is Docker.io different from a normal virtual machine?
How key-based cache expiration works
How long do disk drives last?
How misaligning data can increase performance 12x by reducing cache misses
How much money are you earning from your software products?
How much money can you make in the iOS App Store?
How much usage can a Lego piece take before it loses its 'clutch power'?
How multi-disk failures happen
How my comment on TechCrunch got me a Facebook Cease and Desist
How my iPhone made me miss my first flight of the year
How not to ask questions at a conference
How not to check the validity of an email address
How not to design a CAPTCHA
How not to protect against SQL injection (view source)
How not to send password reset notification email
How not to write an API
How not using Internet Explorer put me out of touch and cost me dearly
How one man escaped from a North Korean prison camp
How one man tracked down Anonymous—and paid a heavy price
How one man turns annoying cold calls into cash
How pCell works and why its a bigger deal than anyone realizes
How phone batteries measure the weather
How printers and Photoshop detect and refuse to process images of currency
How prostitution and alcohol make Uber better
How reddit became reddit - the biggest smallest community online
How reddit tried to solve the "new link" problem. Why HN doesn't need a new algo
How rel=nofollow Works
How rich kids already won the career game
How secure is Linux's random number generator?
How should I behave as a developer in a project that's headed for failure?
How text editing on the iPad should be
How the .0001% Made Its Money
How the Bitcoin protocol actually works
How the CIA Used a Fake Sci-Fi Flick to Rescue Americans From Tehran (2007)
How the Curiosity Rover's Nuclear Battery Works
How the EVE Online Servers Deal with a 3,000 Person Battle
How the FBI raided Anonymous
How the FRA is Regulating Passenger Rail Out of Existence
How the Maker of TurboTax Fought Free, Simple Tax Filing
How the NSA Plans to Infect “Millions” of Computers with Malware
How the NSA Threatens National Security
How the Norwegians Reacted to Terrorism
How the Plummeting Price of Cocaine Fueled the Nationwide Drop in Violent Crime
How the R-project is taking over statistical analysis software
How the U.S. government poisoned alcohol during Prohibition
How the US Treasury imposes sanctions on me and every other "Stephen Law"
How the iPhone mail app decides when to show you new mail
How the medical supply industry blocks device startups from selling to hospitals
How three pacifists were convicted as terrorists
How tiny wasps cope with being smaller than amoebas
How to "open" a microchip and what's inside?
How to Ace Calculus: The Art of Doing Well in Technical Courses
How to Acquire a Domain Name (That Someone Already Owns)
How to Advertise on a Porn Website
How to Apologize
How to Beat Procrastination
How to Become a Must-Have
How to Burn Out Programming
How to Choose Colours Procedurally
How to Choose a Profitable Niche
How to Conquer Tensorphobia
How to Contribute to Open Source without Being a Programming Rock Star
How to Convince Investors
How to Corrupt an SQLite Database File
How to Cure Deep Procrastination
How to Detect a Toxic Customer (2010)
How to Download Your Instagram Photos and Kill Your Account
How to Draw a Circle
How to Email Busy People
How to Fold a Julia Fractal
How to Force Facebook into Handing-Over their Secret Tracking Data
How to Get Good at Chess, Fast
How to Get Good at Making Money
How to Get PayPal to Freeze Your Account in Four Easy Steps
How to Get Startup Ideas
How to Get a Job as a Developer in Less Than Six Months
How to Get a Raise
How to Hire
How to Hire a Programmer
How to Insult a Computer Scientist
How to Launch a 65Gbps DDoS, and How to Stop One
How to Learn Emacs: A Hand-drawn One-pager for Beginners
How to Learn JavaScript Properly
How to Learn to Write iOS Apps
How to Level Up as a Developer
How to Make It on Craigslist
How to Make Money in 6 Easy Steps
How to Make Perfect Thin and Crisp French Fries (2010)
How to Make Text Look Interesting: Minimalist Web Design
How to Make Trillions of Dollars
How to Make Your Site Look Half-Decent in Half an Hour
How to Make Yourself Work When You Just Don’t Want To
How to Make a Computer Operating System in C/C++
How to Make and Use a Transparency Grenade
How to Participate in Hacker News
How to Quit Your Job, Move to Paradise, and Get Paid to Change the World
How to Raise Money
How to Read Mathematics
How to Rock an Algorithms Interview
How to Save 90% on your S3 Bill
How to Sell your Company
How to Spread The Word About Your Code
How to Tango with Django: A Python Django Tutorial
How to Think
How to Train Your Brain to Remember Everything
How to Write Good iOS Apps
How to add a new syntactic feature to PHP
How to be 100% sure your startup idea is good
How to be a Programmer: A Short, Comprehensive, and Personal Summary
How to be interesting (2006)
How to be more productive
How to beat Apple
How to beat comment spam
How to become Batman
How to become Internet famous for $68
How to build (and how not to build) a secure “remember me” feature
How to build a data mining web app?
How to build a news app that never goes down and costs you practically nothing
How to build a windmill
How to build an 8x8x8 LED cube
How to build great products
How to build toddler app UIs.
How to contribute to an open source project: look for TODOs in code
How to cope with the Gmail redesign
How to crawl a quarter billion webpages in 40 hours
How to create 2D visibility/shadow effects for your game
How to damage your brand in one smooth shot - Way to GoDaddy
How to date a supermodel (or get dealflow or find cofounders)
How to design a class
How to directly upload files to Amazon S3 from your client side web app
How to explain your game to an asshole
How to find startup ideas that make money
How to get $12 billion of gold to Venezuela
How to get bias into a Wikipedia article
How to get hired (or, 'The silly story of interviewing in the valley')
How to get into Y Combinator
How to get rid of old stuff, sell it for more, and use Amazon as cheap storage
How to get that native iOS feel with PhoneGap
How to get your IP unbanned on HN
How to get your first 10 customers
How to get your startup on Hacker News
How to hack the beliefs that are holding you back
How to hack yourself a standing desk - an illustrated guide
How to handle 1000s of concurrent users on a 360MB VPS
How to hire an idiot
How to implement an algorithm from a scientific paper
How to improve your programming skills
How to kill an unresponsive SSH session
How to know when someone is in trouble in the water
How to land an airplane if you are not a pilot
How to lose $172,222 a second for 45 minutes
How to lose time and money
How to make $100k in Open Source by working hard
How to make wifi work at tech conferences
How to nap
How to overcome resistance to work
How to parse a sentence and decide if to answer "that's what she said"?
How to properly plagiarize a website
How to put your logo in a QR code
How to read Korean in 15 minutes
How to remain secure against NSA surveillance
How to remove yourself from all background check websites
How to replace 30 laptops (and $10,000) with 150 sheets of paper
How to seem good at everything: Stop doing stupid shit
How to self-educate if you lack a formal design education
How to send DMs on Twitter without permission
How to send and reply to email
How to set up a safe and secure Web server
How to share your data effectively
How to solve the problem that the topmost comments get all upvotes
How to speed up the Android Emulator by up to 400%
How to steal Bitcoins that are protected by weak passphrases
How to steal a Russian airport
How to stop SOPA: Don't build it.
How to stop Time Warner Cable sucking at Youtube
How to stop feeling lonely
How to stop hospitals from killing us
How to take advantage of Redis just adding it to your stack
How to tell your mother and bosses why they should protest surveillance
How to terminate your worst enemy's Dropbox account for only $795
How to trap a whistleblower
How to travel around the world for a year
How to travel around the world for a year (2011)
How to use Gmail to destroy your relationship with your investors and customers
How to watch the Olympics, live, from the United States
How to work from home without going insane (purple monkey dishwasher)
How to work remotely as a software developer
How to work with Software Engineers
How to work with me - a no BS approach
How to write a Linux device driver
How to write a great research paper [pdf]
How to write a simple operating system
How traffic actually works
How we came back after being shut down in four days
How we fed ourselves for a year & sold a startup...with only 300 lines of code
How we found the file that was used to Hack RSA
How we gave colors names and it messed with our brains (part II)
How we got the unusual symbol used for the Mac menu command key
How we hacked Facebook with OAuth2 and Chrome bugs
How we keep GitHub fast
How we reduced our cancellation rate by 87.5%
How we screwed (almost) the whole Apple community
How we tripled our revenue by adding one button
How well does Khan Academy teach?
How would I get started?
How you eat corn on the cob predicts whether you're an analyst or algebraist
How zsh is more useful than bash
How's my SSL?
Howdoi – Instant Coding Answers via the Command Line
Hstore development for 9.4 release
Html5please
Https URLs posted in private Skype chats visited by Microsoft
Huge water reserve discovered in Kenya
Huginn, an Open Source IFTTT / Yahoo Pipes
Hum
Human Brain Project: $1.61 billion to achieve human brain emulation by 2024
Human-Powered Helicopter Wins the $250,000 Sikorsky Prize
Humans.txt, like robots.txt, but for humans.
Humble Bundle #3 is Live
Humble Indie Bundle 5: pay what you want for video games
Humble Indie Bundle 8
Humble eBook Bundle
Hummingbird – A fresh take on music notation
Hungry Academy - get paid to learn Ruby
Hunting Down My Son's Killer
Hunting Hydrogen Balloons with Fireworks
Hurricane on Saturn
Hyperloop
Hyperloop Alpha [pdf]
Hyperloop: Not so fast
Hyperpolyglot: PHP, Perl, Python, Ruby
I Am A Ukrainian, This Needs To Go Viral
I Am An Object Of Internet Ridicule, Ask Me Anything
I Am Not Satoshi
I Am Worried About The Future Of Python
I Am a Bad Developer
I Bought A Firetruck
I Bought An Apartment To Rent Out On Airbnb
I Can Be Just As Capable. Let Me.
I Can Crack Your App With Just A Shell (And How To Stop Me)
I Crashed a Wall Street Secret Society
I Don't Have Time
I Don't Understand
I Don't Understand What Anyone Is Saying Anymore
I Don't Want To Be Part of Your Ecosystem
I Don't Want Your Fucking App
I Don't Want to be a Teacher Any More
I Don’t Need No Stinking API: Web Scraping For Fun and Profit
I Got Myself Arrested So I Could Look Inside the Justice System
I Guess I'm Not A 501 Developer
I Have 50 Dollars
I Hope My Father Dies Soon
I Hope Yahoo Crushes Facebook
I Just Gave Up $4000 Per Month to Keep My Freedom of Speech
I Knew a Programmer Who Went Completely Insane
I Know What You Think of Me
I Learned to Speak Four Languages in a Few Years: Here’s How
I Like PHP
I Paid a Bribe
I Saw An Extremely Subtle Bug Today And I Just Have To Tell Someone
I Sold The Magazine, Too
I Spent A Coin (And I Liked It) — How I Bought Lunch in Manhattan with Bitcoins
I Still Don't Want To Be Part of Your Fucking Ecosystem
I Think You're Fat (2007)
I Think Your App Should Be Free
I Transcribed Glenn Greenwald's 30C3 Keynote
I Up Vote Every 'Show HN' Post and You Should Too
I Want To Unsubscribe, Not "Manage My Preferences"
I Was Just Told “You would not have made it through the weekend”
I Was a Political Prisoner at Birth in North Korea
I Was a Warehouse Wage Slave: Inside the online-shopping shipping machine
I Wasn't Paid
I Wasn’t Prepared to Work
I also stand up for Stallman
I am a developer, yet I outsource the development of my startup
I am a great programmer, but horrible algorithmist
I am a programmer
I am a terrible programmer
I am an HFT Programmer
I am depressed and I need someone to talk to
I am done with the freemium business model
I am not an introvert. I am just busy
I am nothing
I am under surveillance by Canadian agents, my computer has been backdoored
I am very real
I analyzed the chords to 1300 popular songs for patterns. This is what I found.
I appeared on CNN this morning to talk about why I'm not buying Facebook (CISPA)
I bootstrapped a $10 million company and need serious help
I bought a webOS device and went to Taiwan. This is what I learned.
I built a resume-padder and earned $700 in the process
I cannot afford to go back to engineering school
I conceal my identity the same way Aaron was indicted for
I did the scariest thing I can imagine: I resigned
I don't "get" art
I don't hire unlucky people
I don't know how to IE6
I don't know, Timmy, being God is a big responsibility
I don't learn anything on HN anymore, bring back the upvote count
I don't program in my spare time. Does that make me a bad developer?
I don't want to download your app
I dropped over 40 grand when I could have spent $100
I emailed the CEO of T-Mobile and he killed my contract
I feel I am building a new Google Wave
I feel like Gmail went from being Photoshop to Draw Something
I finally understand why I'm not allowed to use Lisp
I fixed a bug in Python
I flew on a plane without going through security. It was amazing and no one died
I fought my ISP's bad behavior and won
I found Prezi's source code
I got hired at a Bangladesh sweatshop. Meet my 9-year-old boss [video]
I got into YC after applying 6 times. Here's my advice for YC applicants
I had no idea how to make custom maps, so I learnt by doing. You should too.
I have 404,772 users. Now what?
I have Crohn's, an incurable digestive disease, and built Crohnology
I have a bad feeling about this
I have no idea what I'm doing
I have seen the future and I am opposed
I hereby resign
I introduced my 5yo and 2yo to startx and xmonad. They’re delighted.
I just got meta-copied
I knew exactly how she felt
I know someone whose 2-factor phone authentication was hacked...
I love async, but I can't code like this
I love you, dad
I made $200K and PayPal locked my account
I made an example app to show how Google map URLs should look
I made progress bars using only CSS3. You can use them for free.
I moved to Singapore
I never finish anyth
I only know PHP. How do I write a Web application in Python?
I own a domain that a big corporation wants to sue me into acquiring. Help
I pitched YC, was rejected, just closed a multi-million dollar round.
I ported LaTeX to Javascript
I put my family business on Facebook. Here’s what happened.
I quit my high-paying job to follow my dream of launching a startup. Here it is.
I quit my job
I quit my job last March and it was a bad idea.
I quit my job, and I'm excited about a more independent life
I quit my job, and am building Tindie fulltime
I regularly hire women for 65% to 75% of what males make
I sent a balloon up to capture 360x180 degree imagery/video from 100K feet
I skateboarded 85km from Sydney to Wollongong. It took me 12 hours
I sued a telemarketer and got $4,000
I swapped my MacBook for an iPad+Linode
I take illegal drugs for inspiration
I think tumblr has a huge security hole
I too know the websites you visited
I took "abusing the HTML5 History" to the next level.
I took the $300K
I understood gender discrimination once I added “Mr.” to my resume
I wanna work at Instagram
I want the world to scroll this way
I want to pay for TextMate 2
I was annoyed with sites asking for too many Facebook privileges and made this
I was on BloombergTV talking SOPA today - how'd I do?
I was once a Facebook fool
I was struck by lightning yesterday—and boy am I sore
I was the worst coder in the room...
I will build your prototype
I will not do a tech interview
I wish I’d thought of that. Operation Starbucks
I work for The Internet now
I worked on the US drone program. The public should know what really goes on
I would rather drink piss like Bear Grylls than log in with Facebook
I wrote BozoCrack to show why plain MD5 is a horrible way to hash passwords.
I wrote the Anarchist Cookbook in 1969. Now I see its premise as flawed
I'd like to use the web my way, thank you very much Quora
I'll tell you why movie revenue is dropping...
I'm Building a GitHub for Writers
I'm Giving Up Reading for a Year
I'm Not Japanese
I'm Pirating the Next Version of Windows
I'm Ready To Help NSA Whistleblower Edward Snowden Seek Asylum
I'm Sure It Will Only Take You A Few Days To Code
I'm a cargo cult programmer, help me
I'm a designer who learned Django and launched her first webapp in 6 weeks
I'm a former Miso engineer and the founders screwed me out of 10k
I'm a loser and I want to change that - now
I'm a phony. Are you?
I'm a pregnant hacker. Please review my side project.
I'm a shut-in. This is my story
I'm an American and I want to watch the Olympics. What do I do?
I'm burning out and I can't tell anyone
I'm creating a website to promote early stage sites and ideas
I'm disappointed by Instacart
I'm graduating with a CS degree but I don't feel like I know how to program
I'm learning to code by building 180 websites in 180 days. Today is day 115
I'm sorry
I'm starting to think LEGO is evil
I'm the guy who bought 259684 Bitcoins for under $3000 yesterday
I'm turning 30 and I've produced no amazing art.
I've got 10 btc for the best CoffeeScript/JavaScript Nodewar bot
I.B.M. Reports Nanotube Chip Breakthrough
IAmA a malware coder and botnet operator, AMA
IBM 1959 Job Post
IBM creates breathing, high-density, light-weight lithium-air battery
IBM develops 'instantaneous' memory, 100x faster than flash
IBM to Acquire SoftLayer
IBM's "Watson" finally ready for prime-time Jeopardy
IBM's Watson Memorized 'Urban Dictionary,' Then His Overlords Had to Delete It
IBM's Watson starts on Jeopardy Tonight
IBM's infamous "Black Team"
IBM: The cost difference is too great for business not to look for H1B workers
ICANN Approves generic top-level domains
IE11 to support WebGL
IE6 Usage Falls to Under 1% in U.S.
IE9 deletes stuff
IE9 vs. Firefox 4 (done in canvas)
IEEE Refuses to Accept Public-Domain Papers?
IFTTT forced to remove Twitter triggers to comply with new API policies
IKEA or Death-Metal
IKamasutra: Apple Hates Brunettes
IOS 4 vs. 5, Pixel by Pixel (jp)
IOS 5's "Cleaning" Behavior
IOS App Store Submission Checklist - anything else to add?
IOS Boilerplate: A base template for iOS apps
IOS Integration Testing by Square
IOS RAGE rendered with WebGL
IOS app success is a lottery: 60% (or more) of developers don't break even
IPad 2 gets glasses-free 3D display using front-facing camera for head tracking
IPad 2 introduces new headphone jack
IPhone 4 films final Discovery launch from 30,000 feet up.
IPhone 4 in pure CSS3
IPhones and 3G iPads log your location in an unencrypted file on the device
IPv4 is depleted: Final five blocks allocated to registries
IPv6 Attack Kills Mac OS X and makes Windows Server 2012 restart in Seconds
IPv6 Day Has Started
IPython gets $1.15M funding
IRC Networks Under Systematic Attack From Governments
IRS Says Bitcoin Is Property
IRS claims it can read your e-mail without a warrant
IRecognition: I am no longer Apple's Target Market
ISO C is increasingly moronic
ISP Walks Out of Piracy Talks: “We’re Not The Internet Police”
ISPs to start policing copyright by July 12
ISS Commander Chris Hadfield Covers ‘Space Oddity’ in Space
ISS crew successfully capture SpaceX Dragon Capsule (06:56 EST)
ITU Approves Deep Packet Inspection Recommendation
ITerm 2
ITerm2 1.0 Released
ITunes 11 and Colors
IV: Don't Mind Our 2000 Shell Companies, That's Totally Normal
Iain Banks dies of cancer aged 59
Ice
IcedCoffeeScript
Iceland Kicked Out FBI Agents Who Flew in Unannounced to Investigate WikiLeaks
Icelandic Pirate Party enters parliament
Icon Ambulance
Iconic – An Icon System Designed for the Modern Web
Iconic: Advanced icons for the modern web
Icons (including free for commercial use)
Id Software Open Source releases on GitHub
Id Software founder John Carmack resigns
Idaho law criminalizes secretly filming on farms
Ideas
Ideas Matter
Ideas don’t make you rich. The correct execution of ideas does.
Ideas for Computing
Ideas on how to improve customer conversion and ease of use
Identical Droplets in the DigitalOcean: Regenerate your Ubuntu SSH Host Keys now
Idiomatic Clojure with LightTable
Ie6countdown.com – a wolf in sheep's clothing
Ie7-js
If Android is a "stolen product," then so was the iPhone
If Dropbox Used GitHub’s Pricing Plan
If Everyone Else is Such an Idiot, How Come You're Not Rich?
If Hemingway wrote JavaScript
If I Launched a Startup - Cheat Sheet
If I Made Another Monkey Island...
If I get hit by a truck...
If I was your cloud provider, I'd never let you down
If It Ain't Broke, Don't Fix It: Ancient Computers in Use Today
If Only I Knew This Shit in College
If PHP Were British
If PRISM is Good Policy, Why Stop with Terrorism?
If Software Is Eating The World, Why Don't Coders Get Any Respect?
If TV Companies Released Authorized Torrents With Ads, Would You Download Them?
If The Moon Was Only 1 Pixel
If We Told You That, We Would Have to Shoot You
If You Don't Prioritize Your Life, Someone Else Will
If You Don’t Think You Need It, You Haven’t Seen Greatness
If You Used TorMail, the FBI Has Your Inbox
If You're Too Busy to Meditate, Read This
If You’re Busy, You’re Doing Something Wrong
If You’re Going To Kill It, Open Source It
If a Drone Strike Hit an American Wedding We'd Ground Our Fleet
If iPads are “post-pc devices” why must I sync with iTunes before I can use one
If malware authors ever learn how to spell we're all screwed
If the Earth were 100 pixels wide
If this then that
If this were a pill, you’d do anything to get it
If you applied to YC this cycle, please put your email address in your profile
If you can't remember why onions are in there, take 'em out.
If you develop web apps, don't do this.
If you ever feel alone in this...
If you move your mouse continually the query may not fail. Do not stop moving
If you run a contest as a startup, don't be dishonest. JPEGmini scammed me.
If you use Google+, you could become an ad next month
If you want reproducible science, the software needs to be open source
If you want to get rich, stop being a fucking joker
If you were involved in the OpenGL ES specification, you are an idiot
If you're applying this cycle: How to Apply to Y Combinator
If you're in Boston without phone service, use this website to call your family
If your client has a problem with a site, send them here and ask for details
If you’re trying to hack/deface a website, don’t submit a pull request
Ifs and &&s and Plan 9's Source Code
Ignored by big companies, Mexican village creates its own mobile service
Illegal Engineering
Illegal Numbers
Illinois judge: law barring recording police is unconstitutional
Illustrated Calculus Textbook
Image Ad Blending Works Really, Really Well
Image Background Removal
Imagine K12
Implementing a JIT Compiled Language with Haskell and LLVM
Implore HN: Celebrate and encourage young developers who post here
Important Kickstarter Security Notice
Important languages to learn to understand different approaches and concepts
Impossible for the HN crowd: Do nothing for 2 minutes
Impress.js - a Prezi like implementation using CSS3 3D transformations
Impressive html5/css3 clock; no Flash.
Improvements in Windows Explorer - Building Windows 8
Improving Your Python Productivity
Improving the security of your SSH private key files
In 1951 there was a children's U-238 Atomic Energy Lab playset for $50
In 2005 Motorola Tried to Sue Me For Unlocking Phones
In 8 months at Microsoft, I learned these things
In Almost Every European Country, Bikes Are Outselling New Cars
In CSS, “px” is not an angular measurement and it is not non-linear
In California, a Champion for Police Cameras
In China, the rich and powerful can hire body doubles to do their prison time
In Fifty Days, Payments Innovation Will Stop In Silicon Valley
In Head-Hunting, Big Data May Not Be Such a Big Deal
In India, 'no frills' hospitals offer $800 heart surgery
In Lieu of Money, Toyota Donates Efficiency to New York Charity
In Math You Have to Remember, In Other Subjects You Can Think About It
In Memoriam: Christopher Hitchens, 1949–2011
In Praise of Bad Steve
In Response to SOPA, Reddit Meshnet Project picks up steam
In Search of the Cookie Dough Tree
In Secret, Court Vastly Broadens Powers of N.S.A.
In Week Two, Marissa Mayer Googifies Yahoo
In a First, an Entire Organism Is Simulated by Software
In case SOPA passes: IP addresses of popular websites
In defense of &lt;canvas&gt;
In defense of the Google chef
In emergency cases a passenger was selected and thrown out of the plane (2004)
In memory of Aaron, bulk XML of every federal and state law and court ruling
In praise of... text files and protocols
In the 1970s, Congress investigated intelligence abuses. Time to do it again?
In the UK? Strange browser behaviour? You might be being IWF’d.
In the Wake of Aaron Swartz's Death, Let's Fix Draconian Computer Crime Law
In the future, all space marines will be Warhammer 40K space marines
Inbox.py: SMTP for Humans
Inception Explained: a really cool scrolling animation of the plot
Increasing Public Access to the Results of Scientific Research
Increasing Your Luck Surface Area and Yes, the Big Dogs Read Hacker News
Incredible Secret Money Machine
Incredibox - Background music for programming.
Indescribable numbers: The theorem that made me fall in love with math
India Graduates Millions, But Too Few Are Fit to Hire
India Manages to Free Itself of Polio
India Supreme Court rejects Novartis' right to patent new version of cancer drug
India's Nuclear Scientists Keep Dying Mysteriously
Indian GSLV successfully lofts GSAT-14 satellite
Indian Government uses special powers to slash cancer drug price by 97%
Indian Railways stations, trains and schedules database in JSON and SQL formats
Indian Railways, live on Google Maps
Indian School Girl Creates Washing Machine That Runs Without Electricity
Indian drug company slashes crucial medicine prices by 76%
Indiana Jones journal mystery solved
India’s elites have a ferocious sense of entitlement
Indie iOS Devs Under Legal Fire For Offering In-App Purchases
Indiegogo fund raises enough money to buy video of Mayor Rob Ford smoking crack
Induction powered LED lit engagement ring
Induction: A Polyglot Database Client For Mac OS X
Inequality in Equalland
Infectious disease doesn't care why you're unvaccinated
Infinite Copyright Is Killing Culture
Infinite Gangnam Style
Infinite Mario in HTML5
Infinite complexity in 4096 bytes
Ingo Molnar on what ails the Linux desktop
Injectable oxygen keeps people alive without breathing
Innovation and the Bell Labs Miracle
Inserting Artificial Objects into Photographs
Inside An Illegal Party In An Abandoned Subway Station Deep Under NYC
Inside DuckDuckGo, Google's Tiniest, Fiercest Competitor
Inside Google Spanner, the Largest Single Database on Earth
Inside NASA’s Mysterious Rubber Room
Inside Nick Denton's phony, hypocritical class war against tech workers
Inside Stripe
Inside TAO: Documents Reveal Top NSA Hacking Unit
Inside Team Romney’s whale of an IT meltdown
Inside the Guardian’s CMS: meet Scribe, an extensible rich text editor
Inside the Secret World of the Data Crunchers Who Helped Obama Win
Insight From Dropbox: Failure Is Not The Worst Outcome, Mediocrity Is
Inspired by XKCD:903, Wikipedia steps to philosophy
InstaCSS: the CSS docs you always wish you had
Instacart (YC S12) wants to be Amazon with 1 hour delivery
Instagram
Instagram Asking For Your Government Issued Photo IDs Now, Too
Instagram Engineering Challenge: The Unshredder
Instagram Founder’s Girlfriend Learns How To Code For V-Day, Builds Lovestagram
Instagram for Android — Available Now.
Instagram is "worth" more than the New York Times
Instagram is acquired by Facebook
Instagram says it now has the right to sell your photos
Instagram's official response
Installing VLC Media Player voids your speaker warranty
Instant CSS, JS, HTML or DOM documentation
Instant Company
Instantly Add Chat To Hacker News
Instantly create beautiful GitHub project pages
Intel Core 2 Duo Remote Exec Exploit in JavaScript
Intel In Bed with NSA?
Intel Reinvents Transistors Using New 3-D Structure
Intel XDK: An HTML5 development IDE
Intel significantly speeds up graphics under Linux (X.org)
Intel's "cripple AMD" function (2009)
Intellectual Ventures on This American Life
IntelliJ IDEA 13 is Released
Interaction & Visual Designer Wanted
Interactive Guide to Blog Typography
Interactive Resume
Interactive SICP
Interactive map of Linux kernel
Interactive visualization of commute times for all US cities
Interesting C code
Interesting Windows Desktop UI Concept
Interesting but lesser known data structures
Interesting new Unix commands/binaries in OS X Mountain Lion
Interface Design with a Homeless person
Internal FBI risk assessment of Bitcoin network [pdf]
InternalFrameInternalFrameTitlePaneInternalFrameTitlePaneMaximizeButtonPainter
International Obfuscated C Code Contest Winners
Internet Archive Starts Seeding 1,398,875 Torrents
Internet Explorer 11: “Don’t call me IE”
Internet giants place full-page anti-SOPA ad in NYT
Internet giants, you’re no longer startups, get some customer service
Internet predictions from 1982
Interns: Everything you need to know about a summer in the Bay Area in one place
Interview Street (YC S11) streamlines the search for great programmers
Interview of Glenn Greenwald [video]
Interview with Alan Kay
Interviewing as a Front-End Engineer in San Francisco
Intro to Social Hacking: How we lowered our cancellation rate by 90%
Introducing "Python for Android"
Introducing /run
Introducing AWS Elastic Beanstalk
Introducing Amazon Cloud Drive
Introducing Amazon Silk
Introducing Amazon Simple Email Service
Introducing Android Studio
Introducing Backer: crowd funding for features
Introducing Bing Code Search for C#
Introducing BitTorrent Torque
Introducing Boxen
Introducing Brick: Minimal-markup Web Components for Faster App Development
Introducing BrowserID: A better way to sign in
Introducing Chrome for Android
Introducing Collusion: Discover who’s tracking you online
Introducing Contributions
Introducing DuckDuckHack
Introducing GNU Guix
Introducing GitHub Enterprise
Introducing GitHub Sudo Mode
Introducing Go by Example
Introducing Google Drive... yes, really
Introducing Google+ Sign-In: simple and secure, minus the social spam
Introducing Graph Search
Introducing Grunt
Introducing Heka
Introducing HelloSign for Gmail
Introducing Instapaper 4.0 for iPad and iPhone
Introducing Login and Pay with Amazon
Introducing Mozilla Firefox Accounts
Introducing Mozilla Persona, An Identity System for the Web
Introducing Neo900
Introducing NowJS or "How to make a chat server in 12 lines of code"
Introducing OneNote for Mac
Introducing Open Salaries at Buffer
Introducing Outlook.com - Modern Email for the Next Billion Mailboxes
Introducing Paper
Introducing Pinry, a self-hostable Pinterest.
Introducing Pow, a zero-configuration Rack server for Mac OS X
Introducing Prompt. Nice SSH for iOS.
Introducing Prose: A Content Editor for GitHub
Introducing Quip
Introducing Sodium, a new cryptographic library
Introducing Stripe UK
Introducing Syte, An open sourced personal site that has social integrations
Introducing T: A command-line power tool for Twitter
Introducing Tent - the decentralized social web
Introducing The New IFTTT
Introducing The Paper Bay
Introducing TogetherJS
Introducing WebAPI
Introducing a new data structure, streams, in Javascript
Introducing ccv, a modern computer vision library
Introducing government.github.com
Introducing our smart contact lens project (for diabetics)
Introducing schema.org: Search engines come together for a richer web
Introducing the 4chan API
Introducing the Backbone.js Boilerplate
Introducing the Command Bar
Introducing the File Finder
Introducing the HUD. Say hello to the future of the menu
Introducing the New Commodore 64
Introducing the New GitHub Graphs
Introducing the Rails API Project
Introducing the Redesigned Bitbucket
Introducing the USB Stick of Death
Introducing the new compose in Gmail
Introducing the ‘mozjpeg’ Project
Introduction to Artificial Neural Networks – Part 1
Introduction to Computer Science with Python [pdf]
Introduction to Gnome 3
Introduction to Go 1.1
Introduction to Guitar
Introduction to Machine Learning
Introduction to Position Based Fluids
Introduction to Recommender Systems
Introduction to the Mill CPU Programming Model
Introduction to x64 Assembly
Intuitive explication of Fourier Transformation
Inventing Chromebook
Inventing a Soccer Ball for Poor Countries
Inverse Fizzbuzz
Inverted totalitarianism
Investing in GitHub
Investment Firm Y Combinator Goes on Offensive Against Hollywood
Investment increases your risk
Investor Herd Dynamics
Investors
Ioerror's tweets after yet another detention (this time in Texas)
Ionicons – Free and beautiful icons, MIT licensed
Iran Shuts Down Major Websites and Https Protocol
Iran forged the wrong SSL certificate
Iranian Web Programmer’s Death Sentence to Be Carried Out Any Moment
Iranian nuclear program hacked, made to play AC/DC
Iron Ring
Irrational Games (Bioshock Infinite) is shutting down
Is Berlin the new home for tech start-up business? [video]
Is Godaddy delaying domain transfer requests?
Is Google Burying Firefox With User Agent Strings?
Is Google building a hulking floating data center in SF Bay?
Is Haskell the Cure?
Is IE9 a modern browser?
Is Intelligence Self-Limiting?
Is It Journalism, or Just a Repackaged Press Release? Here's a Tool to Help
Is My MacBook Pro Always Listening?
Is Psychology About to Come Undone?
Is Scheme Faster than C?
Is SpaceX changing the rocket equation?
Is Sugar Toxic?
Is That Review a Fake?
Is There Anything Good About Men?
Is This The Girl That Hacked HBGary?
Is graphene a miracle material?
Is it OK to hold credit card numbers in cookies, Santander?
Is it better to turn up the volume in the software or on the speakers?
Is it hard to build a web app that makes at least $1000 a month?
Is it normal to get hundreds of break-in attempts per day?
Is it true that you can't tweet "Get Better."?
Is speed reading really possible?
Is the use of “utf8=✓” preferable to “utf8=true”?
Is this what it’s supposed to feel like?
Isaac Asimov - The Foundation Trilogy
Isaac Asimov Predicts in 1964 What the World Will Look Like in 2014
Isaac Asimov on Security Theatre.
Isaac Asimov's predictions for what the world will be like in 2014
Isaacs: try/catch is an anti-pattern
Isotope - An exquisite jQuery plugin for magical layouts
Israel to destroy Palestinians' solar panels
Issac Asimov: What Is Intelligence, Anyway?
Issue 224182 - chromium - Chrome wakes me up in the middle of the night
Issue 8788 - Every day around 9 AM Brussels time, huge drop in GAE performance
It Flies: Da Vinci's Dream Comes True
It Is Time For Basic Income
It Takes 6 Days to Change 1 Line of Code
It all began with a strange email
It is cheaper to fly to US than buy Adobe software in Australia
It takes three years to build a business
It's 2012 and your kids have an iPhone - Do you know where they are? I do.
It's 2012, HTML5 is awesome, and I'm surfing a PDF
It's More Important to Be Kind Than Clever
It's OK for Apple to block Firefox, but wrong when Microsoft does it
It's Playtime - Light Table Playground released
It's Time to Fix HTTPS
It's a Dumbphone, But It's the Nicest Dumbphone You Can Buy
It's a long life in the small Valley
It's all who you know?
It's like JSON. but fast and small.
It's not a talent shortage, it's a hiring problem
It's not just Flash for Mobile, Flex is dead too
It's official: developers get better with age. And scarcer.
It's time to break up the NSA
Italy and the euro: On the edge
It’s Not China; It’s Efficiency That Is Killing Our Jobs
It’s Not a Bubble, People; It’s a Pyramid Scheme
It’s OK to make an extra $2k per month if you’re a programmer. Here’s how.
It’s Official: HP Kills Off webOS Phones and the TouchPad
It’s Time to Make OpenStreetMap Your Only Street Map
It’s the end of the web as we know it
It’s the founding CEO’s job to personally email the first 1000 users
It’s time all clinical trial results are reported
It’s time for Silicon Valley to ask: Is it worth it?
Ivo – a reimagined Unix terminal system
Ivy League school janitor graduates with honors
Ixoth
I’m Bill Gates, co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. AMA
I’m Bored. What’s Next?
I’m Done Developing for Twitter
I’m Sick of Tiny, Tiny Type
I’m Thinking. Please. Be Quiet.
I’m Tired Of Companies Ripping off our site, So I’m Calling Them Out
I’m an Engineer, Not a Compiler
I’m done with the web
I’m tired of the opportunists and their hackathons
I’m writing my own OS
I’ve been suspended from Google+
JDK 8 Release Notes
JPEG image glitching / corruption
JPL director: Curiosity may have found organic, not biological molecules
JQuery 1.5 Released
JQuery 1.5 released: .sub(), ajax rewrite, speed improvements, more
JQuery 1.5.1 released, includes full IE 9 support
JQuery 1.6 released
JQuery 1.6.2 syntax error? You may be the victim of SEO.
JQuery 1.7 Released
JQuery 1.8 Released
JQuery 2.0 Drops Support for IE6/7/8; API-Compatible with jQuery 1.9.
JQuery 2.0 Released
JQuery Annotated Source
JQuery Events: Stop (Mis)Using Return False
JQuery Mobile 1.0
JQuery Scroll Path - Scroll a page along a custom path
JQuery Transit - CSS3 animations for jQuery
JQuery Waypoints - execute a function whenever you scroll to an element
JQuery knobs
JQuery plugins site accidentally deleted - last backup one year old.
JRuby 1.6.0 Released: Now with Ruby 1.9.2 Support
JS roguelike game: The Royal Wedding
JSON API
JSON users: Avoid CSRFs by not using top-level arrays
JSON will be a core type in PostgreSQL 9.2
JSON: The JavaScript subset that isn't
JSONSelect
JSTOR torrent
Jack Daniels writes the politest cease and desist notice ever.
Jack Dorsey does 8 hours at Twitter, 8 hours at Square daily
Jack Dorsey: Today Starbucks Signed up for Square
Jack Tramiel, founder of Commodore, dies at age 83
Jail Looms for Man Who Revealed AT&T Leaked iPad User E-Mails
Jam With Chrome
James Cameron begins deepest dive
James Cameron champions faster film projection rates (from 24 to 60 fps)
James Gosling joining Google
James Gosling witnesses and blogs Reno airshow crash.
Japan Airlines' CEO pays himself less than the pilots, takes the bus to work
Japan's Strict Building Codes Saved Lives
Japanese breakthrough will make wind power cheaper than nuclear
Jason Fried: Why I Run a Flat Company
Java 7 is now available
Java 8 Lambdas
Java 9 with GPU processing, Java 10 will be all-OOP without primitives
Java Hangs When Converting 2.2250738585072012e-308
Java Virtual Machine in pure Node.js
Java Vs. JavaScript
Java's Comb-Over
JavaScript ( (__ = $ + $)[+$] + ({} + $)[_/_] +({} + $)[_/_] )
JavaScript Allongé is free
JavaScript Garden
JavaScript Isn't Scheme
JavaScript Needs Blocks
JavaScript is Dead. Long Live JavaScript
JavaScript is Not Web Assembly
JavaScript mp3 decoder allows Firefox to play mp3 without flash
JavaScript particle simulator
JavaScript right on the hardware
JavaScript: Clarifying The Keyword ‘this’
JavaScript: The Right Way
Javascript Bitcoin Miner
Javascript Frameworks Are Amazing and Nobody Is Happy
Javascript apps can be fully crawlable
Jb’s story about how he nearly lost his Twitter handle
Jedberg leaves reddit
Jeff Atwood On Parenthood
Jeff Bezos Finds Apollo 11 Rockets
Jeff Bezos commissioning a giant clock to last 10,000 years.
Jeff Bezos on Post purchase
Jekyll 1.0 Released
Jenkin developers accidentally do "git push --force" to over 150 repos on github
Jeopardy Champion Ken Jennings Q&A about IBM Watson
Jeremy Hammond sentenced to 10 years for Stratfor leak
Jerry Seinfeld's Productivity Secret
Jessamyn Smith: Fighting sexist jokes with a Python bot
Jessica Livingston: What Goes Wrong
JetBrains Doomsday Sale - 75% off for 24 hours only
JetBrains releases open-source Python IDE
Jetpants: a MySQL toolkit for managing billions of rows and hundreds of DBs
Jetstrap for Bootstrap
Jewish problems
Jim Weirich's final GitHub commit
Job placement program for top students in Stanford's online AI class
Jobs on the importance of saying "no"
Jobseekers Invited to “Apply Via API”
Joe Armstrong on Programmer Productivity
Joe Armstrong: Solving the wrong problem
Joe Armstrong: Why OO Sucks
Joe Biden tried to ban email encryption back in 1991
Joe Hewitt : I'm an indie developer now.
Joel Spolsky Launches Trello - Organize Anything Together
Joel Spolsky On Tech Hiring: Beware the Exploding Offer
Joel Spolsky is doing an IAmA on reddit
Joel Spolsky on allocating ownership in your startup
Joel Spolsky's Totally Fair Method to Divide Up The Ownership of Any Startup.
Joel Spolsky: Can your programming language do this?
Joel Spolsky: Lunch
Joey Hess' minimal approach
John Carmack discusses the art and science of software engineering
John Carmack is making a virtual reality headset
John Carmack joins Oculus as CTO
John Carmack on Static Code Analysis
John Carmack on the importance of Static Code Analysis
John Carmack starting port of Wolf 3D in Haskell
John Carmack's comment on Doom 3's code style
John Carmack: Latency Mitigation Strategies
John Carmack: Thoughts on Haskell [video]
John Gilmore: NSA obstructed development of IPSEC Crypto in Linux Kernel
John Hunter [matplotlib.sourceforge.net] has died.
John McAfee arrested in Guatemala
John McCarthy Has Died
John McCarthy: The Robot and the Baby
John Nash's Letter to the NSA
John Resig joins the Khan Academy
John Resig uses this
John Resig's ‘Secrets of the JavaScript Ninja’ has been released
John Resig, creator of jQuery, AMA.
John Resig: JavaScript as a First Language
John Resig: Redefining the Introduction to Computer Science at Khan Academy
John Resig: Secrets of the JavaScript Ninja Update
John Siracusa's Mac OS X 10.7 Lion Review
John Siracusa's OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion Review
John's Phone: a minimalist cell phone
Join Nowmov (W10) mobile team to replace your cable box with your iOS device!
Join Nowmov (YC W10) to unleash the potential of AirPlay in iOS 5
Join the largest online protest since SOPA to stop NSA spying
Joint Statement Regarding the Insolvency of Mt. Gox
Jolla
Jon Stewart Talks SOPA, at Last
Jon Stewart calls out congressional nerd bashing over SOPA
Jon Stewart: Lower entrepreneurial risk
Jonathan Coulton on MegaUpload and piracy
Jonathan Coulton strikes back by re-releasing his own song
Jonathan Ive on Steve Jobs and the fragility of ideas
Jonathan James
Jonathan's Card
Jonathan's Card revealed as viral marketing campaign
Jony Ive is Not a Graphic Designer
Jordanian citizen was denied re-entry to the US on eve of his PhD defense at JHU
Jotform domain seized by US due to user generated content
Journalist goes undercover making the iPhone 5 at Foxconn
Journalists Need To Start Asking About Storage, Not Access
Joyent Open Sources SmartOS: Zones, ZFS, DTrace and KVM
Joyent ending "lifetime" hosting accounts
Joyent: 54+ hours of downtime
JsDelivr – The advanced open source public CDN
JsPDF - HTML5 PDF generator
JsPlumb
Json ⊄ js
Judge Allows Sony to Unmask Anyone Who Visited GeoHot Site
Judge Alsup knows how to play a bluff
Judge Alsup learns to code and schools Oracle
Judge Denies Apple Request To Stop Amazon From Using "App Store"
Judge Finds Apple in Violation of HTC's Newly Acquired Patents
Judge Orders U.S. to Release Aaron Swartz’s Secret Service File
Judge Posner decries "excessive" copyright and software patent protections
Judge Posner: U.S. patent system out of sync
Judge Rules Against N.S.A. Bulk Collection of Phone Data
Judge Says Mathematical Algorithms Can’t Be Patented
Judge Wright issues Prenda Law order
Judge orders Google to comply with FBI's secret NSL demands
Judge sentences Bradley Manning to 35 years
Judge throws out entire Apple/Motorola case
Judge to serve 28 years after making $2 million sending children to jail
Judge.me - A Private Small Claims Internet Court
Judge: An IP-Address Doesn’t Identify a Person (or BitTorrent Pirate)
Julian Assange to run for Australian Senate
Julian Assange: Cryptographic Call to Arms
Julie Ann Horvath Describes Sexism and Intimidation Behind Her GitHub Exit
Julius Caesar's Last Breath
June 30th 2012 will be 1 second longer: 23:59:60
Junior - A Native-Looking and Feeling Mobile HTML5 Front-End Framework
Jurassic Park computer system in the browser
Jurors Need to Know That They Can Say No
Jury in Apple v. Samsung Goofed, Damages Reduced; What's Wrong With this Picture
Jury rules Google violated copyright law, Google moves for mistrial
Jury: Newegg infringes Spangenberg patent, must pay $2.3 million
Just 11% of 53 cancer research papers were reproducible
Just Delete Me
Just Delete Me – A directory of direct links to delete your accounts
Just Scroll
Just how big are porn sites?
Just the Facts: S&P's $2 Trillion Mistake
JustFab.com JustFabulous Class Action Lawsuit (2011)
Jwz: Google's pseudonym support "obvious bullshit"
KGPU — Accelerating Linux Kernel Functions with CUDA
Kal – a clean JavaScript alternative without callbacks
Kara Is Self-Aware
Karma - pay as you go data by sharing your hotspot
Kaspersky Antivirus 2009 source code leaked
Kaspersky: Duqu Trojan uses 'unknown programming language'
Kate Middleton’s Wedding Gown Demonstrates Wikipedia’s Woman Problem
Kathy Sierra: Your app makes me fat
Keccak wins the SHA-3 competition
Keep a static "emergency mode" site on S3
Keeping Instagram up with over a million new users in twelve hours
Keeping People
Keeping Safari a secret
Keith Alexander's Statement to the NSA Workforce
Ken Jennings takes AMA questions on Reddit
Kendo UI - a framework for modern HTML UI
Kenyan Women Create Their Own 'Geek Culture'
Kevin Rose Interviews Elon Musk
Kevin Rose Resigns From Digg, Closing Round On New Startup
Kevin Rose Will Join Google
Key Techdirt SOPA/PIPA Post Censored By Bogus DMCA Takedown Notice
Keybase.io
Keymaster.js: painless keyboard shortcuts for javascript
Keypress: A Javascript library for capturing input
Khan Academy Founder Proposes a New Type of College
Khan Academy Redesign
Khan Academy and BitTorrent Partner to Distribute Educational Videos
Khan Academy iPad app launched
Khan Academy: Computer Science
Khan Academy: It’s Different This Time
Khan of Khan Academy at TED (video)
Kicksend (YC S11) Launches To Make Sharing Big Files A Breeze
Kickstarter Is Totally Disrupting Consumer Electronics, Probably By Mistake
Kickstarter backers ready class action lawsuit against Code Hero dev
Kickstarter is Not a Store
Kickstarter passes $1B in pledges
Kickstarter vaporware of the day, Lifx edition
Kickstarter, Trademarks and Lies
Kickstarter: rails.app
Kicktrolling
Kid Automates Work, Is Fired, Hired Back, Automates Business
Kids can't use computers, and why it should worry you
Kids should be building rockets and robots, not taking standardized tests
Kids who spot bullshit, and the adults who get upset about it
Kiera Wilmot is going to Space Camp
Kiera Wilmot, student who caused small explosion, won't face charges
Kill Math
Kill the Snowden interview, congressman tells SXSW
Killer escaped prison after being issued picture of master key
Killing Your Startup on a Thursday Night
Killing cancer like the common cold
Killing the Internet to save Hollywood
Kiln
Kim Dotcom's new Mega project
Kim Dotcom: Joe Biden Ordered the Megaupload Shutdown
Kim Dotcom: The US Government is Wrong, Here’s Why
Kim Jong-il's Sushi Chef
Kima15: $150K for 15% in 15 days
Kind of Screwed
Kindle Fire pre-orders exceeding 2,000 per hour
Kindle MatchBook
Kindle Touch jail broken via ID3 Tag
Kindle edition of Effective Programming by Jeff Atwood (Coding Horror) for $0.00
King Candy Crushes Developers, The Saga
King.com, makers of Candy Crush Saga – Trademark Trolls with a Double Standard?
Kit Kat's homepage is currently a parody of Android announcement page
KitKat's new website
Klout Is Odious
Knossos: Redis and Linearizability
Knuth and the Unix Way
Knyle Style Sheets
Koa – Next-generation web framework for Node.js
Kofi Annan: Stop 'war on drugs'
Kogan imposes a tax on IE7 shoppers
Korean Beauty Contestants – Face Morphing
Krugman on BitCoin
L'Aquila quake: Italy scientists found guilty of manslaughter
L-Theanine: a 4,000 Year Old Mind-Hack
LG Smart TVs log USB filenames and viewing info to LG servers
LG TV logging filenames from network folders
LHC Physics Center bans Powerpoint, switches to whiteboard-only forums
LLJS: Low-Level JavaScript
LLVM 3.0 Released
LLVM 3.0 Type System Rewrite
LLVM Intermediate Representation is better than assembly
LLVM Tutorial
LNKD IPO opens huge at $83
LSD, Reconsidered for Therapy
LSD: The Geek's Wonder Drug
LaTeX Templates
Lacing Shoes
Lack of exercise kills roughly as many as smoking, study says
Laconic History of the World
Lamar Smith trying to quietly revive SOPA
Lambdas in C
Lamdu - towards the next generation IDE
Lamer News
Langton's ant
Lanyrd acquired by Eventbrite
Lanyrd: From idea to exit – the story of our startup
Large Investment in OpenStreetMap from Knight Foundation
Large-scale Amazon EC2 Outage
Larry Page "providing free flu shots to all San Francisco bay area kids"
Larry Page Begins Major Google Reorg: Engineers, Not Managers, In Charge
Larry Page Wants to Return Google to Its Startup Roots
Larry Page addresses PRISM
Larry Page on Steve Jobs
Larry Page posts about his voice
Larry Page to Googlers: If You Don’t Get SPYW, Work Somewhere Else
Larry Page's first blunder
Larry Page: I’d Rather Leave My Billions to Elon Musk Than to Charity
Last.fm co-founder: Apple just fucked over online music subs for the iPhone
LastPass Disclosure Shows Why We Can't Have Nice Things
Late bloomer, not a loser. (I hope)
Latency Compensating Methods in Client/Server Games
Latency Numbers Every Programmer Should Know
Latency numbers every programmer should know
Launch
Launch any browser/OS right from your desktop with Sauce for Mac
Launching your project to the world? Try these sites to get the word out
Lavabit Defied FBI Demands to Turn Over Crypto Keys, Documents Show
Lavabit Founder Says He Had ‘Obligation’ to Shut Service
Lavabit Proceedings Unsealed [pdf]
Lavabit SSL Cert Revoked
Lavabit abruptly shuts down
Lavabit founder Ladar Levison's promised big announcement
Lavabit needs your help to fight for the right to keep emails private
Lavabit's founder: 'If You Knew What I Know About Email, You Might Not Use It'
Lavabit.com owner: 'I could be arrested' for resisting surveillance order
Laws of Physics Can’t Trump the Bonds of Love
Lawsuit Filed To Prove Happy Birthday Is In The Public Domain
Lawyer attacking The Oatmeal shocked by big mean Internet’s reaction
LayerVault Sends DMCA Takedown Letter re Flat-UI
Lead Bullets
Leadership, Strategy and Qt
Leak shows EU's plans for large scale surveillance of all communications
Leaked AT&T Letter Demolishes Case For T-Mobile Merger
Leaked Documents Show the U.N.'s Internet Power Grab...
Leaked report shows high civilian death toll from CIA drone strikes
Leaked: Police Plan to Raid The Pirate Bay
LeakedIn
Leap
Leap second causing Linux server crashes?
Leap: A new gesture based interface for devices
Leaping Brain's "Virtually Uncrackable" DRM is just an XOR with "RANDOM_STRING"
Learn C
Learn C The Hard Way
Learn C The Hard Way by Zed Shaw
Learn Emacs Lisp in 15 minutes
Learn Emacs and Lisp with simple, bite-sized screencasts
Learn Git Branching
Learn Haskell Fast and Hard
Learn JavaScript
Learn Lua in 15 Minutes
Learn Python The Hard Way 2nd Edition Released
Learn R two minutes at a time
Learn Regex The Hard Way
Learn Vim Progressively
Learn Vimscript the Hard Way
Learn Web Design, Web Development, and iOS Development - Treehouse
Learn You a Haskell is now in print
Learn a Programming Language Faster by Copying Unix
Learn regular expressions in about 55 minutes
Learn to read a binary font by reading a story
Learn to read a sentence of Chinese in 3 minutes
Learn to remember everything: The memory palace technique
Learn to speak vim - verbs, nouns, and modifiers
Learning Advanced JavaScript
Learning C with gdb
Learning JavaScript - my experience and advice
Learning Modern 3D Graphics Programming
Learning Modern 3D Graphics Programming with OpenGL 3
Learning VIM while playing a game
Learning from 20 years of personal analytics
Learning from Twitter
Learning to Code: The Roadmap I Wish I Had Been Given
Leaving Github
Leaving Google
Leaving Google’s silo: Alternatives to Gmail, Talk, Calendar, and more
Leaving Microsoft
Leaving in a Huff
Left Alone by Its Owner, Reddit Soars
Left with Nothing
Legal Mistakes Made by Entrepreneurs
Legit. Git for humans
Lego Finds Discontinued Set For Boy Who Saved Up For 2 Years
Leiningen version 2.0.0 released
Leisure Suit Larry
Lemmings 404 page
Lemmings is 20 years old today
Lenovo Agrees to Buy IBM Server Business for $2.3 Billion
Lenovo CEO Gives His $3 Million Bonus to 10,000 Employees
Lenovo to acquire Motorola Mobility
Lenovo to buy Google's Motorola handset division
Lenticular Photo Used To Secretly Convey Hot Line Number To Abused Kids
Leslie Lamport awarded Turing Award
Less is exponentially more
Less is exponentially more (2012)
Lesser Known Ways to Persuade People
Lesser known cool features of HTML5
Lessig: Why Washington is corrupt
Lessons From a Coffee Entrepreneur
Lessons I wish I had been Taught
Lessons Learned Going from Zero to $30k/Month in a Year
Lessons Learned from YouTube’s $300M Hole
Lessons Learned: A Year with a Large AngularJS Project
Lessons Netflix Learned from the AWS Outage
Lessons for uncultured web developers
Lessons from 2 months of remote working
Lessons from GitHub's First Year
Lessons from a Design Legend (a before-and-after)
Lessons from a Silicon Valley job search
Lessons from working 6 months on a math problem and failing
Lessons in website security anti-patterns by Tesco
Lessons learned defying Joel Spolsky with Django
Lessons learned from cracking 2 million LinkedIn passwords
Lessons learned from my failed startup after 2 years, 300 users and 0 revenue
Let banks fail: Iceland’s plan looks to be working
Let me tell you about a game I made with the sole intention of watching it die
Let my Wi-Fi go: FCC rules Verizon can't charge for Wi-Fi tethering
Let's Build a Compiler
Let's Build an MP3 Decoder
Let's Not Call It "Computer Science" If We Really Mean "Computer Programming"
Let's black bar HN
Let's build a Tesla museum (The Oatmeal initiative)
Let's have coffee.
Let's just use Emacs
Let's make GitHub better, together
Let's make TCP faster
Letter From A Psychopath
Letter To A Young Programmer Considering A Startup
Letter from Loretto - A Prison Letter from a CIA Whistleblower
Letter from Steve Wozniak to a high school student in Korea
Letter from a psychopath
Letter heads, by Firefox labs
Letter to John Carmack
Letter to MIT community regarding support of students behind ‘Tidbit’
Let’s Build a Future Without Cars
Let’s help Airbnb rebuild the bridge it just burned
Let’s mug a startup founder
LevelDB: A Fast Persistent Key-Value Store
LevelDB: a fast and lightweight key/value database library
Lexical Distance Among the Languages of Europe
Libya Shuts Down Internet
Libya turns off its internet: this time it's a flatline
Licensing of Titanium chaotic and unclear
Lies, Damn Lies and LIBOR
Life Below 600 Pixels
Life Without Photoshop
Life as a Second Class Citizen of the Web
Life at a startup
Life beyond HTTP 1.1: Google’s SPDY
Life is a game, this is your strategy guide
Life lessons learned in travelling the world for 8 years straight
Life on the Command Line
Life's too short to write shitty software
Lifehacks from 100 Years Ago
Lifestyle programming
Light Table - a new IDE concept
Light Table 0.4 released
Light Table Playground Levels Up
Light Table is in YCS12
Light Table is now open source
Light Table is on Kickstarter
Light Table reaches 0.1.0
Light Table reaches funding goal of $200k
Light Table's Numbers, And What's Happening Next
Light completely stopped for a record-breaking minute
LightTable detailed critique: Concept vs Reality
Lightning captured at 7,207 images per second
Lights
Like working at massive scale? Flotype (W11) is hiring scalability experts
LikeALittle's Ridiculous Hacker House
Lime – Experimental Sublime Text clone
Linda Liukas' Programming book for Children has Huge First Day on Kickstarter
Linear algebra tutorial in four pages
Link Bubble - A new browser for Android
LinkedIn Intro: Doing the Impossible on iOS
LinkedIn Is Acquiring Contacts Start-Up Rapportive (YC S10)
LinkedIn Mobile Moved from Rails to Node: 27 Servers Cut and Up to 20x Faster
LinkedIn is a Virus
LinkedIn is not using email contacts to find people who have an account already
LinkedIn sued by users who say it hacked their e-mail accounts
LinkedIn ‘Intro’duces Insecurity
LinkedIn: The Creepiest Social Network
Linode Manager Security Incident
Linode NextGen: RAM Upgrade
Linode Nextgen: The Network
Linode Reduces Transfer Pricing (Incoming Data is now Free)
Linode SSD Beta
Linode hacked, CCs and passwords leaked
Linode launches native IPv6 support
Linode turns 8; Disk space +25%
Linode vs. DigitalOcean – performance benchmarks
Linus Torvalds Answers Your Questions
Linus Torvalds now on GitHub
Linus Torvalds on C++
Linus Torvalds on Garbage Collection (2002)
Linus Torvalds on new Chromebook Aura UI
Linus Torvalds on the Google vs Oracle verdict
Linus Torvalds proposes a change to the Git commit object format
Linus Torvalds responds to what killed the Linux desktop
Linus Torvalds says Android kernel headers claims totally bogus
Linus Torvalds winner of the 2012 Millennium Technology Prize
Linus Torvalds won't do github pull requests
Linus Torvalds, Alan Cox respond to Miguel De Icaza on Linux Desktop woes
Linus Torvalds: Is Engadget really that stupid? Just corrupt? Trolling us all?
Linus Torvalds: Linux succeed thanks to selfishness and trust
Linus Torvalds: Make 2560x1600 the new standard laptop resolution
Linus Torvalds: Pearls before swine
Linus Torvalds: Programs exist for their users
Linus Torvalds: Software and Process Patents Don't Make Sense
Linus Torvalds: The King of Geeks (And Dad of 3)
Linus Torvalds: “I'm happily hacking on a new save format using ‘libgit2’”
Linus on "acting professionally"
Linus on Oregon HB 2748 and US education in general
Linus on git rebase and merge (2009)
Linus on keeping a clean git history (2009)
Linus says Carmen Ortiz is lying
Linus talks about Apple laptops, Linux distributions, his work
Linus's first version README for git
Linux 3.0 release
Linux 3.0-rc1 is here
Linux 3.11 Officially Named "Linux For Workgroups"
Linux 3.13
Linux 3.5 Kernel Released
Linux 3.6 released
Linux 3.7 released
Linux 3.9 introduced a new way of writing socket servers
Linux Directory Structure (File System Structure) Explained with Examples
Linux Mint signs a partnership with DuckDuckGo
Linux Mint: The new Ubuntu?
Linux Played a Crucial Role in Discovery of 'Higgs boson'
Linux To Become Exclusive OS Of The International Space Station
Linux Voice
Linux ate my RAM
Linux brings over €10 million savings for Munich
Linux flavors and derivatives tree
Linux gets frozen, what do you do?
Linux has better hardware support than OS X
Linux is not about choice (2008)
Linux is now hosted on GitHub
Linux may have been causing USB disconnects
Linux on an 8-bit micro
Linux only needs one 'killer' game to explode, says Battlefield director
Linux server monitoring tools
Linux's awesome and underused traffic control facilities
Liquefaction from the Sendai earthquake – a remarkable video
Lisp Hackers: Peter Seibel
Lisp in 32 lines of Ruby
Lisp inventor John McCarthy on human progress and its sustainability
Lisp: It's Not About Macros, It's About Read
List of JavaScript Game Engines
List of Twitter Bootstrap Resources
List of Unexplained Sounds
List of YC companies that use GoDaddy
List of copyrighted places
List of data science and machine learning resources
List of every member of congress who supports SOPA, sortable by donations
List of freely available programming books
List of those who voted for and against CISPA
List of vim plugins I use - with mini tutorials
List.js
Listen to Bitcoin
Lists of must see TED-talks
Literate CoffeeScript
Little Big Details
Little Printer prints you a beautiful mini-newspaper.
Little-Known Awesome Algorithms: Fenwick Range Trees
Live CERN Higgs Announcement in 20 Mins
Live air traffic of the world
Live coverage of the last Shuttle launch (STS-135, Atlantis)
Live ships map
Live: SpaceX Dragon docking with ISS
Living a High-DPI desktop lifestyle can be painful on Windows
Living in a Van
Living in the zone
Living with HTTPS
LivingSocial: Employees' and Founders' Common Stock Now Worthless
Lmctfy: Google's Linux application container stack
Loading half a billion rows into MySQL
Lobsters
Lock Picking – A Basic Guide
Lockdown
Lockitron (YC S09) Lets You Unlock Your Door With Your Phone
Lockitron: Keyless entry using your phone
Logging out of Facbook is not enough
Logic Pro X
Login to your Google account by scanning a QR code
Logins are Dead, and Mobile Killed Them
Logo, Bullshit & Co., Inc.
Logstash joins Elasticsearch
Lol my thesis – Summing up years of work in one sentence
London Is Gonna Be Pissed, But We Prefer Berlin for Startups
London student reported to police: “Enchanted by anarchism and individualism”
London's first pay-per-minute cafe
Lone Yelp review dogs business owner
Loneliness Is Deadly
Long Exposure Photographs Shot from Orbit
Long range WiFi antenna from Illy coffee can
Look at yourself objectively
Looking at CPU/GPU Benchmark Optimizations in Galaxy S 4
Looking for designer number 1
Looks Like Zynga Just Bought OMGPOP For $200 Million
Loopt acquired by payment card provider for $43.3m in cash
Lord British launches “Shroud of the Avatar” on Kickstarter
Lord of the Files: How GitHub Tamed Free Software (And More)
Lorem Ipsum translated by Google
Lorem Pixel
Lorempixum: Generate placeholder images (not just gray boxes)
Loren wants to work at Airbnb
Los Angeles Cops Argue All Cars in LA Are Under Investigation
Loser-Pays makes lawsuits fairer in Europe. It could work here, too.
Losing Aaron: Bob Swartz on MIT's role in his son's death
Losing graciously
Lossy PNG
Lost city in Darfur
Lou Reed, Velvet Underground Leader and Rock Pioneer, Dead at 71
Louis C.K. "I've never seen a check from a [TV] comedy special"
Louis C.K. experiment results: over $500,000 in 4 days
Louis C.K. sees ticket scalping drop over 96% by selling tickets himself
Louis CK does it again - 2 audio shows without DRM at $5 each
Louis CK self-produces, self-publishes content on his webpage
Louis CK selling tickets to latest tour exclusively on his site
Louis CK's self distributed special up to 1MM revenue in 12 days
Lousy web design trends that are making a comeback due to HTML5
Love Your Terminal
Love hotels and Unicode
Love in GIT
Love startups but not a developer? We need biz dev hustlers!
Love startups but not a developer? We need biz dev hustlers.
Love startups but not a developer? We need entry level biz dev hustlers.
Love startups but not a developer? We need tenacious biz dev individuals!
Lovelace's Leap
Low-cost Solution to Clearing Afghan Landmines
Loyalty and Layoffs
LuaJit 2.0 is out
LucasFilm Tells Darth Vader that Return of the Jedi Hasn’t Made a Profit
Lulu: Sexist gossip about men you know, anonymously, without their permission.
LulzSec Exposed
LulzSec Redirects ‘The Sun’ Homepage To Fake Murdoch Death Story
LulzSec releases trove of AZ law enforcement documents
LulzSec supposedly claims its biggest coup yet: The entire UK 2011 Census
LulzSec versus FBI (We Challenge You, NATO)
LulzSec's 'Topiary' arrested
LulzSec: 50 Days of Lulz statement
LulzSec: Why we do what we do
Lulzsec/gn0sis/AnonOps dox'd
Lunch with Sean Parker: on how he's coping with his new reputation
Lying Microsoft Advertising
Lying on your resume
Lying with pictures: Smartphone manufacturer share by OS
Lytro Lightfield Gallery
Lytro cameras are ready for preorder.
MH370: A different point of view
MIT 6.006: Algorithms in Python
MIT Builds A Needle-Free Drug Injector
MIT Legal repudiated Xbox hacker too
MIT Moves to Intervene in Release of Aaron Swartz’s Secret Service File
MIT OpenCourseWare introduces courses designed for independent learners
MIT OpenCourseWare programming lecture videos (in Python)
MIT President on Aaron Swartz
MIT Report is a whitewash. My Statement in Response
MIT Wristband Could Make AC Obsolete
MIT and Harvard announce edX
MIT can honor Aaron Swartz by fighting to make journals open to everyone
MIT discovers a new state of matter, a new kind of magnetism
MIT discovers the location of memories: Individual neurons
MIT is a national treasure
MIT professor's hack to recruit students
MIT releases report on its actions in the Aaron Swartz case
MIT scientist captures 90,000 hours of video of his son's first words, graphs it
MIT's artificial leaf is ten times more efficient than the real thing (Wired UK)
MITx Opens First Course for Enrollment
MITx positions to offer certification for completing courses online
MIT’s Non-Stick Coating Keeps Ketchup Flowing
MIT’s ‘Artificial leaf’ makes fuel from sunlight
ML researcher replies to request to review paper for closed journal
MLB.com is using my Google Analytics code
MLPY - high-performance Python library for predictive modeling
MMM Receives Legal Threats
MMO Asteroids
MMO in loving tribute to xkcd-1110
MPAA Boss: If The Chinese Censor The Internet, Why Can't The US?
MPAA Publicly Threatens to Stop Writing Checks
MPAA lied to Congress about the jobs number
MPAA/RIAA lose big as US backs copyright "limitations"
MPlayer - Monday 18.4.2011 I will stop providing any service to MPlayer
MRI shows meditation changes brain structure in 8 weeks
MTurk + Google News API = press
MVC is dead, it's time to MOVE on
Mac App Store: Open for Business
Mac OS 10.9 – Infinity times your spam
Mac OS X Lion accepts any password when authenticating via LDAP
Mac OS X Lion: Coming In July For $29
Mac OS X hidden features and nice tips & tricks
Mac OSX Lion's scroll breaks the web
Mac Pro
Mac Pro gets half-assed “update”
MacBook Air is enough for a work machine
MacBook Pro gets Retina Display; MacBook Air updated with Ivy Bridge
MacKenzie Bezos Writes Amazon Review for Jeff Bezos Biography
Macaw – Code-savvy web design tool
Machine Learning Video Library - Learning From Data (Abu-Mostafa)
Machine Learning in Python Has Never Been Easier
Machine Learning: A Love Story
Machine Vision made Easy - SimpleCV
Machine learning is easier than it looks
Machines are better referees than humans but we’ll be sued if we use them
Macros in Python
Maddox - I hope SOPA passes
Maddox on Link-Baiting Aggregation Sites
Magenta - "It is fully binary compatible with iPhone OS 5.0"
Magnus Carlsen is World Chess Champion
MailChimp now free up to 2000 subscribers
Mailbox Is Joining Dropbox
Mailcheck.js - How we decreased sign up confirmation email bounces by 50%
Mailgun (YC W11) Raises $1.1 Million For Its "Twilio For Email"
Mailpile – taking e-mail back
Mailpile: Let’s take email back
Mainstream Failure
Make Any Webpage Look Like It Was Made By A 13 Year-Old In 1996
Make Better Select Boxes with Chosen
Make DuckDuckGo your Chrome default search engine
Make Your Email Hacker Proof
Make the Metric system the standard in the United States
Make things
Make-A-Wish Foundation Turns San Francisco Into Gotham for 5-Year-Old Batkid
Makerbot announces new 3D printer: Replicator 2
Making $1 million from affiliate links on "Ad-Free" blog
Making Facebook's native mobile app faster using HTML5
Making Friends Over 30 with Grubwithus
Making GIFs From Video Files With Python
Making Google’s CalDAV and CardDAV APIs available for everyone
Making Love to Webkit
Making Yourself a CEO
Making a Physical Product
Making a Ponyo boat
Making the travel site people want, even if it’s impossible
Making the web fun again
Makisu - CSS 3D dropdown concept
Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 makes it clear: we need to rethink black boxes
Malibu homeowners foiled by $30K Kickstarter campaign
Malicious Use of the HTML5 Vibrate API
Malware Hidden Inside JPG EXIF Headers
Malware researcher Dancho Danchev gone missing since August
Man Arrested At Airport for Unusual Watch
Man Builds $4.8M model airport with computer controlled vehicles
Man Embraces Useless Machines, and Absurdity Ensues
Man Successfully Flies With Custom-Built Bird Wings
Man Survives Steve Ballmer’s Flying Chair To Build ’21st Century Linux’
Man Walks All Day to Create Spectacular Snow Patterns
Man accused of teaching people to beat lie detector tests faces prison
Man counterhacks paypal phisher, deletes data, warns other victims via phone
Man faces 3 years in prison for tweeting about finance minister in India
Man finds his way home using Google Earth - after 25 years
Man flies 737 from his garage
Man places his genome in public domain, on Github
Man upgrades Windows 1.0 to Windows 7 (video)
Man with ALS writes patch for Gnome using morse code (with touching story)
Man with multiple degrees fails standardized test for children
Man, stranded in the desert, makes a motorcycle from his broken car
Man-made super flu could kill half of humanity
Manager.io – Free accounting software for small businesses
Manchester City Council
Mangalyaan, India's Mars Orbiter, has successfully commenced its journey to Mars
Mangalyaan, India’s First Mars Mission
Manipulating objects in photos in 3D (video)
Manning not guilty of aiding the enemy, but convicted of multiple other counts
Many PS4 units dead on arrival
Map of America's Racial Segregation
Maps TD - Google Maps-based Tower Defence.
Marc Andreessen on Why Software is Eating the World
Mari0 - Super Mario Bros. + Portal
Mari0=Mario + Portal ..Open source game
Mario 3 recreated with CSS3 animations and media queries
Marissa Mayer Employment Offer Letter
Marissa Mayer Has a Secret Weapon
Mark Bao tracks down his stolen laptop and has the last laugh
Mark Cuban makes Shark Tank remove equity clause in contract
Mark Cuban: If you want to see more jobs created -- change patent laws
Mark Cuban: What Business is Wall Street in?
Mark Karpeles' blog hacked
Mark Zuckerberg addresses PRISM
Mark Zuckerberg married
Mark Zuckerberg on SNL (video)
Mark Zuckerberg sells 30.2 million shares of $FB common stock at $37.58
Mark Zuckerberg's Hoodie
Mark Zuckerberg: Our Biggest Mistake Was Was Betting Too Much On HTML5
Markdown Editor for web developers, on Mac OS X
Markdown.css – make HTML look like plain-text
Mars Curiosity's first images
Mars rover camera project manager explains 2MP camera choice
Mars to Earth at an average of 29 kbits/s
Mars water surprise in Curiosity rover soil samples
Martin Fowler on Software Patents
Martin Gräßlin, KDE: "Good Bye, Ubuntu"
Martin Luther King Jr. was wiretapped
Mass-scale Cold Fusion either becomes reality or proved a scam today
Massive 15-year Study finds no link between cell phones, cancer
Massive New Surveillance Program Uncovered by Wall Street Journal
Massive Number of Vulnerabilities Found in X.Org
Massive cyber-attack discovered, researchers say
Massive data stealing vulnerability found in many HTC Android phones
Massive deposit of lithium found in Wyoming could meet all U.S. demand
Massive glacier collapse
Massive networks of stripes appear in Chinese Desert--visible from space
Massively multiplayer online Flappy Bird
Master Keys
MasterCard breaks ranks in WikiLeaks blockade
Mastercard and Visa Start Banning VPN Providers
Mastering Linear Algebra in 10 Days: Astounding Experiments in Ultra-Learning
Matasano Security acquired for £8.4m ($13m) - Congrats tptacek
Match.com Acquires Online Dating Site OkCupid
Math notes to take you from one year of college calculus to grad student level
Math ∩ Programming
MathGifs
Mathematica on Raspberry Pi for free
Mathematicians Team Up on Twin Primes Conjecture
Mathematicians aim to take publishers out of publishing
Mathematicians are chronically lost and confused
Mathematics at Google
Mathics - A free, light-weight alternative to Mathematica
Mathics - A free, light-weight alternative to Mathematica with support for Sage
Matrix multiplication in O(n^2.373)
Matt Blaze: How ACM and IEEE Shake Down Science
Matt Cutts is looking for scraper sites
Matt Damon: Edward Snowden did a great thing
Matz (creator of Ruby) joins Heroku
Maven is broken by design
Maxis Insider: SimCity Servers Not Necessary
Maybe Americans aren't dumb enough to keep buying houses?
Maybe buses should be free
Mayor Bloomberg Will Learn How To Write Code In 2012
Ma’am, Your Burger Has Been Paid For
Mbox – A lightweight sandboxing mechanism
McAfee’s Third World Travel Guide
Mea Culpa: GitHub works well, my mistake made them look bad
Meanwhile, at code.org
Meanwhile, just East of Silicon Valley, in Tupelo Mississippi...
Media Queries are a Hack
Media for Thinking the Unthinkable
Meditate in front of your computer with Calm
Meet Comex, The 19-Year-Old iPhone Uber-Hacker Who Keeps Outsmarting Apple
Meet Jack. Or, What The Government Could Do With All That Location Data
Meet Kirsty Nathoo, Y Combinator’s Secret Financial And Operational Weapon
Meet Mr. Money Mustache, the man who retired at 30
Meet The People You Follow On Twitter With Conference Directory Lanyrd (YC W11)
Meet Watsi, Y Combinator's First Nonprofit
Meet news:yc, the open source Hacker News client for your iPhone.
Meet the BRCK
Meet the Dread Pirate Roberts, the man behind Silk Road
Meet the IOIO - USB breakout board for android w/48 digital+analog IO pins
Meet the New Super People
Meet the Obama campaign's $250 million fundraising platform
Meet the Private Companies Helping Cops Spy on Protesters
Meet the new Light Table
Meet the tireless entrepreneur who squatted at AOL
Meeting A Troll
Meetings: Where Work Goes to Die
Mega Man 2 (NES) password algorithm and code
Mega has launched
Mega update: Dotcom's service now accepts Bitcoin
Mega-victory: Kim Dotcom search warrants “invalid,” mansion raid “illegal”
Megafail
Megaupload Demands Return of Millions of Dollars From U.S. Govt.
Megaupload Seizure Order “Null and Void” Says High Court
Megaupload Trial May Never Happen, Judge Says
Megaupload down, FBI Charges Seven With Online Piracy
Megaupload to Sue Universal, Joins Fight Against SOPA
Megaupload: A Lot Less Guilty Than You Think
Melatonin
MemShrink progress report, week 23
Members of Congress Demand Answers for the Unjust Domain Name Seizures
Members of Congress Go Silent Over Prior False Testimony On Surveillance
Members of Congress denied access to basic information about NSA
Memories of Stasi color Germans’ view of U.S. surveillance programs
Memorizing a programing language using spaced repetition software
Men In Tech
Men Walk On Moon - July 20th 1969
Men who spy on women through their webcams
Mendeley users revolt against Elsevier takeover
Mental Illness and Startups
Mercator Puzzle
Mercedes uses LEDs and a Camera to make "invisible car" for marketing
Mercurial developer responds to "Switch to git?"
Mesh Networks
Message from Mexico: U.S. Is Polluting Water It May Someday Need to Drink
Meta (YC S13), The Crazy AR Glasses That Aim To Do What Google Glass Can’t
Metadata Equals Surveillance
Metasploit Rails 3 Remote Code Execution Hours Away
Meteor Raises $11.2M from Andreessen Horowitz
Meteor is now MIT licensed
Meteor releases authentication, accounts system, and new screencast
Meteorite crash in Russia
Meth Labs and Dead Dogs: How the Founder of McAfee Antivirus Went on the Run
Metro
Metroid Source Code Expanded
Michael Abrash on Quake: "Finish the product and you’ll be a hero."
Michael Arrington Resigns From Techcrunch
Michael Arrington: Editorial Independence
Michael Dell buys back PC company he founded in $24.8bn deal
Michael Hastings Sent Panicked Email Hours Before Car Crash
Michael Lewis: Don't Eat Fortune's Cookie
MicroView: Chip-sized Arduino with built-in OLED Display
Microsoft Announces "Kinect Accelerator" to Turn Hacks into Businesses
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer to retire within 12 months
Microsoft Censors Pirate Bay Links in Windows Live Messenger
Microsoft Co-Founder Paul Allen Hits Out at Gates
Microsoft Introduces New "Surface" Tablet
Microsoft Research Publications
Microsoft Said To Give Zero Day Exploits To US Government Before It Patches Them
Microsoft Shuts off HTTPS in Hotmail for Over a Dozen Countries
Microsoft Support: Computer Randomly Plays Classical Music
Microsoft UI has officially entered the realm of self-parody
Microsoft abandon Metro name due to legal challenge
Microsoft and Google jointly sue a patent troll who has sued 397 companies
Microsoft and Google to sue over US surveillance requests
Microsoft and Xamarin partner
Microsoft changes skype supernodes architecture to support wiretapping
Microsoft confirms UEFI fears, locks down ARM devices
Microsoft decides to automatically update Internet Explorer for everyone
Microsoft does away with stack ranking
Microsoft gets a new logo for the first time since 1987
Microsoft has Abandoned Silverlight and All Other Plugins
Microsoft helped the NSA bypass encryption, new Snowden leak reveals
Microsoft hires designer behind "The Next Microsoft", Andrew Kim
Microsoft just bought Nokia for $0
Microsoft keeps it old-school with a pricey text adventure game
Microsoft launches Office for iPad
Microsoft launches an HTML5 version of Cut the Rope
Microsoft looking to release Office for Linux in 2014
Microsoft made their own IE6-countdown site.
Microsoft makes 5 times more income from Android than from Windows Phone
Microsoft makes source code for MS-DOS and Word for Windows available to public
Microsoft may halt development work on Silverlight plugin after next release
Microsoft needs Wizards: A 1984 Microsoft job posting
Microsoft please clean your store of junk
Microsoft releases tool for creating Windows 8 apps in the browser
Microsoft reorganizes
Microsoft reports first quarterly loss ever
Microsoft reports record first-quarter revenue of $18.53 billion
Microsoft sends GitHub DMCA shutdown for Skype open source project
Microsoft sniffed blogger's Hotmail account to trace leak
Microsoft to acquire Nokia
Microsoft to acquire Skype
Microsoft to buy Skype for $7 billion
Microsoft's DroidRage Twitter campaign goes painfully wrong
Microsoft's HTML5 Games Resource
Microsoft's Skydrive sends two million NULL characters
Microsoft, Apple and 27 other tech companies backing SOPA indirectly
Microsoft, Apple and Others Withdrawal Support for SOPA
Microsoft, Past and Future
Microsoft’s Android Shakedown
Microsoft’s Bing uses Google search results—and denies it
Microsoft’s Downfall: Inside the Cannibalistic Culture That Felled a Tech Giant
Microsoft’s Hardware, Round 2: Surface 2 and Surface Pro 2
Middle-aged prodigies: Seven poster children over 40
Middle-earth according to Mordor - The Lord of the Rings retold
Migrate Your Instagram Photos to Flickr in One Click.
Migrating a large JavaScript project from DOM spaghetti to Backbone.js
Miguel de Icaza: Learning Unix
Mihai Pătraşcu 1982–2012
Miles Davis – blind listening test
Militarizing your backyard with Python, Arduino, and computer vision.
MineCraftWebGL
Minecraft creator says he’s canceled talks for Oculus Rift version
Minimal wireframing tool - for free
Minimalism: It Works
Minimum Viable Personality
Minimum Viable SEO
Mining a 1993 game design for innovative game mechanics
Mining of Massive Datasets
Mint.com turns 404 ad page into date ad for developer
Mio: A High-Performance Multicore IO Manager for GHC [pdf]
Misadventures in VC Funding: The $24 Million Moz Almost Raised
Miso pays disputed $10k referral bonus to ex-engineer, apologizes
Missing Person - Tracy Williams, Technorati Employee
Missing the Point of Promises
Mission Creep: When Everything Is Terrorism
Mistakes You Can’t Afford to Make with Stock Options
Mixpanel: We're hiring and here's where we're at.
Mobile Boilerplate: a best practice baseline for your mobile Web app
Mobile Operators Announce Commitment to Firefox OS
Mobile UI Patterns
Mobile app startups are failing like it’s 1999
Mobile shift: You’ve probably underestimated just how big this is
Mobile web design: The reign of morons, indeed
MobileWorks (YC S11) is Hiring (San Francisco/Berkeley)
MobileWorks (YC S11) is a Hands-Off Mechanical Turk
MobileWorks (YCS11) is Hiring (San Francisco/Berkeley)
Mod_python - the long story
Modafinil and Startups
Model S Fire
Model aircraft operators free to operate commercially in US, rules federal judge
Moderators of HN: please stop changing post titles
Modern Browsers Ship
Modern Civil Disobedience - Tim DeChristopher
Modern GPU
Modern GPU: a collection of well-written GPGPU programming tutorials
Modern Microprocessors: A 90 Minute Guide.
Modern Web Applications are Here
Modern Web Development - in-depth guide to web development tools
Mojang's Monster Profits
Mojang, makers of Minecraft, sued by patent troll
Momentum Builds Against N.S.A. Surveillance
Mona Lisa in 50 polygons, using a genetic algorithm (2008)
Mona Lisa in pure CSS
Monday was my 46th birthday and likely my last
Money Trees – Rap Genius Response to Heroku
Money Won’t Buy You Health Insurance
Money and wealth
Money can buy happiness
Money for Nothing
MongoDB 1.8 (stable) released
MongoDB 2.0 Released
MongoDB Gotchas and How To Avoid Them
MongoDB Raises $150 Million at $1.2 Billion Valuation
Monitor your Website’s Uptime with Google Docs
Mono Developers start their own company
Monocle
Monoprice Announces 27-Inch 2560 x 1440 Monitor for $390
Monroe or Einstein? Instant eyesight check.
Moon
Moot: Full House
Moravec's paradox
More About Unicode in Python 2 and 3
More Americans see man who leaked NSA secrets as 'patriot' than traitor
More HTML5 APIs
More Paypal nonsense
More damaging evidence on open plan offices
More evidence that Voyager has exited the solar system
More information on Google's new web language, Dash
More on the NSA Commandeering the Internet
More people should write
More than 1MM Facebook accounts exposed
More than 500,000 Google Reader users have joined Feedly in the past 48 hours
Morgan Stanley bought 63M Facebook shares ($2.3B) to create a floor around $38
Mosh: SSH for 2012
Mosh: the mobile shell
Most data isn’t “big,” and businesses are wasting money pretending it is
Most laser printer printed pages have tracking watermark
Most lives are lived by default
Most popular browser missing (Chrome)...
Mother
Motherfucking Website
Moto 360
Motor Trend Car of the Year: Tesla Model S
Motorola cell phones are regularly phoning home
Motorola wins patent suit against Apple in Germany, iPhone/iPad to be banned
Mountain Lion: John Gruber's personal briefing
Mousetrap: Keyboard shortcuts in Javascript
Move over Zuck, Abraham Lincoln filed a patent for Facebook in 1845
Move your feet
Moviebarcode - Movies compressed to a single frame
Moving On
Moving forward on improving HTTP's security
Moving from SVN to Git in 1,000 easy steps
Mozilla Chromeless 0.2
Mozilla Gains Global Support For a Firefox Mobile OS
Mozilla Glow: Awesome Firefox 4 live download day map
Mozilla Labs: TogetherJS
Mozilla Lightbeam – Relationships between third parties and the sites you visit
Mozilla Recognized as Most Trusted Internet Company for Privacy
Mozilla TowTruck – real-time collaboration on any site
Mozilla UX: Save For Later (why bookmarks are broken and how to fix it)
Mozilla and Epic Announce Unreal Engine for the Web
Mozilla and Google Sign New Agreement for Default Search in Firefox
Mozilla and Partners Prepare to Launch First Firefox OS Smartphones
Mozilla and Samsung Collaborate on Next Generation Web Browser Engine
Mozilla and Unity Bring Unity Game Engine to WebGL
Mozilla blogger bought 1 million Facebook entries (full name, e-mail) for $5
Mozilla bug 923590: Pledge never to implement HTML5 DRM
Mozilla can produce near-native performance on the Web
Mozilla launched popcorn.js
Mozilla may make Flash click-to-play by default in future Firefox
Mozilla releases version 0.1 of the Rust programming language
Mozilla should move Persona out of the US
Mozilla tells DHS: we won't help you censor the Internet
Mozilla to Certificate Authorities: no subordinate CAs for traffic interception
Mozilla urges its users to raise their voice against SOPA
Mozilla will add H.264 to Firefox as Cisco makes push for WebRTC’s future
Mozilla's BrowserQuest - Massively Multiplayer HTML5 Experiment
Mozilla's New Fira Typeface
Mozilla's low-overhead open source replay debugger
Mozilla's secure coding guidelines for web developers
Mozilla, EFF, Reddit And 83 Other Organizations Launch StopWatching.Us
Mozilla, WebKit To Support Debugging CoffeeScript and other JS Languages
Mozilla: Are We Slim Yet?
Mozilla: Microsoft bans Firefox on ARM-based Windows
Mozilla’s Rejection of NativeClient Hurts the Open Web
Mt. Gox Dwolla account frozen by DHS
Mt. Gox Files for Bankruptcy Protection
Mt. Gox Finds 200,000 Missing Bitcoins
Mt. Gox Has Been Hacked by People Trying to Find Out What Happened?
Mt. Gox Resigns Bitcoin Foundation Board Seat
Mt. Gox knowingly traded non-existent Bitcoins for two weeks, filing shows
MtGox.com is offline
Mubarak to step down tonight
Multicolor image search
Multiple vulnerabilities in parameter parsing in Action Pack
Multiprocess Firefox
Mumbai girl arrested for Facebook post
Music Theory for Beginners
Music Theory for Musicians and Normal People
Music to Let you Concentrate
MusicForProgramming();
Must Read CS Books For Self Self-Taught Programmers
My 2014 resolution: stop my country from becoming a surveillance state
My Aaron Swartz, whom I loved
My Amazon bestseller made me nothing
My Brush With a Patent Troll
My Call to Senator Schumer’s Office on PIPA: It’s So Much Worse Than I Thought
My Code made it to a Hollywood Movie
My Daughter’s Homework Is Killing Me
My Doctor's Office Asked me to Lie
My Doctor's Office Asked me to Lie (2011)
My Email Canary
My Evil Undead Credit Card
My Experience in the Educational Apps Market – 2013 report
My Experiences as a Female Software Engineer
My Family’s Experiment in Extreme Schooling
My Father's "Eviscerated" work - Son of J.R.R. Tolkien finally speaks out
My Final Post
My First Job: Fired and Rehired on Day 1
My First Passive Income Project, One Year Later
My First Year in the App Store
My Friends and I Bought an Island
My GF learned to code in 3 months. This is what she came up with.
My Hardest Bug Ever
My IQ
My Latte is Worth It - No Fun Allowed
My Life as an Undocumented Immigrant
My Name Is Me - Supporting your freedom to choose the name you use online
My National Security Letter Gag Order (2007)
My Neighbor, Steve Jobs
My Nerd Story
My Prime Factorization Sweater
My Raspberry Pi Thinks It's a Mainframe
My Roommate's a Genius
My Song Got Played On Pandora 1 Million Times and All I Got Was $16.89
My Standing Desk Experiment
My Startup Failed. Fuck.
My Startup has 30 Days to Live
My Summer Reading List
My Summer at an Indian Call Center
My Time at Lehman
My Top Sublime Text 2 Plugins
My U.S. Border Nightmare
My Ultimate Developer and Power Users Tool List for Mac OS X (2011 Edition)
My Year as an Amateur Android Game Developer
My biggest frustration with Google AdWords
My boss decided to add a “person to blame” field to every bug report
My children’s book on technology raised 100k within 24 hours – here’s how
My customer wants me to record a video of how I develop his software product
My dad taught me cashflow with a soda machine
My dad unexpectedly uses my Linux laptop to get real work done
My daughter was first sued in the womb
My deadly disease was just a 23andme bug
My entire entrepreneurship story in 10 minutes
My experience at a YC startup
My experience with WPEngine
My experience with a 'negative review' scammer.
My experiences as a Recruiter on Hacker News
My experiences at a woman's programming workshop
My favorite regex of all time
My fellow geeks, we need to have a talk.
My first month freelancing
My first six months of programming: from man-rodent to partyman
My former employer Opera Software has filed a lawsuit against me
My hell as a 911 operator
My husband is a programmer; I have no idea what that means.
My idea to "Kill Hollywood"
My job is to watch dreams die
My legitimate co.cc site was deleted from Google, what do I do?
My life in Accenture before startups
My offer to Google Reader
My one talk with Marissa Mayer
My open source API client was taken down by a phony DMCA complaint
My really successful, unfundable, piece of shit startup I hate to love
My run-in with unauthorised Litecoin mining on AWS
My son is schizophrenic. The ‘reforms’ that I worked for have worsened his life.
My startup story: from big idea to thriving business in 8 short years
My time with the Steam Controller
My uncle's factorization algorithms
My winter break project — Silk
MySQL - Do Not Pass This Way Again
MySQL is bazillion times faster than MemSQL
MySQL man pages license change is a bug
MySQL man pages silently relicensed away from GPL
MySQL now includes memcached, and a plugin that allows fast NoSQL-style access
MySQL.com compromised via (guess what?) SQL injection
MySpace, Skype announce partnership (2007)
Myspace previews complete redesign
Mysterious Mac and PC malware that jumps airgaps?
Mysterious US Helicopter Used in Bin Laden Raid
Mysterious number 6174
Mystery Aircraft Parts and Atomic Clocks
Mystery Malady Kills More Bees, Heightening Worry on Farms
Mystery signal from a helicopter
Myth: The astronauts didn’t float away because they had heavy boots
Mythbusters experiment goes awry, sends cannonball through two houses
Mythbusting: Why Firefox 4 won’t score 100 on Acid3
Myths About Introverts
Myths about /dev/urandom
N-gram Analysis of the New York Times Weddings Section
N. Korean leader Kim Jong Il dies
N.S.A. Dragnet Included Allies, Aid Groups and Business Elite
N.S.A. Examines Social Networks of U.S. Citizens
N.S.A. Foils Much Internet Encryption
NASA Confirms Its First Planet in Habitable Zone of Sun-like Star
NASA May Unveil New Manned Moon Missions Soon
NASA Rover Finds Old Streambed on Martian Surface
NASA TV feed of 10:31 pm PDT Curiosity landing
NASA finds DNA components in meteorites, says they originated in space
NASA finds water reservoir equivalent to 140 trillion times the world's oceans
NASA paywalls first papers arising from Curiosity rover – I am setting them free
NASA to use consumer Android smartphones in new satellites
NASA's Successful Quantifying of Comedy Timing (By Penn Jillette and Teller)
NASAs Cassini spacecraft has delivered a glorious view of Saturn...
NASDAQ:FB
NBC Story about Hacking at Sochi is 100% Fraudulent
NCombinator
NGINX takes 2nd place in Web Servers from Microsoft IIS
NHS England patient data 'uploaded to Google servers', Tory MP says
NIST "strongly" suggests dropping its own encryption standard
NProgress: slim, site-wide progress bars
NSA Boss Asks Congress For Blanket Immunity For Companies That Help NSA Spy
NSA Chief Denies Domestic Spying Story (2012)
NSA Codebreaking: I Am The Other
NSA Collects 'Word for Word' Every Domestic Communication, Says Former Analyst
NSA Coworker Remembers Edward Snowden: "A Genius Among Geniuses"
NSA Files Decoded: What the revelations mean for you
NSA Phone Snooping Cannot Be Challenged in Court, Feds Say
NSA Rejecting FOIA Requests by US Citizens
NSA Spying Documents to be Released As Result of EFF Lawsuit
NSA admits listening to U.S. phone calls without warrants
NSA broke privacy rules thousands of times per year, audit finds
NSA built a NoSQL database
NSA collecting phone records of millions of Americans daily
NSA collects millions of text messages daily in 'untargeted' global sweep
NSA critics Ilija Trojanov: German writer must not enter the U.S.
NSA director heckled on stage at Black Hat security conference
NSA hacked into encrypted UN communications, leaked documents show
NSA infiltrates links to Yahoo, Google data centers worldwide
NSA leaker is a patriot, not a traitor
NSA loophole allows warrantless search for US citizens' emails and phone calls
NSA monitored calls of 35 world leaders
NSA morale down after Edward Snowden revelations, former U.S. officials say
NSA paid millions to cover Prism compliance costs for tech companies
NSA phone surveillance program likely unconstitutional, federal judge rules
NSA shares raw intelligence including Americans' data with Israel
NSA slides explain the PRISM data-collection program
NSA statement does not deny 'spying' on members of Congress
NSA stores metadata of millions of web users for up to a year, secret files show
NSA tracking cellphone locations worldwide, Snowden documents show
NSA uses Google cookies to pinpoint targets for hacking
NSA veterans speak out on whistle-blower [video]
NSA whistleblower Russ Tice goes on record with new revelations
NSA's Backdoor Key from Lotus Notes
NSA's Talking Points Defending NSA Surveillance
NSA: It Would Violate Your Privacy to Say if We Spied on You
NVD3 Erased From Existence
NVD3.js: re-usable charts for d3.js
NY Attorney General hits AirBnB with subpoena for user data
NY Comptroller: Legalise marijuana, tax it and end wrongheaded war on pot
NY auto dealers trying to shut down Tesla Motors in NY
NY official: Airbnb stay illegal; host fined $2,400
NYPD counsel rules freedom of information manual is confidential
NYT Review of ‘The 4-Hour Body’
NYT Skimmer
NYTimes Opensources Their Deep Linking JS
NYTimes Sues US For Refusing To Reveal Secret Interpretation Of Patriot Act
NYU Prof Vows Never to Probe Cheating Again—and Faces a Backlash
Name.com hijacks non-existent subdomains and redirects to their servers
Name: Illegitimate
NameCheap Overtakes Go Daddy In Google
Namecheap Makes $44,000 Donation to the Electronic Frontier Foundation
Namecheap now officially accepts Bitcoin
Namecheap to Donate $1 to EFF for Every Domain Transfer on December 29th
Namecheap.com: We say no to SOPA
Nancy Pelosi, Ron Paul join SOPA opposition
Nanomsg – MIT-licensed ZeroMQ alternative
Nassim Taleb: End Bonuses For Bankers
Nassim Taleb: We should retire the notion of standard deviation
Natalie Portman - Scientist
Nate Silver confuses cause and effect, ends up defending corruption
Nate Silver correctly called 50 out of 50 states
National Suicide Prevention Lifeline
Natural Language Processing with Python, free online
Navigating the Postmodern Python World
Navy sailors have radiation sickness after Japan rescue
NeXT Computer
Neal Stephenson wants to revolutionize sword fighting video games
Neal Stephenson: Innovation Starvation
Nearly 1000 of NY Tech protesting Senators on PIPA this Wed - join us, Valley
Nearly full tickless operation in Linux 3.10
Neat
Neat Algorithms - Flocking
Negative SEO: Looking for Answers from Google
Negative temperatures are not colder than absolute zero
Neil Armstrong has died at 82 Today
Neil Gaiman: Why defend freedom of icky speech?
Neil deGrasse Tyson AMA
NeoCities
Neovim
Nerd Fort
Nerds and Male Privilege
Nest - The Learning Thermostat
Nest introduces their Smoke Detector
Net neutrality is half-dead: Court strikes down FCC’s anti-blocking rules
Netcat – The swiss army knife of networking
Netflix Agrees to Pay Comcast to End Web Traffic Jam
Netflix Is Killing BitTorrent in The US
Netflix Now The Largest Single Source of Internet Traffic In North America
Netflix Performance on Top ISP Networks
Netflix Quietly Smothers 3rd Party App Ecosystem
Netflix Splits DVD And Streaming Businesses
Netflix disables use of the Chrome developer console
Netflix for baby clothes
Netflix kills Qwikster
Netflix loses 800,000 subscribers (stock drops 28%)
Netflix now bigger than HBO
Netflix on Ubuntu Is Here
Netflix open sources resilience engineering library
Netflix to lose Starz, its most valuable source of new movies
Netflix uses FreeBSD 9.0
Netherlands first country in Europe with net neutrality
Netherlands makes net neutrality a law
Network Solutions Auto-Enroll: $1,850
Neutrino experiment affirms faster-than-light claim
Neutrinos Faster Than Light, or FPGA artifacts?
Nevada approves regulations for self-driving cars
Nevada passes law authorizing driverless cars
Never Give Your Information To 10 Minute Old Startups
Never Have the “What Would It Take to Keep You Here?” Conversation
Never Heard of It
Never Lie About Who You Really Are
Never Make Counter-Offers
Never Negotiate Piecemeal. Here’s Why
Never Say WordPress When Selling a Web Design Project
Never Trust Facebook
Never again be thwarted by restrictive “guest” wifi (e.g. on buses or airplanes)
Never create Ruby strings longer than 23 characters
Never mind talent: Practice, practice, practice
Never say “no,” but rarely say “yes.”
New "How Airbnb Works" video (shot at 13 locations around world)
New $250 Chromebook
New Algorithm Impressively Depixelates Pixel Art
New Apple maps app under fire from users
New Arrested Development will appear exclusively on Netflix Streaming
New Bacterial Life-Form Discovered in NASA and ESA Spacecraft Clean Rooms
New Blender 3D with Motion Tracking, new rendering engine, dynamic paint
New Boston Globe website design
New CSS Techniques and Tools
New Chrome extension: block sites from Google’s web search results
New Course: The Design of Everyday Things
New Dropbox Pro plans
New Firefox Command Line helps you develop faster
New Garbage Collector
New GitHub Logo
New GitHub Pages domain: github.io
New Google Sheets: faster, more powerful, and works offline
New Google Web Fonts Interface
New HTTP Codes
New High I/O EC2 Instance Type - hi1.4xlarge - 2 TB of SSD-Backed Storage
New MacBook Pro series
New NSA Leak Shows MITM Attacks Against Major Internet Services
New Oculus Rift dev kit goes on sale for $350 today, likely ships in July
New OpenStreetMap tiles from Stamen: water color, black and white, terrain
New PRISM slides say the program allows NSA to eavesdrop on live conversations
New Persona Beta: Millions of Users Ready to Log In using Any Browser
New Programming Jargon
New RFS – Breakthrough Technologies
New Reddit CEO reporting for duty
New Stanford class on Cryptography
New Startup Now Pulling In Over $100k in Monthly Revenues
New Twist in International Relations: Corporate Keep-My-Data-Out-of-U.S. Clause
New UNIX implementation (1983)
New US spy satellite logo features world-devouring octopus
New YC Partner Investment Policy
New Year's Resolution: Full Disk Encryption on Every Computer You Own
New Year, New CEO for GitHub
New York City gets a Software Engineering High School
New York Underground
New Zealand PM requests inquiry into illegal Megaupload wire tapping
New Zealand bans some software patents
New algorithm can dramatically streamline solutions to the ‘max flow’ problem
New attack plucks secrets from HTTPS-protected pages
New banner ads push actual Google results to bottom 12% of the screen
New bill upgrades unauthorized Internet streaming to a felony
New board in the Arduino Family: Esplora
New cave found in Vietnam: "A skyscraper could fit"
New closure allows camping mattress to be inflated in seconds
New gaming laptop with innovative UI by Razer
New iPhone app identifies trees from photos of their leaves
New in Gmail Labs: Unread message icon
New leak shows NSA harvests To, From, and Bcc lines of e-mail data
New leukemia treatment "exceeded our wildest expectations"
New order of animals discovered?
New security issue at Dropbox
New straighforward approach to teaching quantum mechanics
New string search algorithm
New venture of Slicehost founder
New version of Apache HTTP Server released
New: Apply to Y Combinator without an Idea
Newegg nukes "corporate troll" Alcatel in third patent appeal win this year
Newegg refuses to repair defective laptop because user installed Linux
Newegg stores your password in plaintext
Newegg trial: Crypto legend takes the stand, goes for knockout patent punch
Newegg: No, We'll Totally Take Returns After You Install Linux
Newly acquired Fanvibe (S10) looking for System Administrator lead
Newly disclosed papers give rules for NSA surveillance without a warrant
News about Mark Crispin (author of the original IMAP specification)
News is bad for you
News is bad for you – and giving up reading it will make you happier
Next Time Your Mom Says Don't Go Out in The Rain, Spray Yourself With This
Nexus 4 Includes Support for LTE on Band 4
Nexus 5
Nexus 7, Made for Google Play
Nexus: The best of Google, now in three sizes
Nginx 1.0.0 is out
Nginx Is Taking Over the Internet
Nginx JSON hacks
Nginx Plus
Nginx doesn't suck at SSL after all
Nginx established as a company
Nginx for Developers: An Introduction
Nginx just became the most used web server among the top 1000 websites
Nginx now supports Websockets
Nginx security advisory (CVE-2013-2028)
Nginx, Inc. announces its Series A funding
Nginx-1.4.0 stable version has been released
Nigerian scammer gets a laptop from me
Nightcode: An IDE for Clojure and Java
Nightwatch.js
Nikola Tesla Wasn't God And Thomas Edison Wasn't The Devil
Nimbus.io: Open-source alternative to Amazon S3
Nimrod: A new approach to metaprogramming
Nimrod: C + Macros + GC
Nine-year-old’s lunch blog shames school into making changes
Ninja IDE: written in Python for Pythonists
Nintendo visionary Hiroshi Yamauchi dies aged 85
Nissan Leaf
NixOS - Declarative configuration OS
Nmap 6 released after three years of work
No Copyright Intended
No Email
No I won't sign your NDA, here's why.
No Man’s Sky Is A Huge Procedurally Generated Sci-Fi Exploration Sim
No More Callbacks: 10,000 Actors, 10,000 Threads, 10,000 Spaceships
No New Accounts Today
No TV for children under 2, urge doctors
No app store? No problem: Grooveshark rolls out full HTML5 site for all devices
No bullshit guide to math and physics
No double standards: supporting Google's push for WebM
No longer loving Google
No more CSS and HTML, just JS
No more remote work at Yahoo
No office, no boss, no boundaries – rise of the nomadic rich
No way I am calling you for a price
No, I still don't want to work for Google
No, I won't be your technical co-founder
No, I'm not going to download your bullshit app
No, really, pi is wrong: The Tau Manifesto
No-fly list ruling in Portland comes close to declaring it unconstitutional
NoPassword
NoSQL Data Modeling Techniques
NoSQL is What?
Noah Kagan and the Faceless Bitch slide
Noam Chomsky on Where Artificial Intelligence Went Wrong
Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Englert and Higgs
Nobel Prize winning biochemist says all biofuels are nonsense
Nobody Cares
Nobody Knows That I Use These Apps
Nobody Understands REST or HTTP
Nobody Wants to Learn How to Program
Nobody builds nuclear reactors for fun anymore
Nobody's Going to Help You, and That's Awesome
Nobody’s going to steal your idea
Node v0.10.0 (Stable)
Node-fib: Fast non-blocking fibonacci server
Node.js Guide
Node.js Tools for Visual Studio
Node.js has jumped the shark
Node.js v0.6.0 is released
Node.js v0.8.0 [stable] is out
Nodeschool.io
Nokia CEO: Nokia is "standing on a burning platform"
Nokia Confirms Microsoft Partnership, New Leadership Team
Nokia Maps 3D (WebGL)
Nokia N9
Nokia Plan B
Nokia acquired by Microsoft
Nokia announces the X and X+, its first Android phones
Nokia faked the still photos too
Nokia releases 3D printing files for Lumia phone cases
Nokia sells Qt to Digia
Nokia: Yes, we decrypt your HTTPS data, but don’t worry about it
Nomic
Non-Libyan URL Shortener
Non-hiring Practices
None of Us Knows What We're Doing
Nonplussed
Nookd
Nootropics – The Facts About “Smart Drugs”
Normalize.css: An alternative to CSS resets
North Carolina teacher's resignation letter
Norway is building thorium reactor
Norway: an Eden with wifi
Norwegian backup provider promises NSA-free data storage using Norwegian laws
Norwegian lawyer had visa withdrawn after private chat with client on Facebook
Not A Waste
Not Having A Real Job
Not Lisp again (2009)
Not Wanted
Not one Microsoft product on Kaspersky’s top 10 vulnerabilities list
Notch gives his $3,000,000 Minecraft dividend to his employees
Notch is coding live again
Notch is no longer lead developer on Minecraft
Notch live coding 0x10c
Notch live coding for Ludum dare 22
Notch trying jsFiddle
Notch's 48-hour game: Prelude of the Chambered
Notch's Livestream for Ludum Dare 21
Notch's Specification for the In-Game DCPU-16
Notch's next game is an MMO
Notch, WebGL, Dart, and ramping up quickly
Notch: "I'd rather have minecraft not run on win 8 at all than to play along."
Notepad++ 6.0 Released
Notes on Distributed Systems for Young Bloods
Nothing to Hide – Game inspired by government surveillance
Notice: Experimenting with HN
Notifo (YC W10) Will be Shutting Down
Now That It’s in the Broadband Game, Google Flip-Flops on Network Neutrality
Now That's What I Call Social Proof
Now that people are considering NOSQL will more people consider no-DB
Npm security post-mortem
Npm's Self-Signed Certificate is No More
Nuclear Power is Safest Way to Make Electricity
Nuclear fusion milestone passed at US lab
Numbers everyone should know
Nvidia Opens CUDA Platform, Releases Compiler Source Code
Nvidia Removed Linux Driver Feature Due to Windows
Nvidia announces Project Denver ARM CPU for the desktop
Nvidia deeply unhappy with TSMC, claims 22nm essentially worthless
Nvidia marketing manager killed during train rescue attempt
Nvidia seeks peace with Linux, pledges help on open source driver
Nvidia submits patches to open source driver
Nvidia to release documentation on Nouveau project
Nvidia's G-Sync: Attempting to Revolutionize Gaming via Smoothness
Nym Wars (Google+ "real name" rules)
O'Reilly donating ebook "Open Government" as a tribute to Aaron Swartz
OAuth 2.0 and the Road to Hell
OAuth 3.0: the sane and simple way
OAuth Will Murder Your Children
OK, Milt Olin, I'll start writing again
OMGPOP CEO tweets: "Shay Pierce was the weakest employee on the team"
ONO sells for $9.5 billion and nobody cares
OOP Isn't a Fundamental Particle of Computing
ORM is an anti-pattern
OS X 10.9 Mavericks: The Ars Technica Review
OS X Isn't for Developers
OS X Lion Now Available in the US Mac App Store
OS X Mountain Lion: Data Loss via 'Save As'
OS X emulation layer for Linux
OS X – Safe, yet horribly insecure
OS.js (JavaScript Operating System)
OSX For Hackers
OSX password script for everyone to know
OStatus: like Twitter, but open
OVH launches 2.99€/mo dedicated servers (2G RAM, 500G disk)
OXO, Crooks and Robbers?
Obama "IP czar" wants felony charges for illegal Web streaming
Obama Admin Pursuing Executive Order to Enact CISPA-Like Cybersecurity Language
Obama Announces $2B Fund for Startups
Obama Calls for Patent Reform to Topple Trolls
Obama Campaign AWS Infrastructure In One Diagram
Obama Order Sped Up Wave of Cyberattacks Against Iran
Obama Promises Disappear from Web
Obama Wins The Election. Here’s His Technology Agenda.
Obama administration asks Supreme Court to allow warrantless cellphone searches
Obama administration had restrictions on NSA reversed in 2011
Obama administration moves forward with unique Internet ID for all Americans
Obama said the NSA wasn’t “actually abusing” its powers. He was wrong
Obama threatens veto of CISPA bill
Obama to release FISA court opinion that ruled NSA surveillance unconstitutional
Obama wins back the right to indefinitely detain under NDAA
Obama's Secret Weapon In The South is 129 Million Years Old
Obama's Trauma Team: Inside the Nightmare Launch of HealthCare.Gov
Obama's job aid plan - $10,000 to $13,000 in assistance for entrepreneurship
Obama, NSA, Verizon and DoJ sued for $3B over PRISM
Obama: No warrantless wiretaps if you elect me (2008)
Obama’s Changes to Government Surveillance
Obama’s Path From Critic to Overseer of Spying
Obama’s crackdown views leaks as aiding enemies of U.S.
Obesity and Fitness Are Revolutionized By Reddit, Not Doctors
Obfuscated C Code Contest 2006. Please explain sykes2.c
Obituary for Michael Stern Hart, Project Gutenberg Founder
Objective-C in The Cloud
Objectivist C
Oboe.js: reacting to Ajax/Rest quicker by not waiting for it to finish
Observations from a Tipless Restaurant
Obsession
Occupy Portland's Dec 3rd Tactic to Neutralize Police
Occupy Wall Street activists buy $15m of Americans' personal debt
Ocean acidification due to carbon emissions is at highest for 300m years
Octopress - A blogging framework for hackers
Oculus Joins Facebook
Oculus Rift Will Change Your Gaming World
Oculus Rift co-founder killed by gang trying to escape police
Oculus Rift: Step Into the Game
Oculus VR raises $75M
Odd Things Happen When You Chop Up Cities and Stack Them Sideways
Ode to the App Review team
Off
Office Hours With Paul Graham At TC Disrupt
Office comparison: 37signals vs Zappos
Official Hacker News T-Shirt
Official Statement from the family and partner of Aaron Swartz
Official Steam client for Ubuntu released
Official comment from HN on dead threads
Official enrollment for Stanford's online AI class has begun
Official list of SOPA supporters
Official statement from WikiLeaks regarding Edward Snowden's exit from Hong Kong
Oh Yes You Can Use Regexes to Parse HTML
Oh, the Places You'll Go
Old People Icons That Don't Make Sense Anymore
Old TechCrunch + really fast, clean, customizable layouts
Older Is Wiser: Study Shows Software Developers’ Skills Improve Over Time
Ole Roemer and the Speed of Light
On 81st birthday, Oregon man gives company to employees (2010)
On Asm.js
On Atwood's Please Don't Learn to Code
On Bushido, launch apps from github repos
On Chomsky and the Two Cultures of Statistical Learning
On Citizenship in open-source software development
On Confirmed Assumptions or, Not Trusting Google is a Good Idea
On Hacking MicroSD Cards
On Heroku and 2012
On Not Hiring
On Patents
On Penny Arcade, Exploitation, and the Myth of the Do-Everything Rock Star
On Python security amidst recent Rails/YAML vulnerabilities
On Safety: A Word From Airbnb
On Stack Overflow's recent battles with the .NET Garbage Collector
On Succeeding Steve Jobs
On Tesla's induction motor
On being a girl in computer science - a confession
On being the right size (1928)
On concepts and realities
On moving from CouchDB to Riak
On sexism in the tech industry - rebuttal
On switching to Arch Linux
On the Cleverness of Compilers
On the Phenomenon of Bullshit Jobs
On the Timing of iOS’s SSL Vulnerability and Apple’s ‘Addition’ to NSA’s PRISM
On the Usability of Codecademy
OnLive assets acquired by newly formed company
OnStar Begins Spying On Customers’ GPS Location For Profit
Once Greece goes...
Once again, praise kids for effort, not for 'smarts'
Once-great SSD manufacturer OCZ filing for bankruptcy
One Bad “Policy Change” Email Can Kill Company Culture
One Million Concurrent TCP connections
One Thousand Dollars an Hour
One Way to Deal with Internet Thieves
One Woman's Dangerous War Against the Most Hated Man on the Internet
One Year After Quitting My Job
One base class to rule them all.
One cost engineers and product managers don't consider
One hiring filter that works
One of Apple’s Best Ideas Ever — Made Worse
One of the Best Bits of Programming Advice I ever Got
One of the Most Alarming Internet Proposals I've Seen
One reason Gmail for iOS still sucks
One with Vim
One-electron universe
One-line Tree In Python
One-time Secret: Share passwords etc with URIs that work only once
Online Cash Bitcoin could Challenge Governments, Banks
Online Education's Dirty Secret - Awful Retention
Online Python Tutor
Online Python Tutor: Learn programming by visualizing code execution
Online collaborative LaTeX editor
Online course: Build your own simulated computer, assembler, lang, OS, & game
Online graduate-level machine learning course from CMU's Tom Mitchell
Online hackers threaten to expose cartel's secrets
Online services I pay for
Only 90s Web Developers Remember This
Only a few countries are teaching children how to think
Only the Lonely
On{X}: The Coolest Thing to Happen to Android. Courtesy of… Microsoft Israel?
Ooops.
Oops: Android contains directly copied Java code, strengthening Oracle’s case
Oops: Azerbaijan released election results before voting had even started
Oops: Facebook caught planting anti-Google stories to press
Oops: No copied Java code or weapons of mass destruction found in Android
Opal - Ruby to Javascript compiler
Open Data Stack Exchange
Open Letter to Google About Rap Genius SEO
Open Letter to sites with annoying interfaces
Open Source (Almost) Everything
Open Source ARM userland
Open Source Game Clones
Open Source VLC media player 2.0.0 is out
Open Source Visitor.js
Open Source made me the man I am
Open Sourced Google Wave demo site. Run from a single server
Open Web Device
Open for everyone
Open letter to BlackBerry bosses: Senior RIM exec tells all as company crumbles
Open plan offices attract highest levels of worker dissatisfaction
Open source is not a war zone
Open source remakes of games you're still loving
Open-Source Graphics Processor
Open-Source High-quality PDF of SICP
Open-Source Speech Recognition: Simon 0.4.0 Released
Open-plan offices make employees less productive, less happy, and more sick
Open-plan offices must die
OpenBSD 5.4 Released
OpenBSD imports nginx into tree as future apache replacement
OpenBSD will shut down if we do not have the funding to keep the lights on
OpenClassroom: Free video courses from Stanford University
OpenEmu 1.0 Released
OpenSSH security advisory
OpenSSL memory use in Node.js
OpenShift by Red Hat
OpenSource Nano Quadcopter Kit
OpenStreetMap creates and distributes free geographic data for the world
OpenStreetMap gets new, easier to use in-browser editor
OpenStreetMap: Welcome Apple
OpenVim: Learn Vim in Your Browser
OpenZFS launch
Opening *.txt file is dangerous on Windows
Opensource contributor Bassel Khartabil detained in Syria. Needs help
Opera moves to WebKit
Operating Systems: Three Easy Pieces
Oppenheimer's recommendation letter for Richard Feynman
Opt Out of Klout Now
Optimizely Open-Sources Guiders.js, a Library to Help You Guide New Users
Oracle "sanitizes" Hudson's creator from wiki
Oracle 'donates' OpenOffice.org to Apache foundation
Oracle discontinues Ruby/Rails support for NetBeans
Oracle gives up on OpenOffice after community forks the project
Oracle knew about critical Java flaws since April
Oracle v. Google - Judge Alsup Rules APIs Not Protected By Copyright
Oracle/Google jury finds Google infringed SSO but hangs on fair use
Ordered List is a GitHubber
Orin Kerr: Why I Am Representing Auernheimer Pro Bono on Appeal
Orrick's Legal docs for startups
Ortiz says suicide will not change handling of cases
Osama bin Laden Is Dead
Our 3d printer is better than yours
Our Commitment to Trust & Safety
Our Django Book is Launched
Our First Node.js App: Backbone on the Client and Server
Our Logo Looks Like Underpants: A Case Study in Internationalization
Our Newfound Fear of Risk
Our Solar System Isn't Normal
Our Vacation Policy: Take Some
Our XMPP services at DuckDuckGo
Our office is too big -- we need some badass hackers to fill it up.
Our path to $1M in sales
Our security auditor is an idiot. How do I give him the information he wants?
Our tiny jQuery/Bootstrap rich text editor is now open-source
Our unrealistic views of death, through a doctor’s eyes
Our web development workflow is completely broken
Outlawed by Amazon DRM
Outrageous HSBC Settlement Proves the Drug War is a Joke
Ouya Breaks Kickstarter Records
Ouya: A New Kind of Video Game Console
Over 40% of cancers due to lifestyle, says review
Over one billion searches were made on DuckDuckGo in 2013
Overpriced Developer Conferences
Overstock.com Is Now Accepting Bitcoins
Overtone
Own Our Product Design.
Own Your Identity
Oxfam: 85 richest people as wealthy as poorest half of the world
Oxford announces new degree in Computer Science and Philosophy
O’Reilly Media Has Lost Its Soul
PDF Reader in JavaScript
PEP 435 Accepted – Adding an Enum type to the Python standard library
PEP 450: Adding A Statistics Module To The Standard Library
PEP 8 Modernisation
PG's Rarely Asked Questions
PG: The Art of Funding a Startup is now free on Amazon
PHP 5.3.3 hangs on numeric value 2.2250738585072011e-308
PHP 5.4.0 released
PHP Addiction
PHP Sucks But I Like It
PHP Sucks, But It Doesn't Matter
PHP is much better than what you think
PHP to deprecate MySQL extension
PHP will switch to git
PHP: A fractal of bad design
PHP: The Right Way
PHP: v8.js
PHPPHP: a PHP VM in PHP
POSIX close(2) is broken
PRISM fears give private search engine DuckDuckGo its best week ever
PS3 Root Key Hacker Sued
PS4 UX is powered by WebGL
PSA: Back Up Your Shit
PSD to HTML is Dead
PSN automatically "roots" your Facebook, no permission granted.
PSN has been hacked again
Packets of Death
Pacman running on DCPU-16
Page Speed Service
Page Weight Matters
PageLever is hiring Ruby developers
Paid Vacation? That’s Not Cool. You Know What’s Cool? Paid, Paid Vacation.
Pain of the New: The Hobbit at 48 fps
Pair (YC W12) is a Path for the Two of Us
Palantir and Prism: A Possible Link
Pandora Paid Over $1,300 for 1 Million Plays
Pandora and Royalties
Pandora doesn't hash their passwords
Panic of the Plutocrats
Panopticlick – How Unique, and Trackable, Is Your Browser?
Paper
Paper.js — The Swiss Army Knife of Vector Graphics Scripting
Paperfold CSS
Papers Every Programmer Should Read (At Least Twice)
Papers and essays that every programmer should be aware of
Papers, Please - A Dystopian Document Thriller
Papers, Please: A Dystopian Document Thriller
Papers, Please: The 'boring' game that became a smash hit
Parallella, a $99 Linux Supercomputer
Paralyzed Woman Controls Robotic Arm With Her Mind
Paranoia and deletion: the wipe man page
Pareidoloop: Faces generated at random
Parse (S11) is hiring engineers.
Parse (YC S11): A Heroku For Mobile Apps
Parse launches JavaScript SDK: Parse for Websites
Parsing Techniques - A Practical Guide
Parsing: the solved problem that isn't
Parsley.js: never write a single JavaScript line to validate your forms
Particle effects in JavaScript
Passive Income Hacker vs Startup Guy
Password Rules
Pastebin abused
Patent 5,893,120 reduced to mathematical formulae
Patent Troll Lodsys Settles for Nothing to Avoid Trial
Patent Troll: Anyone Using WiFi Infringes; Won't Sue Individuals 'At This Stage'
Patent Trolls: Make Them Pay
Patent US6368227 - Method of swinging on a swing
Patent US8296192 – Method for making money on the internet
Patent troll stalks travel site Hipmunk
Patent trolls want $1,000 per employee for using scanners
Patent war goes nuclear: Microsoft, Apple-owned “Rockstar” sues Google
Patents Threaten To Silence A Little Girl, Literally
Patents and innovation
Path menu in pure CSS3
Path texts my entire phonebook at 6am
Path uploads your entire iPhone address book to its servers
Paths to being a kernel hacker
Patio11 Wrote A Book On Conversion Optimization For Software Companies
Patio11 launches his lifecycle emails course
Patio11 says Hello Ladies
Patio11's perspective on the Japan Earthquake
Pattern - Web Mining Python lib
Pattern: A web mining & natural language processing system for Python
Paul Buchheit: Angel investing, my first three years
Paul Buchheit: The two paths to success
Paul Graham Keynote at PyCon
Paul Graham PyCon 2012 keynote
Paul Graham and not being as right as he could be in “The Age of the Essay”
Paul Graham consistently says ‘um’ ~7 times per minute
Paul Graham on Building Companies for Fast Growth
Paul Graham spills: Why some companies get his cash and others don't
Paul Graham's Letter to YC Companies
Paul Graham: SOPA Supporting Companies No Longer Allowed At YC Demo Day
Paul Graham: The Art of Funding a Startup
Paul Graham: Why Y Combinator Replaces The Traditional Corporation
Paulo Coelho advertises on Pirate Bay front page
PayMill, Stripe clone, rolls out silently across Europe
PayPal Acquires Braintree for $800M
PayPal Bug Bounty - a lesson in not being a fuckup
PayPal CEO writes personal response
PayPal Freezes Mailpile Campaign Funds
PayPal Mafia
PayPal forces buyer to destroy $2500 pre-WWII antique violin in dispute
PayPal sues Google + ex-PayPal VP for Google Wallet
Payment processing for Django
Payments Company Seeking Front-End Engineer
Payments Startup Stripe (YC S10) Joins the Billion Dollar Club
Paypal Does it Again
Paypal To Drop VMware From 80,000 Servers and Replace It With OpenStack
Paypal's fraud prevention routine does it again
Pdf.js: PDF Reader in JavaScript
Pdf.js: Rendering PDF with HTML5 and JavaScript
Pdf2htmlEX – Convert PDF to HTML without losing text or format
Peachy Printer - The world's first $100 3D Printer
Pearson takes down 1.5 million teacher/student blogs with a single DMCA notice
Pebble E-Paper Watch Raises $1M In 28 Hours
Peititon for Wikpedia to become first digital World Heritage Site
Peity - Little charts for little projects
Pencil
Pending Comments
Penny Arcade Sells Out
Penny Arcade’s Insultingly Horrible Job
Pentium-III autopsy
People Don’t Actually Like Creativity
People will never line up for Android phones
People with nothing to hide
Perfect Forward Secrecy can block the NSA, but almost no one uses it
Perfectly centered break of a perfectly aligned pool ball rack
Perfectum Dashboard
Performance Improvements Using Judy Arrays
Perian is shutting down
Perl is 25 years old today
Perlis Languages
Permanent home for Les Paul Google Logo
Person Finder: Boston Marathon Explosions
Persona - Mozilla's decentralized and secure authentication system
Persona is distributed. Today.
Persona makes signing in easy for Gmail users
Personal Fresh Air Desk
Perspective - 2D/3D puzzle platformer
Perspective: All of Earth's Water in a Single Sphere
Pervasive myths about older software developers
Peter Higgs: I wouldn't be productive enough for today's academic system
Peter Norvig on a 45-year-old article about a checkers-playing program
Peter Norvig on dance photography
Peter Norvig to teach 'Design of Computer Programs' at Udacity
Peter R’s Theory on the Collapse of Mt. Gox
Peter Tattam created Trumpet Winsock and got very little: Let's set things right
Peter Thiel Is Wrong About Higher Education (It’s Worse Than A Bubble)
Peter Thiel, Bill Gates, Khosla fund LightSail Energy in $37M Deal
Peter Thiel: We’re in a Higher Education Bubble
Peter Thiel’s startup class notes in PDF
Petition Obama adminstration to require free access to publicly funded research
Petition To Fire Aaron Swartz’ Prosecutor Reaches Goal
Petition against forced Google+ integration on YouTube hits 112,000
Petition the U.S. Government to Force the TSA to Follow the Law
Petition the Whitehouse to remove Carmen Ortiz from office
Petition to Pardon Edward Snowden
Petition to make unlocking phones legal again passes 100,000 signatures
Petition to pardon Edward Snowden reaches 100,000 signatures
Petition: Direct the Patent Office to Cease Issuing Software Patents
Petition: Stop bundling crapware with Java
Petition: require free access to publicly-funded research
Philosopher invents clever iPhone case
Phishing Has Gotten Very Good
Phishing with Linkedin's Intro
Photo of a Nuclear Explosion Less than 1 Millisecond After Detonation
Photo shows Mars rover descent
Photo tour of Facebook’s new datacenter
Photojojo, Jelly founder needs bone marrow match to save his life
Photoshop 'unblur' leaves MAX audience gasping for air
Phpfog "Down for maintenance"
Phrack Issue #68
Physical assault by McDonald's for wearing Digital Eye Glass
Physicist proposes new way to think about intelligence
Physicists Discover a Whopping 13 New Solutions to Three-Body Problem
Physicists Say They Have Found A Higgs Boson
Physics Engines for Dummies
PicPlum (YC S11): Beautiful Prints, Automatically Mailed for You
Pick a number from 1 to 10
Pickadate.js
Pictures of kittens for use as placeholders in your designs or code
Pictures of the first GUIs from Xerox
Pie charts in your favicon
Piercing Through WhatsApp’s Encryption
Pin is Australia’s first all-in-one payment API
Pinay traumatized by horror trip to US
Pinboard.in service limited - FBI raided hosting company and pulled equpiment
Pinterest Cut Costs from $54 to $20 Per Hour With Automatic Shutdowns
Pinterest, We Have a Problem
Pioneer Anomaly Solved By 1970s Computer Graphics Technique
Pipe: Infix syntax for Python
Piracy is Theft? Ridiculous. Lost Sales? They Don’t Exist
Piracy: are we being conned?
Pirate Bay Finds Safe Haven in Iceland, Switches to .IS Domain
Pirate Bay Founder Arrest Followed By $59m Swedish Aid Package For Cambodia
Pirate Bay Founder Arrested in Cambodia
Pirate Bay Founder Held In Solitary Confinement
Pirate Bay founder is being held in solitary confinement without a warrant
Pirate Party Germany gets into the parlament for the state of Berlin
Pirates playing a game dev simulator complain about piracy
Pixar open sources production animation code, patents
Pixar's Chris Horne Sheds New Light on Monsters University
Pixar's Library
Pixar: Getting over embarrassment
Pixar’s Rules of Storytelling
Pixel Art Tutorial
Pixel Perfect map of china
Pixel Shaders: Proposal for an Interactive Introduction to Graphics Programming
Pixel-fitting – how antialiasing can ruin your logos and icons
Pixelmator 3.0
Pixels don’t care
Pizza And Ramen Are Hurting Your Startup
Pizza Compass
PlaceIt by Breezi - Generate Product Screenshots in Realistic Environments
Plagiarism
Plain English explanation of Big O? (2009)
Plain Text Offenders - Did you just email me back my own password?
PlainSite Exposes 2,000 Intellectual Ventures Shell Companies
Plan 9 released under GPLv2
Plan9 has been forked: 9front
Planes Landing in Beijing: Video from Space
Planes overhead
Planet Earth time lapse photos from the International Space Station
Planning Algorithms
Plans for Vim 7.4
Play Framework 2.0 Final released
Play by Play: Zed Shaw
Play by Your Own Rules
Play framework 2.10 released
Play on Heroku
PlayStation 4 runs modified FreeBSD 9.0
Playing chicken with cat.jpg
Plea Bargaining and Torture in light of the Aaron Swartz case
Please Don't Become Anything, Especially Not A Programmer
Please Donate to the Internet Archive
Please Don’t Watch NBC Tonight. Or Any Night
Please Learn to Code
Please Poach Me
Please Steal These webOS Features
Please Stop Attacking MIT's Network
Please confirm your email address
Please do not take down the Sality botnet
Please don't learn to code
Please don't use pie charts
Please learn to write
Please let this not be the future of reading on the web
Please reconsider the Boolean evaluation of midnight
Please stay away from rebase
Please stop asking how to find a technical co-founder.
Please turn on two-factor authentication
Please use git pull --rebase
Please, make yourself uncomfortable
Pledge to cancel your Comcast in support of SOPA
Plenty Of Fish Hacked – Chris Russo’s explains how he did it
Plenty of Fish Hacked
Plink, a multiplayer HTML5 music game
Plot thickens in Airbnb vacation rental horror story
Pocket Released (Formerly Read It Later)
Podcasts for Hackers
PointerPointer: points to your cursor
Pokemon Yellow hack recodes the game from within
Police Documents on License Plate Scanners Reveal Mass Tracking
Police Raid 9-Year-Old Pirate Bay Girl
Police Return Seized Hardware to Victorious BitTorrent Admin, Trashed
Police concerned with Apple iOS 6 mapping system
Polish Internet community goes nuts against ACTA
Polish Prime Minister suspends the ACTA ratification
Politician Violates His Own Two-Strikes Anti-Piracy Plan
Politicians want “loser pays” rule for patent trolls
Poll: Are there too many NSA stories on HN, or not enough?
Poll: As a freelancer, how much do you bill per hour?
Poll: Display points on comments?
Poll: Do you have a 3d printer?
Poll: Do you know C?
Poll: Do you meditate?
Poll: Do you select text while reading?
Poll: Do you support software patents?
Poll: Do you test your code?
Poll: Do you think HN should go dark in protest of SOPA?
Poll: Do you use Google Reader on a daily basis?
Poll: Do you use your real identity on HN?
Poll: Full-time software engineers in London, what's your annual salary?
Poll: Full-time software engineers in the Bay Area, what's your annual salary?
Poll: HN readers, where's your residence?
Poll: Have you read SICP?
Poll: How long have you been programming?
Poll: How much did you earn from your stock options during exit?
Poll: How much do you make as a programmer?
Poll: How old are you?
Poll: Is the number of polls getting out of hand on HN?
Poll: Should HN display comment scores?
Poll: Should we push the YC deadline back by a day because of the storm?
Poll: Tech Bubble?
Poll: What are your liked and disliked programming languages?
Poll: What database does your company use?
Poll: What is your age?
Poll: What is your current Stack Overflow reputation?
Poll: What is your primary operating system
Poll: What level of math is programming roughly analogous to?
Poll: What should be done about the endless repetition of stories?
Poll: What's Your Favorite Programming Language?
Poll: What's Your Most Disliked Programming Language?
Poll: What's your favorite static site generator?
Poll: Where are you currently living?
Poll: Where do you work?
Poll: Would HN benefit from Reddit's AMA-style posts from technologists?
Polygonal Map Generation For Games
Polymer, a Web Components library built by Google
PonyDebugger: Chrome Developer Tools for Native iOS Apps
Poor Man's Scalability
Poor in India Starve as Politicians Steal $14.5 Billion of Food
Popcorn Time Is So Good at Movie Piracy, It’s Scary
Popcorn Time – Watch torrent movies instantly
Popcorn-app
Popular Websites Displayed in IE 5
Portal Released For Steam On Linux
Portal’s physics engine rebuilt in 25KB—on a graphing calculator
Porting Node to Windows With Microsoft’s Help
Porting dl.google.com from C++ to Go
Possible Governmental Backdoor Found ("case R2D2")
Posterous acquired by Twitter
Posterous cofounders create a replacement: Posthaven
Posterous will turn off on April 30
PostgreSQL 9.1 released
PostgreSQL 9.2 released
PostgreSQL 9.2.4, 9.1.9, 9.0.13 and 8.4.17 released
PostgreSQL Basics by Example
PostgreSQL Rising
PostgreSQL Studio
PostgreSQL as Schemaless Database [pdf]
PostgreSQL tips and tricks
PostgreSQL: Jsonb has committed
Postgres 9.2 will feature linear read scalability up to 64 cores
Postgres on the GPU
Postgres: The Bits You Haven't Found
Postgresql 9.3 Released
PowWow - Collaborative Screen Sharing
Power surges in Britain caused by millions of people making tea [video]
Power user replacements for OS X default apps
Powerchair: A dad hacks a wheelchair for his disabled 2-year-old son
Practical Garbage Collection - Part 1: Introduction
Practical Typography
PragDave: I'm on vacation, and I've deleted your message—really
Pre-branded domain names for startups
Predator Object Tracking Algorithm
Predicting Google Product Shutdowns
PredictionIO – A machine learning server
Prefer mercurial to git
Preparing Yourself for Modern JavaScript Development
President Obama calls on every American to learn code
President Obama on Steve Jobs: "He Changed the Way Each of Us Sees the World"
President Obama’s Dragnet
Pressure cookers, backpacks, and quinoa, oh my
Presto: Interacting with petabytes of data at Facebook
Pretty RFC
Preventing 'layout thrashing'
Previewing Windows 8 (Video)
Priceline.com acquires Kayak for $1.8B
Pricing Experiments
Pricing Principles
Pricing in reverse: use a product's price to figure out what you need to build
Prime number patterns
Prince Of Persia Code Review
Prince of Persia creator finds lost source code 23 years later
Prince of Persia for Commodore 64/128 released
Prince of Persia source code released (Apple II assembly)
Princeton Grad Student And 'Brilliant' Programmer, Dies In Apparent Suicide
Princeton bans academics from handing copyright to journal publishers
Principles of UI design
Printable True Bugs Wait Posters
Printers are spontaneously printing odd "SQL" strings
Prism Break
Probabilistic Data Structures For Web Analytics And Data Mining
Probabilistic Many-to-Many Relationships (with Bloom Filters)
Probabilistic Programming & Bayesian Methods for Hackers
Probablistic Programming and Bayesian Methods for Hackers
Problems with the TSA
Procrastination and Perfectionism
Procrastination is Not Laziness
Producer vs. Consumer
Producers of Minecraft Documentary upload their new movie to The Pirate Bay
Product Designer needed as a Co-Founder - Fast-Growing mCommerce startup
Production is Red, Development is Blue
Productivity tips for the easily distracted
Profiling Go Programs
Profit affects doctors' treatment decisions
Profitable W11 startup looking for hackers. Join us in our quest to kick healthcare's ass.
Programmer Competency Matrix
Programmer Creates An AI To (Not Quite) Beat NES Games
Programmer Interrupted
Programmer Time Translation Table
Programmers At Work: Bill Gates (1986)
Programmers' Day
Programmers' salaries at Google $250k (and up)
Programming Cheat Sheets
Programming Is Not for Everybody
Programming Language Checklist
Programming Language Development: The Past 5 Years
Programming Languages Have Social Mores Not Idioms
Programming With Nothing: FizzBuzz in the lambda calculus in Ruby
Programming is a Pop Culture
Programming is a Terrible Job
Programming languages are being deleted from Wikipedia
Programming languages to watch: LiveScript, Julia, Elixir
Programming languages worth checking out
Programming prodigy passes away at 16
Progress against SOPA
Progressive Enhancement Is Dead
Progressive JPEGs: a new best practice
Project Euler
Project Loon
Project Tango
Projects: hijack (Hijacking the iPhone earphone jack)
Prominent GitHub Engineer Quits, Alleging Gender-Based Harassment
Promising HIV vaccine passes phase one human trials with 90% success rate
Proof Claimed for Deep Connection between Prime Numbers
Proposed new HTML tag: IMG (1993)
Proposition HN: I will pay $8000 for you to build your side-project/MVP
Prosecutor as bully
Prosecutor pursuing Aaron Swartz linked to suicide of another hacker
Prostate cancer drug so effective trial stopped
Protect IP Renamed E-Parasites Act; Would Create The Great Firewall Of America
Protesters charged with 'Terrorism Hoax' for too much glitter on their banner
Protip for salary seekers pt 2: Results from some mining of the H1-B database
Protolol Jokes
Prototyping iPhone apps on paper with POP
Proxy server for Siri
Pry: A better Ruby REPL
Psd.rb
Psilocybin shows success in medical trials
PuTTY 0.61 released
Public speaking is tough
Publicly funded science should be open science
Pure CSS GUI icons (experimental)
Pure CSS3 dancing Bender
Pure: a set of small, responsive CSS modules
Push, push, push. Expanding your comfort zone
Pushing Nginx to its limit with Lua
Put Alan Turing on the next £10 note
Put.io
Putin on the Ritz
Putin: A Plea for Caution From Russia
Putting "Search" into Google yields a surprising result
Pwning a Spammer's Keylogger
PyCon Code of Conduct changed to avoid public shaming
PyPy 1.5 Released: Catching Up
PyPy 1.6 Released - Full Python 2.7.1 Implementation
PyPy 1.7 released: widening the sweet spot
PyPy 1.8 - business as usual
PyPy 2.0 Released
PyPy 2.0 beta 1 released
PyPy funded to begin support for Python 3 and Numpy
PyPy is faster than C, again: string formatting
PyPy's future directions
Pycon 2012 Videos
Pypy wants you - now's the time to start contributing to Pypy
Pyret: A new programming language from the creators of Racket
Python 3.2 Released
Python 3.3.0 released
Python 3.4.0 released
Python API
Python Application Deployment with Native Packages
Python Best Practice Patterns
Python Deployment Anti-Patterns
Python Ecosystem - An Introduction
Python Facts
Python For The Web
Python Idioms [pdf]
Python Language Features and Tricks
Python Libraries you should know about
Python Packaging: Hate, hate, hate everywhere
Python Programming in your Browser: PythonAnywhere
Python Requests: HTTP for Humans
Python Shortcuts for the Python Beginner
Python Tools for Visual Studio
Python and Django on Heroku
Python and Flask Are Powerful
Python and the Principle of Least Astonishment
Python at Netflix
Python code to solve xkcd 1313 by Peter Norvig
Python data tools just keep getting better
Python for Android | Linux Journal
Python for Data Analysis (new O'Reilly book from creator of Pandas)
Python for Humans
Python idioms
Python module that makes working with XML feel like working with JSON
Python now uses Mercurial
Python trademark at risk in Europe
Python's sad, unimaginative Enum
Python, the Web and Little Things on my Mind
Python.org Redesign Preview
Python: Common Newbie Mistakes, Part 1
Python: The Dictionary Playbook
Python: copying a list the right way
Q & A: Edward Snowden speaks to Peter Maass
Q – A Data Language
Q: Why can I access an out-of-scope C++ var? A: So you rent a hotel room...
Q: “How much does an app cost?” A: “About as much as a car.”
QEMU 1.4.0 released with 95% of native IO performance
QR Code in shopping cart handle
Qian Xuesen dies at 98; Co-Founder of JPL and China's space program (2009)
Quadrocopters juggle balls cooperatively
Quake 2 Source Code Review
Quake 3 engine in Rust
Quake Video Game Industry Legend Paul Steed Has Passed Away
Quantum entanglement shows that reality can't be local
Quark: A secure Web Browser with a Formally Verified Kernel
Question for PG/HN: Where do you think we stand on your list of "ideas"?
Questions People Ask When I Tell Them I Own an Airplane
Questions about Cameron’s ‘new’ porn-blocking
Questions to ask your potential employer
Questions you’ll (probably) get asked at your YC interview
Quick Nexus 7 Comments By Linus Torvalds
Quick Salary Tip for Software Engineers
Quick tip for developers who use OS X
QuickSilver for Mac Lives
Quickly generate product screenshots in realistic environments
Quickly navigate your filesystem from the command line
Quine Relay
Quora Blocks Startup Search Engines
Quora vs. StackExchange: Why, Joel, Why?
Quora’s Demise
Quotes from 1995 Steve Jobs Interview
Qwiki Epitomizes the Current Startup Bubble
R.I.P Atul Chitnis : The Man Who Changed the Open Source World
R.I.P. Phil Bagwell
R.I.P. Ray Bradbury, Author of Fahrenheit 451 and The Martian Chronicles
R.I.P. Ruby Hash Rocket Syntax 1993-2010
REST framework 2 released: Simple, beautiful, browsable Web APIs for Django
RFC 2468 - I remember IANA
RFC: Blanking all Wikipedia as SOPA protest
RIAA Accounting: How To Sell 1 Million Albums And Still Owe $500,000
RIAA claims you do not own your iTunes music purchases
RIM announces $518 million loss, 5,000 job cuts, delays BB10 to 2013
RIP Bill Zeller
RIP Hans Camenzind, Inventor Of The 555 Timer
RIP Open Source MySQL
RIP Stephen Covey, "7 Habits" author, dies at 79
RIP Vile Rat, EVE Online Diplomat, IRL State Dept Rep Killed In Benghazi
RIP, Anne McCaffrey
RIP, Dennis Ritchie, Father of Unix and C
RIP, dmr
RJS leaking vulnerability in multiple Rails applications
RMS lifestyle
ROME HTML5 demo
RSA Key Extraction via Low-Bandwidth Acoustic Cryptanalysis
RSA finally comes clean: SecurID is compromised
RSS Is Dying, and You Should Be Very Worried
RSS Rant
RStudio,a new IDE for R
Rabbit holes: Why being smart hurts your productivity
Racism at a gaming company
Racism in Tech
Rackspace accused of patent infringement for hosting Github
Rackspace cloud beats Amazon EC2, by a lot
Ractive.js
Radiation-hardened quine
Radio Shack to start stocking Arduino, Other Goodies
Raided 9-Year-Old Pirate Bay Girl Came To Save Us All
Rails 3 - Fully Loaded
Rails 3 Performance - Not Good Enough
Rails 3.1 Gem Available
Rails 3.1 shipping with CoffeeScript
Rails 3.1: Release candidate
Rails 3.2 RC1: Faster dev mode & routing, explain queries, tagged logger, store
Rails 4 will establish a new background job queueing API
Rails 4.0.1 has been released
Rails 4.0: Final version released
Rails 4.0: PATCH will replace PUT as the primary HTTP method for updates
Rails 4.0: Release Candidate 1 released
Rails Hotline (live phone help with RoR)
Rails SQL injection vulnerability: here are the facts
Rails is just an API
Rails is omakase
Rails' Insecure Defaults
Rainbow.js - code syntax highlighting in 1.2kb
Rainyday.js
Rambling On [PHP] Internals
Ramit Sethi and Patrick McKenzie on Getting Your First Consulting Client
Rampant Abuse of Push Notifications Is Ruining Them For All Developers
Rand Fishkin: Inbound Marketing for Startups
Rand Paul filibustering over drones
Random Startup Generator
Rands in Repose: The Noise
Rant: Backbone, Angular, Meteor, Derby
Rap Genius is Back on Google
RapGenius Growth Hack Exposed
Raphters, a web framework for C
Rapid DHCP: Or, how do Macs get on the network so fast?
Rapportive (YC S10) Has Been Acquired By LinkedIn
Rare Cancer Seen In 41 Homosexuals (1981)
Rare color film shows what London looked like in 1927
Rare pictures of North Korea
Raspberri PI Release Announcement
Raspberry Pi Colocation
Raspberry Pi moves manufacturing to the UK
Raspberry Pi now with 512MB RAM
Raspberry Pi: We’ve started manufacture
Ratchet: Prototyping iPhone apps in simple HTML, CSS, and JS
Rate my startup - Slowcop - measure your website's speed
Rather than savage cuts, Switzerland considers “Star Trek” economics
Rational Home Buying
Ray Kurzweil joins Google
Raymond Chen patches MS Money executable to fix bug
Razer will not cancel 90%-off test coupons
Rbenv, an unobtrusive rvm replacement
Re-Designing the classic email client
ReCAPTCHA Founder's New Startup: Killing Two Birds With One Stone
React, a JavaScript library for building user interfaces
React: Another Level of Indirection
ReactOS: Rebuilding Microsoft Windows from the ground up, fully open-source
Read less HN
Read the masters
Readability's new service
Real Life Model of M.C. Escher’s “Waterfall”
Real Men Go to Sleep
Realism in UI Design
Realistic Skin Rendering in WebGL
Realtime Bitcoin Stats
Realtime Responsive Typography Based on Viewing Distance via Webcam
Realtime Three.js Coding
Realtime Web Messaging over Animated Gifs
Realtime pixel tracking with nginx, syslog-ng, and Redis
Reasons to Open a Chinese Bank Account
Receiveee.com - disposable email address
Recommended Readings in AI - a list by Russell and Norvig
Recording police with your smartphone is a Constitutional right, says DoJ
Recruiters are, by and large, a waste of your time
Recruitment Process for a Google Site Reliability Engineer
Recursive Drawing
Recursive raytracer in 35 lines of JavaScript
Red Bull Stratos Skydive Rescheduled for today
Red Hat becomes the first open source company to amass a billion dollars
Redactor - WYSIWYG editor on jQuery
Redactor - javascript (jQuery) WYSIWYG editor
Reddit AmA: Director of the first ISP to challenge the USA Patriot Act
Reddit Considering Accepting Bitcoin
Reddit Is Down To One Developer
Reddit Traffic has Exploded in 12 Months
Reddit admin: "If SOPA passes it would almost certainly mean the end of reddit"
Reddit bans The Atlantic, Businessweek, others in major anti-spam move
Reddit becomes reddit Inc.
Reddit co-founder calls out Google, Twitter, Facebook over CISPA
Reddit co-founder on NSA snooping [video]
Reddit founder aims to build bat signal for the Internet
Reddit successfully pressures Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) to back off support of SOPA
Reddit takes a new direction
Reddit to Give 10% of Its 2014 Ad Revenue to Non-Profits Picked by Its Users
Reddit to go dark on Jan 18 to protest SOPA
Reddit traffic doubles in less than a year, to 2 billion monthly pageviews
Reddit user captures video of 2012 voting machines altering votes
Reddit user explains aging vs cancer
Reddit vs Hacker News vs Twitter
Reddit's database has only two tables
Reddit/HN clone in Clojure
Reddit: 2012 State of the Servers
Reddit: Lessons Learned From Scaling To 1 Billion Pageviews A Month
Redditor Explains Why Apple Continue Making Frail Power Cables
Redditor burnt by Paypal's "Rolling Reserve" feature
Redditors earning $100k+ a year, what are your secrets to your success?
Redditors pledging to donate thousands to Wikimedia if they dump GoDaddy
Redditors who are rich (net worth $1 million+) - how did you get rich?
Reddit’s Pitch deck to Advertisers
Reddit’s empire is founded on a flawed algorithm
Redecentralize: Quietly, some geeks are decentralizing the net again
Redesign: Users: Thrilled. Conversion Rates: Up. Sales: Unchanged.
Redesigning the Windows Logo
Redesigning the browser window
Redesigning the country selector
Redirect a running process output to a file and log out
Redis 2.6 is near
Redis 2.8.0 stable is out
Redis Sentinel beta released
Redis at Disqus
Redis crashes - a small rant about software reliability
Redis memory fragmentation contest
Redis persistence demystified
Redis: Zero to Master in 30 minutes
Redis: new disk storage to replace VM
Redis: the AK-47 of databases
Rediscovering the Rsync Algorithm
Redline Smalltalk V1.0
Refactoring GitHub's Design
Refining Ruby
Reflections on Trusting Trust (Ken Thompson's Turing Award speech)
Reform Government Surveillance
Refuse to be terrorized (Bruce Schneier)
Regex Golf
Regexper: Beautiful regexp visualizations
Reginald Braithwaite is a GitHubber
Regulation, not technology is holding back driverless cars
Reject the PROTECT IP Act
Rejected By VCs, Pebble Watch Raises $3.8M on Kickstarter
Rel="logo" (2011)
Release day economics
Releases – a workflow for shipping software to end users
Releasing my book "Hacking the Xbox" as a free PDF in honor of Aaron Swartz
Remain Diligent: SOPA and PIPA Must Be Squashed, Not Changed
Remember when people tracked bugs?
Remembering Aaron Swartz: Commons man
Remembering a relationship, one chat at a time
Reminder: "Broken gets fixed, but shitty lasts forever"
Remove Google Search History Before New Privacy Policy Takes Effect
Remove any Site From Google (even if you don't control it)
Removing garbage collection from the Rust language
Rendering the world
Rent a Mac in the cloud for development
Rent the country of Liechtenstein for $70,000 a night with Airbnb
Rent vs. Buy Visualization of Top 50 Cities
Rent-a-coder hilarity (2008)
Rep. Zoe Lofgren Introduces Aaron's Law [pdf]
Repairing Corrupted ZIP Files by Brute Force Scanning in C
Replace Dropbox with BitTorrent Sync and a Raspberry Pi
Report: Iran Hacked, Hijacked U.S. Drone
Reporting From the Web’s Underbelly
Repository Next
Reproducibility Initiative gets $1.3M grant to validate 50 cancer studies
Republicans Repudiate 40 Years of Tougher Copyright Laws
Request for Startups: Kill Hollywood.
Requests v2.0 Python module released
Requests, Python HTTP for Humans, reached v1.0
Requests: HTTP for Humans
Require companies to use the term "licensing" instead of "buying" with DRM goods
Requirements for DRM in HTML are confidential
Rescuing Resque: Let's do this
Research Finds Outright Grants of Cash are an Effective Form of Aid to the Poor
Research into hallucinogenic drugs begins to shake off decades of taboo
Research shows how MacBook Webcams can spy on their users without warning
Researcher decodes prairie dog language
Researchers 'speak' to dolphins in their own language
Researchers Expose Cunning Online Tracking Service That Can’t Be Dodged
Researchers Finally Replicated Reinhart-Rogoff, and There Are Serious Problems
Reshaping New York
Resigned
Resistor hack turns a Nvidia GTX690 into a Quadro K5000 or Tesla K10
ResizeMyBrowser
Resolutions for programmers
Responding to Wired's ad hominem hatchet job
Responsible Disclosure Policy
Responsive Web Design – Advanced Lesson
Restoration of defocused and blurred images
Restore the Fourth
Restore the Fourth Organizes Protests Against Unconstitutional Surveillance
Restoring Trust in Government and the Internet
Restoring a Photograph from the 1870s
Results for: Pick a number from 1 to 10
Resurgence of Neural Networks
Retailer uses 3D QR codes and the Sun to time limit discounts
RethinkDB raises an $8M Series A
RethinkDB: An open-source distributed database built with love over three years
RethinkDigg.com
Rethinking Sleep
Retiring a Great Interview Problem
Reuters totally clueless about the meaning of "hacking"
Reveal App
Reveal.js
Revealed: The guy behind IMDb
Revel, high-productivity Go web framework modeled on Play Framework
Revelations of N.S.A. Spying Cost U.S. Tech Companies
Reversal: Australian Govt picks ODF doc standard over Microsoft
Reverse Engineering a D-Link Backdoor
Reverse-Engineering Xkcd's 'Frequency'
Reversing Bits in C
Reversing Sinclair's amazing 1974 calculator hack - half the ROM of the HP-35
Review my weekend project: Webapp to add CSS to any website and share the result
Review of the 11" MacBook Air
Revising MailChimp's logo
Revisiting 'Zork': What We Lost in the Transition to Visual Games
Revisiting Google App Engine's pricing changes
Revolution in Kiev
Revolutionary "Light Field" camera tech - shoot-first, focus-later
Rewriting a large production system in Go
Rice Cooker Hacks - The Ebert Way
Rich Hickey stops Clojure funding appeal from 2011 onwards
Rich Hickey's Greatest Hits
Rich Hickey's new project: datomic.com
Rich Hickey: "Simple Made Easy" from Strange Loop 2011 [video]
Rich Hickey: Deconstructing the Database
Rich Hickey: Reducers - A Library and Model for Collection Processing
Rich Hickey: The Value of Values
Rich Hickey: extensible data notation
Richard Dreyfuss' dramatic reading of the iTunes EULA
Richard Feynman and The Connection Machine
Richard Feynman: Cargo Cult Science (1974)
Richard Lynch, an awesome PHP community guy and former colleague needs our help
Richard Posner: Why There Are Too Many Patents In America
Richard Stallman Collapses At Barcelona Conference
Richard Stallman Inducted Into the 2013 Internet Hall of Fame
Richard Stallman Was Right All Along
Richard Stallman calls Ubuntu “spyware” because it tracks searches
Richard Stallman on Steve Jobs: correction
Richard Stallman's Computer Setup
Richard Stallman: How I do my Computing
Richard Stallman: Let’s Limit the Effect of Software Patents
Richard Stallman’s rider
Richest Bitcoin Addresses
Rick Falkvinge: Why free speech is harmed by the ban on child porn
Rick Santorum's Fake Donation Meter
Ridiculously easy world times and meetings across time zones
Riding the New Silk Road
Right versus pragmatic
Ring Counter Clock: still running after 40 years
Ripping Off Young America: The College-Loan Scandal
Ritalin Gone Wrong
Rob "CmdrTaco" Malda Resigns From Slashdot
Rob "CmdrTaco" Malda's Resume. Anyone interested?
Rob Pike comments on Ryan Dahl's rant
Rob Pike on Object Oriented programming
Rob Pike: Dennis Ritchie has died
Rob Pike: Go at Google
Rob Pike: The Best Programming Advice I Ever Got.
Rob Pike: the origin of dotfiles
Robert Morris, Pioneer in Computer Security, Dies at 78
Robinhood: $0 commission stock brokerage
Robot cars on public roads? California says yes
Rockstar condemns Max Payne 3 cheaters to play only against each other
Roger Boisjoly dies at 73; engineer tried to halt Challenger launch
Roger Ebert dies at 70 after battle with cancer
Roger Ebert: The dying of the light
Roger Penrose Says Physics Is Wrong, From String Theory to Quantum Mechanics
Roll your own toy UNIX-clone OS
Romanian Prime Minister Admits He Has No Idea Why Romania Signed ACTA
Romanian saves OpenBSD?
Ron Paul Launches Snowden Clemency Petition
Ron Paul speaks against SOPA
Ron Paul’s Farewell Address: The Internet Can Stop Big Government
Room Temperature Superconductivity Found in Graphite Grains
RoomScan: Get a Floor Plan in Minutes Just By Walking Around the Room
Root Domain Website Hosting for Amazon S3
Root keys for Sony’s PlayStation 3 go public
Rootbeer GPU Compiler Lets Almost Any Java Code Run On the GPU
Rootkit on a Brand new Toshiba laptop
Rosetta: ESA’s ‘sleeping beauty’ wakes up from deep space hibernation
Rotate the world
Rotating Images
Royal pardon for codebreaker Alan Turing
Rubinius 2.0 released
Rubular - a Ruby regular expression editor
Ruby 1.9.3 released
Ruby 2.0.0 Released
Ruby 2.0.0 feature freeze
Ruby 2.1 Released
Ruby 2.1.1 is released and Ruby turns 21
Ruby Trick Shots
Ruby is too slow for programming competitions
Ruby on Rails 4.0.0.beta1 released
RubyMonk - ruby lessons right in your browser
RubyMotion - Ruby for iOS
RubyMotion Goes 2.0 And Gets OSX Support, Templates and Plugins
RubyWarrior - Bloc
Rubygems.org AWS bill for Feb 2014 [pdf]
Rubygems.org compromised
Rule #1 for beta invites: remind me what you do
Rule of Consulting: You can’t stop people from sticking beans up their nose
Rules of a Zen programmer
Run Mac OS System 7 in your browser
Run Windows 1.01 in your browser
Running a startup on Haskell
Russ Olsen: The Best Programming Advice I Ever Got
Russia Blocks Access to Major Independent News Sites
Russia in color, a century ago
Russia plans $65bn tunnel to America
Russia's Crime of the Century
Russia: Hidden chips 'launch spam attacks from irons'
Russian Man Changes Small Print in Credit Card Agreement, Then Sues
Russian Physicists Solve Radio Black-Out Problem for Re-Entering Spacecraft
Russian legislative elections 2011 - statistical evidence of vote fraud
Russian meteor largest in a century
Russian programmer fights Goldman Sachs and wins one round
Rust 0.5 released
Rust 0.9 released
Rust is surprisingly expressive
Rustboot: a 32 bit kernel written in Rust
Ryan Bates launches RailsCasts Pro
Ryan Dahl (Creator of Node.js) is doing an IAMA on Reddit
Ryan Dahl steps down
RyuJIT: The next-generation JIT compiler for .NET
S2011 Startup ISO Code-MacGyver
SDL 2.0.0 is out after many years in development
SEO tricks from Patio11
SETI Institute suspends search for aliens
SF/Palo Alto-based Startup Hiring Software Engineers
SHA-3 to Be Announced
SICP in Python
SICP is Under Attack
SICP optimized for Kindle
SICP translated to JavaScript
SIM Cards Have Finally Been Hacked, and the Flaw Could Affect Millions of Phones
SLR Camera Simulator
SOAP: The 'S' stands for simple (not really)
SOPA 'shelved' until consensus is found
SOPA Hearing is Streaming Live
SOPA Hearings Delayed, 140,000 Americans watched the hearings
SOPA Opponents May Go Nuclear
SOPA creator received half a million dollars from the TV/Film/Music lobby
SOPA died in 2012, but Obama administration wants to revive part of it
SOPA is a Red Herring
SOPA is all fun and games until NBC rips off Apple's artwork
SOPA is dead: Smith pulls bill
SOPA lives—and MPAA calls protests an "abuse of power"
SOPA not Dead. Hearings to Resume in Feb.
SOPA sponsors break their own laws
SOPA vote is now December 21
SOPA-Supporting News Outlets Aren't Covering SOPA
SOPA-like Nightmare: Domain Shut Down, No Notice, Over A Million Pages Down
SPDY Review by Opera Software
SPDY: What I Like About You
SQL Injection Vulnerability in Rails
SQL Injection Vulnerability in Ruby on Rails; affects all versions
SQL injection search
SQL is Agile
SQLite 3.8.0 Release with next-generation query planner
SQLite improves performance with memory-mapped I/O
SSH Key Audit on Github (required)
SSH Tricks
SSH client in Google Chrome
SSH productivity tips
SSH tricks
SSL broken. (TLS 1.0 cryptographic attack that works. Not just fake certs.)
SSL: Intercepted today, decrypted tomorrow
STFU About What Women Want
SaaS Club
Saab wins Brazil jets deal after NSA spying sours Boeing bid
Sad but true: Napster '99 still smokes Spotify 2012
Sad, Tired, and Alone: My Ongoing Battle With Startup Depression
Safari extension to hide Bitcoin stories on HN
Safari is released to the world
Sal Khan explains SOPA / PIPA
Sal Khan has started videos about Python
Sal Khan is MIT's 2012 Commencement speaker
Sal Khan responds to critic
Salary Negotiation: Make More Money, Be More Valued
Salary Negotiations: What is Possible When There's no More Money
Salary negotiations for techies
Sally Ride, first American woman in space, has died at 61
Salman Khan of Khan Academy AMA on reddit
Salt, We Misjudged You
Salt: Like Puppet, Except It Doesn’t Suck
Salted Password Hashing – Doing it Right
Sam Altman for President
Sam Altman will clean your house for $5
Sam Soffes open sources Cheddar for iOS
Sample App with Backbone.js and Twitter Bootstrap
Samsung Galaxy Back-door
Samsung admits to posting fake user reviews on the web
Samsung agency is buying off StackOverflow users
Samsung cites Kubrick's "2001" as Prior Art in Patent Case Against Apple
Samsung flew bloggers to Berlin, then threatened to leave them there
Samsung installs keylogger on its laptop computers
Samsung is hurting Android
Samsung reveals its pre-iPhone concepts: 10 touchscreen devices
Samsung's A15 Chromebook Loaded With Ubuntu Is Crazy Fast
Samurai: New Payment Gateway from FeeFighters
San Francisco
San Francisco, I Love You But You’re Bringing Me Down
San Francisco’s Secret DC Grid
Sane RSS usage
Satellite Images of North Korea Prison Camps Find 200,000 Living as Slaves
Satellite burns up following SpaceX rocket glitch
Satellite killed by trajectory patent
Satoshi Nakamoto denies being Dorian Nakamoto
Satoshi Nakamoto is probably Nick Szabo?
Saturn's North Pole Is A Hexagon, And No One Knows Why
Satya Nadella – Microsoft's CEO
Saudi Arabia implements electronic tracking system for women
Save IE6
Save My House From Apple
Save Padmapper: Craigslist is wrong to shut them down. An open letter to Craig
Save more with Google Drive
Save the Internet from the US
Save your eyes, start using f.lux
SaveTheInternet.eu – the EU vote on net neutrality tomorrow
Saved 10 billion DNS queries per month by disabling DNS Prefetching
Saving a Life is Easy, But I Didn't
Say hello to Octicons
Saying goodbye to Python
Sayonara, V8
Scala 2.10 now available
Scala == Effective Java?
Scala – 1 Star – Would Not Program Again
Scala: The Static Language that Feels Dynamic (Bruce Eckel)
Scalability
Scaling Django to 8 Billion Page Views
Scaling GitHub
Scaling GitHub's Employees
Scaling Mercurial at Facebook
Scaling Pinterest - From 0 to 10s of Billions of Page Views a Month in Two Years
Scaling lessons learned at Dropbox, part 1
Scaling with MongoDB (or how Urban Airship abandoned it for PostgreSQL)
Scenes from a militarized America
Schema Migrations for Django
Schema migrations merged into Django master
Schlep Blindness
Schneier removed from TSA oversight meeting at TSA request
Schneier: The Dishonest Minority: Security and its Role in Modern Society
School ditches rules and loses bullies
School is a prison and damaging our kids
School of Data - Learn how to find, process, analyze and visualize data
Schoolchildren ordered indoors as air pollution cloaks Shanghai
SciRuby
Science has lost its way, at a big cost to humanity
Scientific Breakthrough Lets SnappyCam App Take 20 Full-Res Photos Per Second
Scientist Creates Self-Filling Water Bottle
Scientist banned from revealing codes used to start luxury cars
Scientists Back Kiera Wilmot by Tweeting About All the Stuff They've Blown Up
Scientists Say Their Giant Laser Has Produced Nuclear Fusion
Scientists See Promise in Deep-Learning Programs
Scientists Uncover Invisible Motion in Video
Scientists discover second code hiding in DNA
Scientists' proposed calendar synchronizes dates with days
Scott Adams on How to Get a Real Education
Scott Adams: How to Be Successful
Scott Adams: How to Tax the Rich
Scott Adams: The Heady Thrill of Having Nothing to Do
Scott Forstall leaves Apple
Scott Hanselman's 2011 Ultimate Developer and Power Users Tool List for Windows
Screenshot-proof images via temporal dithering
Screw Hashbangs: Building the Ultimate Infinite Scroll
Screw the power users
Screw you. Pay me.
Scroogled (1997)
Seagate just reinvented the disk interface using Ethernet
Search leakage is not FUD. Google et al., please fix it.
Search, Mad Men style: A complete IBM 362 Google interface in the browser
Search: .lenght - Github
SearchYC is shutting down
Searching for Mark Pilgrim
Searching the Internet for evidence of time travelers
Seattle to deploy Gigabit fiber network
Sebastian Thrun AMA on reddit
Secret Documents: NSA monitored 500 million connections in Germany
Secret Fears of the Super-Rich
Secret Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement
Secret app on millions of phones logs key taps
Secret contract tied NSA and security industry pioneer
Secret government: America against democracy
Secret to Prism program: Even bigger data seizure
Secure Boot isn't the only problem facing Linux on Windows 8 hardware
Secure Shell chrome (killer) app
Secure your Linux server - HowTo by the NSA
Securing Your Domain Against Seizure: Where Is Safe to Register a Domain Name?
Securing a Linux Server
Securing an Ubuntu Server
Security Incident on FreeBSD Infrastructure
Security advisory: Breach and Django
Security incident update
Security researcher Charlie Miller booted from Apple Developer Program
See Your Folks
See how many times a URL has been shared on Facebook
See what Google knows about you
Select2 - A better way to make select boxes (with jQuery)
Self-Taught Programmers vs CS-Educated Programmers
Self-driving Volvos cover 200km of busy Spanish motorway
Selfspy - Tool for Personal Data Analytics
Selling Software To Large Businesses
Selling Your Software To Businesses - TwilioCon 2012 presentation
Semantic UI – A language for sharing UI
Semicolon: A language of semicolons
Sen. Ron Wyden places a "hold" on the PROTECT IP Act
Senate bill rewrite lets feds read your e-mail without warrants
Senate hearing on Bitcoin [video]
Senator Al Franken: No joke, Comcast trying to whack Netflix
Senators skip classified briefing on NSA snooping to catch flights home
Send Them Your Money: A Campaign to Send The RIAA/MPAA Billions
Send a Facebook message to anyone's inbox, for free
Send money with Gmail
Send payouts with Stripe
SendGrid Fires Company Evangelist After Twitter Fracas
Sent $10,701.03 to Coinbase. Still missing bitcoins.
Sent $35,104.11 USD to CoinBase. Never received Bitcoins
Sequence of Events in the Cockpit on Asiana Flight 214
Sequoia gives photo-sharing startup more money than they gave Google
Sergey Brin Calls On Politicians To Abandon Political Parties
Sergey Brin Demos Google Glass At I/O
Sergey Brin gives $500,000 to help Wikipedia
Sergey Brin invests in synthetic beef
Sergey Brin on Steve Jobs
Sergey Brin's Clarification on Guardian article
Sergey Brin, Please Pick up your Paychecks
Sergey Brin, et al. to U.S. Government: Do Not Emulate These Oppressive Nations
Seriously, stop with the booth babes
Seriously.js
Seriously? Ads?
Serving at the Pleasure of the King
Servo Layout Engine: Parallelizing the Browser [video]
Set up an email server in two hours
Seth Vidal, creator of yum, killed in hit and run accident
Setting up Sublime Text 2
Seven Minutes in Ubuntu: A Mac user's first impressions
Seven habits of effective text editing
Severing Ties with the NSA
Sexual Harassment at DefCon (and Other Hacker Cons)
Sh.py
Shaft passer
Shall We Use Clojure?
Shame.css
Shapecatcher - draw the unicode character you want
Shapecatcher: Draw the Unicode character you want
Sharding and IDs at Instagram
Share of Income Gains by Quintile - Great Depression til Now
ShareLaTeX
Sheerwind
Shenzhen is Like Living in a City-Sized TechShop
Sheriff Fires Cop Who Threatened to Arrest Me for Taking Photos of Cops
Sherlock Holmes Is in the Public Domain, American Judge Rules
Ship's cat
Shipping $36000 worth of Japanese candy
Shit HN Says
Shit for Making Websites
Shitter: Toilet Paper of Tweets
Shock, awe: British government agrees that copyright has gone too far
Shodan: The scariest search engine on the Internet
ShoeFitr: The company Amazon must buy immediately
Shopify POS
Shopify accepts Bitcoin
Shopping for Spy Gear: Catalog Advertises N.S.A. Toolbox
Short film set entirely on a teen's computer screen
Shortcat - Keyboard productivity app for Mac OS X
Shortchanging Your Business with User-Hostile Platforms
Shot tower
Shots fired at MIT - report of an active shooter near Bldg. 32 (Stata)
Should All Web Traffic Be Encrypted?
Should I use a carousel?
Should Quadrotors All Look Like This?
Should You Really Be A Startup Entrepreneur?
Should we stop believing Malcolm Gladwell?
Should we talk about the fact that founder Jody Sherman didn't just die?
Show HN - We just built a site that saves lives
Show HN: "Never wait on hold again" service built with Rails and Twilio
Show HN: "Who is hiring" mapped
Show HN: 5000 best movies
Show HN: 6 months ago I quit my job to pursue indie dev. Here is our first game
Show HN: A Github for writers?
Show HN: A Lisp-based in-browser toy operating system
Show HN: A Way To Hack HN's Karma
Show HN: A date range picker for Twitter Bootstrap
Show HN: A directory of single-page sites and useful apps
Show HN: A fix for the .bash_profile .bashrc .profile madness
Show HN: A new way to view IAmA's on Reddit
Show HN: A simple IP address API
Show HN: A storebuilder contained in a single text area
Show HN: A visual HTML5 animation editor in your browser
Show HN: A visual explanation of Fisher–Yates shuffle
Show HN: Action.io - 0 to Rails in 60 seconds in your browser
Show HN: Amazon EC2 instance comparison table
Show HN: An IDE for poets
Show HN: An OS X music library I've been working on for the past year.
Show HN: An anonymous P2P social network for Android, written in Clojure
Show HN: An isometric marble run build in CoffeeScript
Show HN: Analytics.js – The analytics API you've always wanted
Show HN: Automatic weekly meal planner, also plans your leftovers
Show HN: Bateman, a stock trading system I'm working on
Show HN: Beatbar - Media player that beats in the browser address bar
Show HN: Beginning Android for iOS Developers
Show HN: BigVideo.js
Show HN: Bootswatch, free swatches for your Bootstrap site
Show HN: BrainTripping - language model comedy
Show HN: Brandseen - A logo coloring game built in 24h
Show HN: Breakup Notifier
Show HN: Bubbles - my unfinished HTML5 Particle Game
Show HN: Built a Hacker News radio web app I can listen to
Show HN: Burner, for temporary phone numbers
Show HN: Business.txt - Standard Proposal
Show HN: CSS3 Animated Glowing Forms
Show HN: CSS3 animation
Show HN: Cap'n Proto, by the ex-maintainer of Protocol Buffers
Show HN: Chime - A Notification Center for the Web
Show HN: Clojure DSL for pattern-matching, parsing and generic programming
Show HN: Clutch.io helps you build iOS apps fast and update them instantly
Show HN: Codecademy.com, the easiest way to learn to code
Show HN: Collections, a fast multiple-account Google Docs client for Mac
Show HN: CoreOS, a Linux distro for containers
Show HN: Craigslist Car Search
Show HN: Create Javascript charts with one line of Ruby
Show HN: Ditch Black Text to Read Faster, Easier
Show HN: Docverter, the hosted document conversion service, is now open source
Show HN: Drawingboard.js
Show HN: Easel, web design in the browser
Show HN: Easy to use Wikipedia API for Python
Show HN: Ejecta, A Fast, Open Source JavaScript, Canvas Implementation for iOS
Show HN: Eligible API for 700+ Health Insurance Companies
Show HN: Enterface, a UI design app concept I'm designing
Show HN: Entire concerts algorithmically "reconstructed" from YouTube videos
Show HN: Favicon alert bubbles
Show HN: Fed up with WebEx, so we built a way to screen share in under 20 sec.
Show HN: Filepicker.io - dead simple file uploads
Show HN: Final Touch
Show HN: Find your color scheme
Show HN: Firebase, a scalable real-time backend
Show HN: Flattest Route - A web app to help you avoid hills in SF
Show HN: Floobits – Remote pair programming done right
Show HN: Fluid iPad App Concept
Show HN: Flutter - Control Spotify or iTunes Using Gestures thru Webcam
Show HN: Framebase.io, Video for Developers
Show HN: Free hi-resolution photos for your website. 10 new photos every 10 days
Show HN: Fresh-baked rustic sourdough bread, delivered within 20 minutes
Show HN: Game where you write Python robots to fight other players
Show HN: Github for Designers
Show HN: Gitter – Chat for GitHub
Show HN: Given an API, Generate client libraries in Node, Python, PHP, Ruby
Show HN: Gmail.js – JavaScript API for Gmail
Show HN: Google Charts done in Canvas, side project
Show HN: Google Music for Mac
Show HN: Gridspot, 10x cheaper cloud compute using distributed computing
Show HN: HN Trends - like Google Trends, but for Hacker News
Show HN: Habit List - my first iOS app
Show HN: Hacker News Comments
Show HN: Hacker News Mobile - A fast and readable mobile HN website
Show HN: HackerBooks.com
Show HN: HackerNews reimagined without tables or center elements.
Show HN: HackerThings - Products for hackers
Show HN: Hackershelf. Community curated collection of legally free books
Show HN: Hacking a Raspberry Pi into a wireless airplay speaker
Show HN: Heap is a new approach to analytics. Just capture everything
Show HN: Hosted Docker-as-a-Service on SSDs for $5
Show HN: How I built a self-driving (RC) car.
Show HN: How I turned an old book into a (barely) profitable website
Show HN: I Created the Inverse of Angry Birds
Show HN: I built a self-hosted Basecamp alternative. Try the demo
Show HN: I built a stock market game based on the top 50,000 websites
Show HN: I built a thing
Show HN: I built this game alone – design, code, music, sound, marketing
Show HN: I decided to document and share my high-level CSS best practices
Show HN: I hacked my microwave with a Raspberry Pi
Show HN: I love weird socks and I'm finally launching my lifestyle business
Show HN: I made $8000 in one day on the Mac App Store
Show HN: I made 30 apps this year and I'm 15
Show HN: I made a Web-based Todo App - used: CSS3 3D transforms, Node.js, love
Show HN: I made an HN for the financial industry
Show HN: I mapped US medical prices. Save thousands by driving a few miles
Show HN: I mixed selling t-shirts with a little bit of game theory
Show HN: I open-sourced my web app alternative to Illustrator
Show HN: I redesigned the Microsoft employee badge
Show HN: I spent two years working on an HTML5 game. I finally released it
Show HN: I'm 14, I learned Objective-C, and this is my first iPhone game
Show HN: I'm building an open-source, high-frequency trading system
Show HN: I'm tired of corrupt US politicians, so I created this
Show HN: I'm working on an open-source Gmail replacement
Show HN: I've been making one HTML5 game per week. Here's my 10th game
Show HN: IMDb Top 250 available on Netflix Instant
Show HN: Imagine a search engine that removed top million sites from its index
Show HN: Incorporate your startup online with YC's forms (built by two lawyers)
Show HN: Increase your productivity with ambient noise
Show HN: Instant Google Street View
Show HN: Interactive SICP
Show HN: Introducing Harp – A static web server with built in preprocessing
Show HN: Iorad - the tutorial builder
Show HN: JS library to make your website instant
Show HN: KernType, a typography game made with Raphaël
Show HN: Kerning.js — Take control of your web typography
Show HN: Kimono – Never write a web scraper again
Show HN: KytePhone turns any Android into a kids-friendly phone
Show HN: LaughMatch
Show HN: Learn English with movies and TV Shows
Show HN: Learn iPhone and iPad development in less than an hour
Show HN: Learned Objective C as a high schooler and made this iPhone game
Show HN: Let's end the Programmer Salary Taboo
Show HN: Life – A timeline of important events in (your) life
Show HN: Like Button for Hacker News
Show HN: Log.io (Realtime log monitoring, powered by node.js + socket.io)
Show HN: Logos in Pure CSS
Show HN: Markupwand, magically convert your photoshop files to HTML & CSS
Show HN: Meet your cardboard buddy.
Show HN: MemStash - Commit things to memory
Show HN: Meteor, a realtime JavaScript framework
Show HN: Minecraft clone in 2500 lines of C - even supports multiplayer online
Show HN: Minified.js – a fully-featured, 4K alternative to jQuery and MooTools
Show HN: Mixest, my summer project that crawls the web for new indie music
Show HN: Monster Coloring Book, my first App just launched. What do you think?
Show HN: Moqups - Vectorial mockups with HTML5 and SVG
Show HN: Most Wikipedia articles lead to the same loop
Show HN: Multiplayer Snake in Go
Show HN: Music for Geeks and Nerds
Show HN: My 1-year project, iPad IDE with GitHub and Heroku integration
Show HN: My 4-hour project, already profitable
Show HN: My Desk Chair
Show HN: My Github résumé
Show HN: My Node.js two weekend project. Color palettes from Flickr images.
Show HN: My Weekend Hack - Stack-Ed: Learn from the best on StackOverflow
Show HN: My Zappos/Twilio hackathon entry
Show HN: My collection of web-apps that I'm finally comfortable in sharing
Show HN: My current App Store Featured Game was written entirely in Scheme
Show HN: My first Mac app, Foreman, free and on Github. Would love feedback
Show HN: My first web app - Resumonk - A beautifully simple resume builder
Show HN: My first web app, DailyDo.it
Show HN: My network connection monitor for Mac
Show HN: My new JavaScript MVC framework
Show HN: My seven minute workout timer evening project
Show HN: My side project – Do I need a visa for...?
Show HN: My weekend project - preview TV sizes on your wall
Show HN: My weekend project using the Soundcloud API
Show HN: My weekend project, QR-codes for everybody
Show HN: My weekend project, tracking the services you can't have in Canada
Show HN: My x86 emulator written in JavaScript
Show HN: Myth – CSS the way it was imagined
Show HN: New platform for finding work - $2000 project minimum
Show HN: Non-Confusing, Visually Correct Slider Toggle UI
Show HN: Online C/C++ to assembly visualizer [Weekend Project]
Show HN: Open-sourcing my CV template [Helvetica, XeTeX, TikZ & Biblatex]
Show HN: Our Hackable E-Paper Watch for iPhone and Android
Show HN: Our alternative to recruiter spam
Show HN: Our new $149 hackable Bluetooth wristwatch
Show HN: Pick a better background pattern for your website
Show HN: PickHealthInsurance.com
Show HN: Probabilistically Generating HN Post Titles
Show HN: Product Hunt – Hacker News for Products
Show HN: Pulse — A simple pulsating indicator.
Show HN: Q&A for HN users
Show HN: QR Codify, The Most Useful Snippet I've Ever Written
Show HN: Random Street View
Show HN: Real-time file sharing site
Show HN: Real-time server monitoring in your browser
Show HN: Redis Dashboard
Show HN: Redis/ruby-based realtime event-tracking
Show HN: Remote Jobs (our answer to "Who Is Hiring Remote Workers?")
Show HN: Remove backgrounds from images online
Show HN: Responsive Email Templates
Show HN: RewindHN - Go back in Hacker News history
Show HN: Ridiculously cheap bulk geocoding
Show HN: Run iOS apps in the browser
Show HN: Save Memory in Google Chrome
Show HN: Scoutzie, 444 best mobile designers for hire.
Show HN: Scratchpad.io - a real-time HTML and CSS editor
Show HN: Script Excel with Python
Show HN: Scroll Reddit
Show HN: Scrollorama
Show HN: See Kickstarter successes and failures
Show HN: See what the best startups in the world are using
Show HN: SideProjects.com - 37 Bootstrapped Profitable Projects
Show HN: Simperium, a realtime data layer
Show HN: Siri-as-a-Service Speech API
Show HN: Sketchology
Show HN: Smozzy (for Android/T-Mobile) - browse the web without a data plan
Show HN: SocialFolders, "Dropbox for social"
Show HN: Soundslice – YouTube + synced guitar tabs + HTML5
Show HN: Streak.com - Do sales, support and bug tracking all inside Gmail
Show HN: Telescope, an open-source social news app built with Meteor
Show HN: TextBlob, Natural language processing made simple in Python
Show HN: The Bastards Book of Photography
Show HN: The home automation system with an API
Show HN: The users behind Hacker News
Show HN: Themes for Bootstrap
Show HN: This up votes itself
Show HN: Tiled Text – a Different Approach to Editing Text
Show HN: Tired of entering map directions on iPhone? I've streamlined it
Show HN: UI Concept – Focus Transition
Show HN: Usability checklist – catch common problems before user testing
Show HN: Use Easel to style and build Bootstrap interfaces
Show HN: Use any text as a domain name
Show HN: Vector - A High-Level Programming Language for GPU Computing
Show HN: Vinepeek - watch the world in realtime in 6 second snippets
Show HN: Virtual Machines in the Browser
Show HN: We Use That. What startups use to get stuff done
Show HN: We built real MMO Asteroids
Show HN: We got tired of asking 'What browser are you using?' and created this
Show HN: We just launched our MVP, a new RSS Reader
Show HN: We just open-sourced a Skype replacement with HTML5
Show HN: We made a spam-free lyric search engine
Show HN: We made an addictive way to browse pictures on reddit
Show HN: We measure classroom confusion
Show HN: We open sourced Lockitron's crowdfunding app
Show HN: We've open-sourced our bootstrapped startup, ShareLaTeX
Show HN: Webflow - Design responsive websites visually
Show HN: Weekend project - Magnific Popup
Show HN: Weekend project, Intro.js
Show HN: What Do You Think Of My Resume?
Show HN: What colour is your IP address?
Show HN: When is good time to submit a story on HN?
Show HN: Who's Hiring? (postings mined from Twitter)
Show HN: WideArea – an expandable textarea
Show HN: Wit – Natural language for your app
Show HN: Write a sort, watch it go
Show HN: XKCD-inspired StackSort
Show HN: Yoleo – A Beautiful RSS Reader
Show HN: a free multi-user whiteboard with unlimited, zoomable surface
Show HN: a web-based xkcd-style comix editor
Show HN: fontBomb - Stylishly destroy the web
Show HN: garlic.js - don't let your users lose their form data
Show HN: gist.io, blogless writing for hackers
Show HN: govuptime.com
Show HN: goworker – a faster, Resque-compatible background worker
Show HN: hint.css – a tooltip library in CSS
Show HN: iPG - YC Interview Simulator
Show HN: jsdares – learning programming visually
Show HN: made a html5 game, polished it many many times
Show HN: movies.io — torrent search like it should be
Show HN: my 4-y-o son drew a video game. He drew then we hacked together.
Show HN: my Mac app just got fireballed
Show HN: my database engine for GPU
Show HN: my new project, an anti-snub dating site
Show HN: my useless weekend project, add speech bubbles to images
Show HN: my weekend project, Gumroad
Show HN: noteZilla - Interactive sheet music
Show HN: roll.io eats txt files and shits youtube videos. Useful?
Show HN: roots - a toolkit for advanced front-end dev
Show HN: thedaywefightback.js
Show HN: vi in your browser - edit files directly from Dropbox, etc
Show HN: vim-multiple-cursors - True Sublime Text style multiple selection
Showing stored passwords – Tim Berners-Lee
Showoff
Shumway: a SWF interpreter entirely in JavaScript
Shut up and play nice: How the Western world is limiting free speech
Shutting Down a Dream
Shutting down a product? Open source it.
Shuush
Side Project: 1 Month, $10,000
Signs that you are a bad programmer
Silence: Because I talked so rarely, people took the time to listen to me
Silent Circle shuts down email service
Silent Technical Privilege
Silicon Milkroundabout: Forget the banks, come and join a London startup
Silicon Valley's dirty secret - age bias
Silicon Valley’s Productivity Secret
Silicon Valley’s Youth Problem
Silicon Valley’s engineering salaries are finally getting fair. Thank Facebook
Silk Road 2 Hacked, All Bitcoins Stolen
Silk Road 2.0 Launches
Silk Road 2.0: A concept of a distributed anonymous marketplace
Silk — Interactive generative art
SimCity Burning: A Warning to Publishers on The Dangers of Always-Online DRM
SimCity’s Sims Don’t Seem That Smart After All
Simple API with Nginx and PostgreSQL
Simple Dynamic Strings library for C
Simple Minecraft Clone in 580 lines of Python
Simple Questions for Google Regarding Chrome’s Dropping of H.264
Simple Sabotage Field Manual (1944)
Simple algorithms
Simple git workflow is simple
Simple user styles for popular websites
Simplify your life with an SSH config file
Simpson's paradox
Simpsons in CSS
Simulations back up theory that Universe is a hologram
Sinatra::Synchrony - Evented, fast, concurrent Ruby web apps with no callbacks
Single Element MacBook Pro with CSS
Single Page Web Apps with Backbone.js
Single page apps in depth
Single page apps in depth (new free book)
Single-block collision for MD5
SingleHop Are Cheats
Singularity Chess
Sir Patrick Moore, astronomer and broadcaster, dies aged 89
Sir Tim Berners-Lee Stars in Olympic Opening Ceremony
Sir Trevor Editor
Siri meets Eliza
Site plagiarizes blog posts, then files DMCA takedown on originals
Site44 turns Dropbox folders into websites
Sitting All Day: Worse For You Than You Might Think
Six-Legged Giant Finds Secret Hideaway, Hides For 80 Years
Size is the best predictor of code quality
Skeleton: A Beautiful Boilerplate for Responsive, Mobile-Friendly Development
Skeuocard
Skeuomorphism
Skills Don’t Pay the Bills
Skip Flash, Build Animations in HTML5 With Hype (YC W11)
Skrillex Quest
Skrollr - parallax scrolling for the masses
SkyMall's SkyFall
Skydiver shatters world record with 24-mile leap
Skype 4.0 for Linux
Skype 5 for Mac
Skype 5 for Mac blocks all webcam access by Flash. Skype says it is "by design"
Skype IP Lookup
Skype account hijack technique may affect all users
Skype backdoor confirmation
Skype bug gives attackers root access to Mac OS X
Skype hands 16-year-old's personal information to IT company
Skype options turn out to be worthless
Skype protocol reverse engineered, source available
Skype vulnerability allowing hijacking of an account if you know just the email
Skype's Crazy Regex Easter Egg
Skype's Principal Architect explains why peer-to-peer was eliminated
Skype’s Worthless Employee Stock Option Plan: Here’s Why They Did It
Slashdot founder Rob Malda on why there won’t be another Hacker News
Slate: Tiling window management for OS X
Sleep Flushes Toxins from the Brain
Sleep Sort
Sleep is more important than food
Sleep: Everything You Need to Know
Sleepbox
Sleepwalking into censorship
Slice HD: you will hurt your fingers on your iPad
Slicehost accounts will be converted to Rackspace cloud accounts
SlideShare acquired by LinkedIn
SlideShare ditches Flash for HTML5
Slightly More Advanced Git techniques
Sloppy Reporting on the Self Driving Car
Sloppy UI – A collection of sloppy iOS7 UIs
Small
Small Utah ISP firm stands up to ‘surveillance state’
Small teams are dramatically more efficient than large teams
Small things add up: 4chan's migration to a cookieless domain
Smart Air
Smart Guy Productivity Pitfalls
Smart Things Jeff Bezos Has Said
Smart people don't think others are stupid
Smartphone can use its microphone to extract RSA decryption key from laptop
Smoke Screening: Journalist tests TSA
Smooth CoffeeScript
Smooth Online Signatures, Open Source
Smuggling USB Sticks
Snake game in a data: URI
Snap for Beginners: Haskell Web Development
Snap – A JavaScript SVG Library
Snapchat Phone Number Database Leaked
Snapchat Spurned $3 Billion Acquisition Offer from Facebook
Snapchat, You've Made a Huge Mistake
Snapjoy (YC S11) Will Organize Your Photos For You
Snapshot: Viaweb, June 1998
Sneak peek of Macaw – a code-savvy web design tool [video]
Snow Fall: The Avalanche at Tunnel Creek
Snowden Disclosures Finally Hit 12 on a Scale of 1 to 10
Snowden Documents Reveal Surveillance and Pressure Tactics Aimed at WikiLeaks
Snowden Interview with Jacob Applebaum
Snowden Leaves Hong Kong on Commercial Flight to Moscow
Snowden ally Appelbaum claims his Berlin apartment was invaded
Snowden asylum still under review, stays in airport for now
Snowden distributed encrypted copies of NSA docs around the world
Snowden granted 1-year asylum in Russia, leaves airport
Snowden releases information about Australian Intelligence gathering programs
Snowden's Asylum: 'It's the law, stupid'
Snowden: US hacks Chinese mobile phone companies, steals SMS data
So I’m the guy who sent the t-shirt out as a thank you
So Long and Thanks for all the Bits
So You Want To Be A Breaker, Part 1: Web Security
So You Want to Be a Security Expert
So You Want to be a Programmer
So You'd Like to Make a Map using Python
So very sad to hear about the passing of Ruby legend Jim Weirich
So what happened to the HN server?
So what's wrong with 1975 programming? (2008)
So you are making good money, now STFU
So you think you can tell Arial from Helvetica?
So you think you know C: the Ksplice Pointer Challenge
So you think you own your Twitter name?
So you want to write a fast Python?
So, That’s It For Thunderbird
So, you want to crypto
Social Login Buttons Aren’t Worth It
Social Roulette has a 1 in 6 chance of deleting your account
Software Architecture cheat sheet
Software Businesses In 5 Hours A Week
Software Inventory by Joel Spolsky
Software in 2014
Software on Steam
Software patent reform just died in the House
Software will not be patentable in New Zealand
Sol — a sunny little homemade virtual machine
Solar panel made with ion cannon is cheap enough to challenge fossil fuels
Solar panels could destroy U.S. utilities, according to U.S. utilities
Solar-Powered 3D Printer that Prints Glass from Sand
Solar-panel "trees" really are inferior
Solarized - Color scheme for vim, mutt, terminal emulators
Soldering is easy - 7 page comic book about how to solder
Solitary in Iran Nearly Broke Me. Then I Went Inside America's Prisons
Solo.im – A single founder peer group
Solve the Problems Your Parents Have
Solve your first world problems
Solved By Flexbox – Cleaner, hack-free CSS
Solving FizzBuzz with C++ compiler error messages
Solving Instagram's Unshredder with Mechanical Turk and $0.50
Solving The Hacker News Problem
Some Asians' college strategy: Don't check 'Asian'
Some Notes About Time
Some People Understand REST and HTTP
Some advice from Jeff Bezos
Some dark corners of C
Some killjoys have removed the blink tag from Firefox
Some performance tweaks
Some things I've learnt about programming
Some things beginners might not know about Sublime Text
Some web development tips from a former Digg developer
Some weekend work that will (hopefully) enable more Egyptians to be heard
Someone Just Leaked Obama's Rules for Assassinating American Citizens
Someone got the natural gas report 400 ms early
Someone is stealing your life (1990)
Someone just made a $147,239,214 Bitcoin transfer
Something is burning in the server room; how can I quickly identify what it is?
Something is deeply broken in OS X memory management
Something is wrong with this picture.
Something really scary is going on in Germany
Sometimes the bug isn't in your code, it's in the CPU
Sony Music Brazil hacked
Sony Pirates KDE Artwork
Sony loses 12,700 credit card numbers
Sony offers hacker a job. Hacker turns them down because of geoHot
Sony sells its waterproof mp3 player inside a bottle of water
Sony sued over PSN "can't sue us" clause
Sony to ban gamers from PSN unless they waive right sue over security breaches.
Sony uses DMCA to silence speech that reveals its security flaws
Sony was running unpatched Apache with no firewall for months before breach
Sony's Captcha. View source to see why they don't "get" security
Sony, Nintendo, EA hide behind PR move. Still support SOPA
Sony: All personal data stolen from PSN
Sony: The Company That Kicked the Hornet's Nest
SonyPictures.com hacked, personal information and passwords compromised
Sophie In North Korea
Sorry Google; you can Keep it to yourself
Sorry, NSA, Terrorists Don't Use Verizon. Or Skype. Or Gmail
Sorry, RSA, I'm just not buying it
Sorry, this blog post is not available in your country.
Sorry, your “cool” webapp is probably not going to make money
Source Sans Pro: Adobe’s first open source font family
South Africa's Nelson Mandela dies
Soviet Venus Images
Soylent Campaign
Soylent Month Three
Soylent: What Happened When I Stopped Eating For 2 Weeks
Space Stasis (Neal Stephenson)
Space Station grabs SpaceX Dragon ship
SpaceX Dragon successfully docks with International Space Station
SpaceX Falcon 9/Dragon Launch Webcast (starts at 12:00am PDT)
SpaceX Grasshopper Flies High
SpaceX Grasshopper Takes Off and Lands Vertically [video]
SpaceX ISS launch webcast starts at 4:15 am EDT
SpaceX Launch - Official Webcast
SpaceX Successfully Completes First Mission to Geostationary Transfer Orbit
SpaceX aims to put man on Mars in 10-20 years
SpaceX headed to the ISS tomorrow
SpaceX to fly to International Space Station in November
SpaceX update: The engine did not explode
SpaceX wins $440M contract with NASA to develop Space Shuttle successor
SpaceX's First Official Cargo Resupply Mission to the ISS - Launch Webcast
SpaceX’s entry into $70 billion U.S. launch market draws Lockheed jab
Spaced repetition for study and learning
Spain threatened with trade blacklist for not passing SOPA style law
Spanner: Google's Globally-Distributed Database
Spark
Spark Capital will now pay their own legal bills
SparkFun: We Hear You
Sparrow acquired by Google
Sparrow for Windows was just a few weeks away
Speaking of the British
Speaking up
Speculation on "BULLRUN"
Speed Hashing
Speed up your sites with PageSpeed for Nginx
Speed-of-light experiments yield baffling result at LHC
Speeding up PHP with the HipHop VM
Speeding up Rails startup time
Spin.js, a pure JS spinner
Spine -- A lightweight framework for building JavaScript web applications
Splash screens == sloth
Spooning by bitbucket
Spotify Sued For Patent Infringement Just Weeks After Entering US Market
Spotify and Facebook: Is that phishing?
Spotify launches in the US
Spotify now requires a Facebook account to sign up.
Spotify position in support of systemd in the default init debate
Spray-on liquid glass is about to revolutionize almost everything
Sprite Cow: Generate CSS for sprite sheets
Sprite Lamp
Spritz – read 500 words per minute without any training
Spy Files 3
Spy agencies in covert push to infiltrate virtual world of online gaming
Sqlmap: Automatic SQL injection and database takeover tool
Sqrt(x*x+y*y)+3*cos(sqrt(x*x+y*y))+5 from -20 to 20
Square Cash
Square Register
Square introduces monthly pricing
Square open-sources Tesseract: fast filtering for coordinated views
Square open-sources its Vim repo, Maximum Awesome
Square responds to Verifone's allegations
Square thinks I don’t exist
Square's Disruptive Payment Service About to Get A Huge Retail Boost from Apple
Square’s Disruptive New iPad Payments Service Will Replace Cash Registers
Squash
Squirt.io – Readability Meets Spritz Speed Reading
Sshuttle - tunnel all your traffic through ssh
Stack
Stack Overflow Makes Slow Pages 100x Faster By Simple SQL Tuning
Stack Overflow answer explaining JS in the "Wat" talk
Stack Overflow ranks #2 for Google Search for "Stack Overflow"
Stack Overflow: Printing 1 to 1000 in C
StackOverflow
StackOverflow also planning to switch from GoDaddy due to SOPA concerns.
StackOverflow clone, created entirely with Redis and jQuery
Stackoverflow Is A Difficult Community to Participate In
Stackoverflow: Are there any famous one-man-army programmers?
Staffer axed by Republican group over retracted copyright-reform memo
Stallman's Dystopia
Stallman: "Facebook is an international parasitism project."
Stallman: Facebook is Mass Surveillance
Standalone sandboxed IE6, IE7, IE8 executables (Recovered after a takedown)
Standing invitation: if you want to talk software, I want to talk to you
Standups are Not Poisonous
Stanford CS enrollment increase "downright scary"
Stanford Computer Science '10-'11 Salary Survey Results
Stanford Fall 2011 - Introduction to Databases
Stanford Fall 2011 - Machine Learning
Stanford Free Classes – A review from a Stanford Student
Stanford Offers 13 classes, including AI, for free
Stanford Ovshinsky: the greatest scientist you've never heard of?
Stanford Scientists Put Free Text-Analysis Tool on the Web
Stanford University Free Class: Design and Analysis of Algorithms I
Stanford announces 16 free online courses for fall quarter
Stanford bioengineer develops a 50-cent paper microscope
Stanford researchers to open source model they say has nailed sentiment analysis
Stanford to host more online classes
Stanford's CS 101 course uses Javascript
Stanford's online Machine Learning class now open for enrollment
Staples Announces In-Store 3D Printing Service
Star Trek as a purely symbolic artifact of past times
Star Wars Traceroute - How I did it
Star Wars opening crawl from 1977 in HTML/CSS/JS
StarCraft: Orcs in space go down in flames
StarWars + Git logs = StarLogs
Starbucks Chooses Square for Payments
Starcraft 2 Automated Player
Starcraft reverse engineered to run on ARM
Starlite
Start Something Small
Start Using Emacs – A Thorough Guide for Beginners
Start-up NY
Started a stupid company. Failed.
Starting a Bike Shop
Starting an Airline
Starting is easy. Finishing is hard. Finish something at Finish Weekend.
Startup - Bill Watterson, a cartoonist's advice
Startup = Growth
Startup America -- Dead on Arrival
Startup Economics 101, or, How Long Until We’re Dead?
Startup Ideas Every Nerd Has (That Never Work)
Startup Ideas We'd Be Willing To Pay For
Startup Investing Trends
Startup School 2012 Videos
Startup School 2013 Doodles
Startup School 2013 Videos Now Online
Startup School 2013 – Live Stream
Startup Suicide -- Rewriting the Code
Startup advice
Startup developing HIV/AIDS vaccine is 2nd nonprofit accepted into Y Combinator
Startup dudes: Cut the sexist crap
Startup hopes to hack the immigration system with a floating incubator
Startup lessons
Startups Are Bands for Hackers
Startups Are Hard
Startups Are Hard. So Work More, Cry Less, And Quit All The Whining
Startups in stealth mode need one piece of advice.
Startups should not use GoDaddy. Ever
Startups, Fix Your "From" Field
State paid $22K each for Internet routers
Statement by Edward Snowden to human rights groups at Sheremetyevo airport
Statement by Julian Assange after One Year in Ecuadorian Embassy
Statement from Edward Snowden in Moscow
Statement from the Family of Neil A. Armstrong
Statement of Condemnation of U.S. Mass-Surveillance Programs [pdf]
Static analysis of an unknown compression format
Statically Recompiling NES Games into Native Executables with LLVM and Go
Statistical Formulas For Programmers
Statistics Done Wrong – The woefully complete guide
Status Chart: Your Personal Status Dashboard
Stay away from This* (thiswebhost.com)
Stay-at-home dad
Stealing Your Address Book
Stealing the United States Government by stealing .gov
Steam Controller
Steam Family Sharing
Steam for Linux Beta
Steam for Linux Beta Now Available
Steam loses user database
Steam'd Penguins
SteamMachines
SteamOS
SteamOS: It's here
Stellar Wind (code name)
Step by Step UI Design
Step by step from jQuery to Backbone
Stephen Elop is the 7th biggest individual shareholder of Microsoft
Stephen Fry reveals he attempted suicide in 2012
Stephen Hawking lost $100 bet over Higgs boson discovery
Stephen Hawking: 'There are no black holes'
Stephen Wolfram on Steve Jobs: A Few Memories
Steps To $5,000 In Monthly Recurring Revenue
Steve Ballmer's Microsoft
Steve Ballmer's Nightmare is Coming True
Steve Heymann Should Be Fired
Steve Jobs Book Excerpt: Why he wore the black mock turtleneck uniform
Steve Jobs Danced To My Song
Steve Jobs Ponders His Legacy In Never-Before-Seen 1994 Video
Steve Jobs Presents His Ideas For A New Apple Campus
Steve Jobs Resigns as Apple CEO (Official Letter)
Steve Jobs Resigns as CEO of Apple
Steve Jobs Sometimes Lies to You
Steve Jobs To Take ‘Medical Leave Of Absence’, Stays On As CEO
Steve Jobs Understands Team Building
Steve Jobs brainstorms with the NeXT team
Steve Jobs emails that show how to win a negotiation
Steve Jobs has died
Steve Jobs has passed away.
Steve Jobs isn’t our Dad
Steve Jobs left designer Jony Ive more power than anyone at Apple
Steve Jobs passed away one year ago - HN Frontpage
Steve Jobs personally asked Eric Schmidt to stop poaching employees
Steve Jobs' Best Quotes
Steve Jobs' exchange with Palm CEO Ed Colligan
Steve Jobs' memo to startups
Steve Jobs' reality distortion takes its toll on truth
Steve Jobs's Real Genius
Steve Jobs's response after getting a Google employee fired.
Steve Jobs, BMW & eBay
Steve Jobs, LSD and Drug Freedom
Steve Jobs: Thank you for disobeying me
Steve Pavlina: 30 days since I quit Facebook
Steve Wozniak on Samsung patent verdict: ‘I hate it and I don’t agree with it’
Steve Wozniak: Internet should not have gatekeepers or regulators
Steve Wozniak: Windows Phone is more beautiful and intuitive than Android
Steve Yegge quits Google in the middle of his speech [OSCON Data 2011]
Steve Yegge v. Rich Hickey re: "Clojure just needs to start saying Yes"
Steve Yegge's foreword to Joy of Clojure
Steve Yegge: Follow Up to His Accidentally Public Rant
Steve Yegge: Notes from the Mystery Machine Bus
Steve's Google Platform rant
Steve's story - Google employee #13
Steven Sinofsky to Leave Microsoft
Stick bomb
Still running strong after 1,532 days without a code change.
Stock Android Isn't Perfect: Things I Can't Stand About Jelly Bean
Stolen Camera Finder
Stolen From Apple
Stolen Money on Gittip, Part 1
Stop Calling Projects Startups
Stop Freelancing
Stop Generalizing About Europe
Stop Glorifying Hard Work and Long Hours
Stop Paying Your jQuery Tax
Stop Penalizing Boys for Not Being Able to Sit Still at School
Stop SOAP
Stop SOPA, save the Internet
Stop Taking Yourself So Seriously
Stop Telling Women To Do Startups
Stop Using The Cup of Coffee vs. $0.99 Cent App Analogy
Stop Watching Us
Stop Writing JavaScript Compilers, Make Macros Instead
Stop Writing REST API Clients
Stop externalising your life
Stop motion video shot over 2 years with 288,000 jelly beans
Stop reading this blog and learn something
Stop the E-Parasite Act
Stop the NSA "Fake Fix" Bill
Stop validating email addresses with your complex regex
Stop whining and start hiring remote workers
Stop working so hard
Stop writing classes...
Storage for Photographers
Storing 25 petabytes of Megaupload data costs us $9,000 a day
Storing Passwords Securely
Stranded Jet Skier Breaches Multimillion Dollar Security System At JFK Airport
Stripe And A/B Testing Made Me A Small Fortune
Stripe Button (beta)
Stripe Checkout
Stripe Connect
Stripe Gallery
Stripe Raises $20M From General Catalyst, Sequoia, Thiel
Stripe in Canada
Stripe launches beta in the UK
Stripe open-sources Einhorn
Stripe partners with Chilling Effects
Stripe raises $18 million from Sequoia
Stripe's 22-Year-Old Irish-Born Founder Is Just Getting Started
Stripe: Bitcoin Sign-up
Stripe: Marketplaces
Stripe: instant payment processing for developers
Strongbox and Aaron Swartz
Structure and Interpretation of Classical Mechanics
Student Is Sanctioned for Creating Class-Registration Web Site
Student Suspended for Refusing to Wear a School-Issued RFID Tracker
Student Who Found GPS Device On His Car Due To Reddit Comment Sues The FBI
Student can't afford tablet for girlfriend, so builds her one for $125
Students Question the NSA at Recruiting Session [audio]
Study Finds Engineers Far More Likely than MBAs to Build and Run Companies
Study Suggests Link Between Dread Pirate Roberts and Satoshi Nakamoto
Stunned by Go
Stupid Programmer Tricks and Star Wars GIFs
Stupid, Stupid xBox
Stuxnet is now on GitHub
Subject: Airbnb
Sublime Text 2 Beta released with Auto-complete and Improved UI
Sublime Text 2 Build 2181
Sublime Text 2 Web Inspector
Sublime Text 2.0 Released
Sublime Text 2: Beta
Sublime Text 2: Public Alpha Released
Sublime Text 3 Beta
Sublime Text 3 Public Beta
Submarine Cable Map
Subtle Patterns
Subtle Patterns: Free textures for your next web project
Success at Work, Failure at Home
Success, and Farming vs. Mining
Successful people are successful
Such a Little Thing: The Semicolon in Rust
Sucks to be an old engineer
Sudden Progress on Prime Number Problem Has Mathematicians Buzzing
Suddenly, Hacker News is not the first result for 'Hacker News'
Suffering-oriented programming
Sugar, acid and teeth (2009)
Suicide
Suite of 300 icons for web and user interface design
Summer 2011 YC company seeks CoffeeScript drinking engineer (Chicago)
Summer 2011 YC company seeks CoffeeScript drinking frontend engineer
Sun Goes Down. Up Comes A Mystery
Super Awesome Sylvia shows super simple Arduino
Super Mario 64 was built with a system written in Lisp
Super Mario Brothers GameBoy (and all GameBoy games) ported to HTML5
Super Mario World "Executes Arbitrary Code" [video]
Super Meat Boy leaves database wide open
Super Soaker creator awarded $72.9M from Hasbro
Super successful companies
Super-resolution from a single image
Supercoders needed to take down cybercriminals. Join us (YC S11)
Superstitious users and the FreeBSD logo
Support the FSF: Help us stop Restricted Boot
Supreme Court of Canada: No Liability for Linking
Supreme Court rules 9-0 that warrant absolutely needed for police GPS tracking
Supreme Court rules human genes may not be patented
Supreme Court sides with student in case over textbooks
Supreme Court: Natural Isolated DNA Not Patentable, Synthetic DNA Is [pdf]
Surf Air: Unlimited Flights for $1k/mo
Surface Pro 2
Surface Pro versus MacBook Air: Who's being dishonest with storage space?
Surfing the Modern Web with Ancient Browsers
Surprise: People hate being forced to use Facebook
Surprises from numerical linear algebra (2010)
Surprisingly undervalued books
Surveillance critic Bruce Schneier to leave post at BT
SurveyMonkey Acquires Wufoo (YC W06)
SurveyMonkey to buy Wufoo (YC W06) for $35m
Surviving in-flight breakup of an SR-71 Blackbird at Mach 3.18
Suspension, Ban or Hellban?
Sustaining git-annex development
Swartz didn't face prison until feds took over case, report says
Swearing
Sweden 'a close partner' in NSA surveillance
Sweden Runs Out of Garbage With Waste-to-Energy
Sweet sanity: 75% of Americans say infringement fines should be under $100
Swiffy: convert SWF files to HTML5
Swiftype (YC W12) Builds Site Search That Doesn’t Suck
Swiss Government: Downloading Movies and Music Will Stay Legal
Swiss to vote on 2,500 franc basic income for every adult
Switch to HTTPS Now, For Free
Switching from Gmail to FastMail
Switching to DuckDuckGo and Firefox
Sydney tunnel water screen stop sign for oversized vehicles [video]
Syrian Internet Is Off The Air
System for generic, decentralized, unstoppable Internet anonymity
Systemic traffic jams caused by small groups of drivers, study says
Syte: Simple but powerful packaged personal site
T * sin (t) ≈ Christmas tree
T-Mobile CEO: “This industry blows,” biggest carriers offer “horseshit”
T-Mobile Rocks
T-Mobile to offer free unlimited international data, texts
T-Shirt Printing API
TED Talks joins Netflix's stable of streaming content
TED and inequality: The real story
TEDTalks as of 06.16.11
THN Magazine Stole Our Code and Design
TL;DR — Faster News
TOML, Tom's Own Markup Language
TPP Leak Confirms the Worst: US Still Trying to Trade Away Internet Freedoms
TPP treaty (ACTA all over) provisions leaked.
TSA Admits In Leaked Doc: No Evidence of Terrorist Plots Against Aviation in US
TSA Removes X-Ray Body Scanners From Major Airports
TSA Threatens Mainstream Media Not To Cover Story
TSA loudspeakers threaten travelers with arrest for joking about security
TSA: Fail
TV is broken
TVs are all awful
TWTR
Tacocopter - Flying Robots Deliver Tacos To You
Tacocopter Basics
Tailgating YC
Take Over The Galaxy with GitHub (DCPU16 support)
Take a short break in a quiet place
Take my money, HBO
Take pride or fuck it
TakeThisLollipop - really clever/creepy use of the Facebook API
Taken
Taking Cold Showers
Taking payments online in Europe in 2013
Talent Acquisitions
Tame.JS: Flow-control by the makers of OkCupid.com
Tangle is a JavaScript library for creating reactive documents.
Tangle: a JavaScript library for reactive documents
Tanking the YC interview, some lessons learned
Taping of Farm Cruelty Is Becoming the Crime
Tarkovsky Films Free Online (2010)
Tarsnap critical security bug
Tarsnap now takes credit cards (switching from Paypal to Stripe)
Tarsnap outage post-mortem
Tarsnap – Online backups for the truly paranoid
Taxi Medallions: New York's taxi system makes fares higher and drivers poorer
Tcl the misunderstood (2006)
Teach Yourself Programming in Ten Years (2001)
Teacher under fire for informing kids of their Fifth Amendment rights
Teachers write their own online textbook, save district $175,000
Teaching binary to 3rd Graders using the Socratic method
Teal and Orange in Hollywood movies
Team Fortress 2 now free forever
Tearable Cloth Simulation in JavaScript
Tech companies, bristling, concede to government surveillance program
Tech firms push back against White House efforts to divert NSA meeting
Tech press misses Google/Amazon name grab
Tech recruitment: how not to do it
TechCrunch As We Know It May Be Over
TechCrunch Pump n Dump
TechCrunch Tours Dropbox Offices
TechCrunch is a bully
TechStars, Lies & Videotape
Techbrats do not represent the tech industry
Technical = Coder. Non-Technical = Non-Coder.
Technical Details Behind a 400Gbps NTP Amplification DDoS Attack
Technical Papers Every Programmer Should Read (At Least Twice)
Technical job post tips for the desperate
Techniques To Simplify Sign-Ups and Log-Ins
Technorati's Tracy Williams is alive and safe in a local hospital
Teenager Who Reads News Online? According to the DoJ, You May Be a Criminal
Teeworlds for Mac, Windows, and Linux
Telegram - secure, free messaging
Telegram protocol defeated. Authors are going to modify crypto-algorithm
Telegram’s Cryptanalysis Contest
Telescopictext
Tell HN: Add ?share=1 to Quora URLs to display content without login
Tell HN: Flag PR "April fools pranks"
Tell HN: Frustrated and feeling pretty useless at this point.
Tell HN: How we bootstrapped to the #1 rated mattress on Amazon.com
Tell HN: I just open-sourced the e-mail client I spent 2 years of my life on
Tell HN: Let's Be Civil
Tell HN: Login to unsubscribe is against Federal Law
Tell HN: My Brother Died Last Week. His Death Will Not Be In Vain
Tell HN: My Web App has 13 Users
Tell HN: Our experience with Groupon
Tell HN: Please bring back comment scores
Tell HN: Server Status
Tell HN: There is a Scammer Amongst Us
Tell HN: You said not to. So I quit my job and started. 5 mos later: OpenPhoto
Tell W3C: We don't want the Hollyweb
Tell congress to stop SOPA with a physical letter
Tell, don't ask
Tell-all telephone – Six months of phone metadata visualized
Teller Reveals His Secrets
Telstra Fears LulzSec Attacks, Hesitates On Internet Filter
Temperature chart for the last 11,000 years
Ten Years of Bootstrapping: Lessons Learned
Ten Years of Coding Horror
Ten apps is all I need
Ten predictions (2004)
Tent v0.1
Tenth Grade Tech Trends
TermKit - a graphical terminal replacement
Terminal Cornucopia
Terms of Service; Didn't Read
Terra – a low-level counterpart to Lua
Tesla Can Topple the Car-Dealer Monopoly
Tesla Completes L.A.-to-New York Electric Model S Drive Chargers
Tesla Model S Options and Pricing
Tesla Model S Outperforms Aston Martin
Tesla Model S Sales Exceed Target
Tesla Model S Suspension Walkaround
Tesla Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested
Tesla Model X
Tesla Museum Gets Funded
Tesla Nabs 8% of the U.S. Luxury Car Market
Tesla Raises $1B from Stock and Bond Sale
Tesla Repays Department of Energy Loan Nine Years Early
Tesla Smashes Earnings And Revenue Expectations
Tesla Unveils New Finance Product
Tesla Was Cash Flow Positive Last Week, CEO Musk Says
Tesla responds to "bricking" issue
Tesla reveals Supercharger network, Free Fill Ups
Tesla wins in North Carolina, paves the way for direct-to-consumer sales
Tesla's ingenious strategy
Tesla: Not so easily bricked
Tesla: a little bit Apple, a little bit Google, and about to be huge
Tessel: The end of web development as we know it
Testing 3 million hyperlinks, lessons learned
Testing Benford's Law
Testing like the TSA
Tetris Printer Algorithm
Tetris and The Power Of CSS
Texas Jury Strikes Down Patent Trolls’ Claim To Own the Interactive Web
Text of letter to Edward Snowden from his father and father’s attorney
Text-based terminal screencasts
TextMate 2
TextMate 2 (Public) Alpha
TextTeaser – An automatic summarization algorithm
Textify: Convert images to HTML text
Textmate 2 - Alpha this year
Textmate 2 on Github
Textmate2 Goes Open Source
Thank HN: 127 days since I asked for your advice.
Thank HN: Our friend is Safe and Sound
Thank HN: You helped the FreeBSD Foundation raise over $43K in three days
Thank You HN: From 30 people whose lives you saved
Thank you Apple
Thank you HN, sorry HN
Thanks For Reading: 15 Years of News For Nerds
Thanks For The Identity Theft, Yahoo
Thanks HN
Thanks HN for the Christmas colors and Merry Christmas to you, too
Thanks for your patience about all the (YC S12)
Thanks to Quora, now you can’t read anonymously
That Daily Shower Can Be a Killer
That Tesla Data: What It Says and What It Doesn’t
That dev's salary is higher than mine
That truck driver you flipped off? Let me tell you his story.
That “distressed baby" Tim Armstrong blamed for benefit cuts? She’s my daughter
That's a fun trick Google
That’s it, we’re quitting
The "Wash my Ferrari" Problem: A Meditation on Risk
The "Window Resizer" extension for Chrome now contains malware (2013)
The "bat signal" for the Internet
The "overlearning the game" problem
The "well-calibrated interviewer" curse
The $100K Taxi Ride, One Year Later
The $200 Billion Rip-Off: Our broadband future was stolen (2007)
The $4 Million Complaint Call
The $40 Standup Desk
The $700 Million Yogurt Startup
The 'Undue Weight' of Truth on Wikipedia
The (logarithmic) calendar I want
The + operator has been replaced.
The //* /*/ //*/ comment toggle trick
The /bin/true Command and Copyright
The 10k Bootstrap Challenge
The 144 Million Dollar Button
The 19-year-old jailed for the crime of sarcasm
The 2 Biggest Mistakes I Made When Learning to Code
The 2005 screenwriting book that’s taken over Hollywood
The 3-year old "Implement RSS natively in Chrome" bug just changed to "WontFix"
The 4-Hour Dentist
The 44 Chromosome Man
The 50 Best Websites of 2011
The 50 million dollar lie
The 501 Developer Manifesto
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Mediocre Entrepreneurs
The 7 Habits of Highly Overrated People
The 99 percent
The AI Systems of "Left 4 Dead" [pdf]
The Absolute Beginner's Guide to Arduino
The Acceleration of Addictiveness vs Willpower, Productivity, and Flow
The Amazing iOS 6 Maps
The Amazon Kindle Cloud Reader is live
The Ambiguity of Open and H.264 vs. VP8
The American Police State
The Anti-Mac User Interface
The App Store Nightmare
The Apple Reaper
The Apprentice Programmer
The Apps are Too Damn Big
The Architecture Twitter Uses to Deal with 150M Active Users
The Architecture of Open Source Applications
The Architecture of Open Source Applications: LLVM
The Arduino Solution to Selectively Mute Over-Exposed Celebrities
The Art Of The iOS Icon
The Art of Computer Programming, Volume 4A has been published
The Art of Computer Typography
The Art of Unix Programming
The Atlantic posts sponsored Scientology story, moderates comments
The Audacity of the iBooks Author EULA
The Average Font
The Background Noise Was Louder than I Realized
The Ballmer Days Are Over
The Banality of Systemic Evil
The Banality of ‘Don’t Be Evil’
The Basement
The Bastards Book of Ruby
The Batman Equation
The Battle for Power on the Internet
The Beer Game -or- Why Apple Can’t Build iPads in the US
The Best
The Best Birth Control In The World Is For Men
The Best Books I Read in 2013
The Best Entrepreneurs Are Older, Have Less Ego
The Best Groupon Deal Ever: 86.2% Off On GRPN at NASDAQ
The Best Science Fiction Books (According to Reddit)
The Best Textbooks on Every Subject
The Best of Kickstarter 2012
The Bicycle Barometer
The Big Data Brain Drain: Why Science is in Trouble
The Biggest Price-Fixing Scandal Ever
The Bipolar Lisp Programmer
The Bomb That Changed My Life
The Book That Every Programmer Should Read
The Book of Graham
The Boston Marathon Bombing: Keep Calm and Carry On
The Boy Who Stole Half-Life 2
The Bozo Event Horizon
The Brilliance of Dwarf Fortress
The Broken Promises of MRI/REE/YARV
The Brutal Ageism of Tech
The Builder's High
The C Conference
The C10M problem
The CIA Meets MIT
The CODE Keyboard
The Cab Ride I'll Never Forget
The Caging of America
The Capacitive Button Cult Must Be Stopped
The Case for Abolishing Patents (Yes, All of Them)
The Case for Abolishing the DHS
The Central Limit Theorem Visualized with D3
The Chair
The Challenge of Making Friends as an Adult
The Cheapest Route to 6 Continents
The Chromebook Pixel
The Class that built Apps, and Fortunes
The Clock in the Mountain
The Clojure Community and Me
The Closed, Unfriendly World of Wikipedia
The Clown Car Technique for Responsive Images
The Cognitive Style of Unix
The Cold Hard Facts of Freezing to Death
The Colour Clock
The Coming Meltdown in College Education & Why The Economy Won’t Get Better Soon
The Coming War on General Purpose Computation
The Command Line Crash Course (Zed Shaw)
The Complete Guide for Starting iPhone and iOS Development
The Conscience of a Hacker
The Constitution Applies When the Government Bans Americans From the Skies
The Coolest Experience I Had as an Apple Store Employee
The Cost of an ACL Injury
The Costs of Bookmarking
The Criminal N.S.A.
The Criminalization of Everyday Life
The Critical Security Flaws that Resulted in Last Friday's Hack
The Crunchpad is proof of obviousness in iPad design
The DDoS that almost broke the Internet
The DOD had two "better-than-Hubble" space telescopes just sitting around.
The Daily WTF goes white to "support" SOPA
The Dangerous Effects of Reading
The Dangerous Mr. Khan
The Dark Side of Hadoop
The Dawn of Haiku OS
The Day I Saw Van Gogh’s Genius in a New Light
The Day Mandela Was Arrested, With A Little Help From the CIA
The Day We Fight Back
The Day our investors came to see the office
The Day the Internet Didn’t Fight Back
The De-evolution of My Laptop Battery
The Death Of Expertise
The Death of Adventure Games
The Definitive Guide To Website Authentication
The Department of Homeland Security Stole My Boat Today
The Design of LLVM
The Disappointing Surprise From Apple
The Disinformation
The Django Book is getting updated
The Document Which Was Formerly Called The MIT Guide to Lockpicking
The Door To The FISA Court Doesn't Even Have A Sign On It
The Dribbblisation of Design
The Drone that Killed my Grandson
The Dropbox API
The Drupal Crisis
The Dubai Job
The Dumbest Idea In The World: Maximizing Shareholder Value
The EC2 firewall is broken
The Egg
The Elves Leave Middle Earth – Sodas Are No Longer Free (2009)
The Emails That Got My Unsexy Start-Up Covered By TechCrunch
The End of Ragequitting
The End of the Credit Card? New Square app: Card Case
The End: NZBMatrix closes
The Engineer Crunch
The Engineer Who converted 12,100 Cups Of Pudding to 1.25 Million Air Miles
The Europa mission is real and could very well happen
The Evolution of a Python Programmer
The Extraordinary Science of Addictive Junk Food
The FBI Had No Warrant for the Raid on Instapaper, Pinboard, et al.
The FBI stole an Instapaper server in an unrelated raid
The FBI's files on Steve Jobs
The FFmpeg/Libav situation
The Face Behind Bitcoin?
The Facebook Comment That Ruined a Life
The Facebook Offering: How It Compares
The Facebook Timeline is creepy as hell
The Facebook experiment has failed
The Fallacy of Money As A Means
The Feynman Lectures on Physics, Volume I
The Fifty is awake again
The Fight
The Fireplace Delusion
The First Few Milliseconds of an HTTPS Connection (2009)
The First Time I Used Programming At Work
The Five Stages of Hosting
The Flask Mega-Tutorial
The Flat Sink
The Food Bubble (2010)
The Forbidden Island
The Forgotten Founder: A Silicon Valley Tale of Humiliation and Revenge
The Founder Visa (again)
The Frameless Geodesic Dome I currently live in
The Free Software Foundation is even more relevant now than before
The Free Universal Construction Kit
The FreeBSD Foundation falls short of its 2012 fundraising goal by 50%
The Freedom and Perils of Living Alone
The Freelancer's Guide to Recurring Revenue
The French way of cancer treatment
The Future of AngularJS
The Future of CouchDB
The Future of JavaScript MVCs
The Future of Markdown
The Future of Programming
The Future of Programming in Node.js
The Future of Python HTTP
The Geeks Who Saved Prince of Persia’s Source Code From Digital Death
The Gentleperson's Guide To Forum Spies
The Georgia Tech Online Master of Science in CS is now accepting applications
The Gift
The Girl Who Turned to Bone
The Go Programming Language, or: Why all C-like languages except one suck.
The Google I/O freebie I'm hoping for: Nothing
The Google Nexus Q Is Baffling
The Government's $200,000 Useless Android Application
The Gray Zone
The Great Code Club
The Great Firewall of Yale
The Great German Energy Experiment
The Great Python.org Redesign
The Great Web Framework Shootout – On GitHub
The Greatest Customer Service Story Ever Told, Starring Morton’s Steakhouse
The Greatest Paper Map of the United States You’ll Ever See
The Grep Test
The Growing Divide Between Silicon Valley And Unemployed America
The Guantanamo Files
The HB Gary Email That Should Concern Us All (Sockpuppet Management Software)
The Hacker News Generation (Afraid of Hard Work)
The Handshake Deal Protocol
The Hardware Renaissance
The Hidden Truths about Calories
The Homely Mutt
The Honey Launderers: Uncovering the Largest Food Fraud in U.S. History
The Horrible Future of Social
The Hot/Crazy Solid State Drive Scale
The House passes CISPA with a vote of 248 to 168
The Humble Bundle for Android (and Mac / Windows / Linux)
The Humble Bundle with Android 5
The Humble Frozenbyte Bundle
The Humble Indie Bundle #4 (pay what you want and help charity)
The Hushed Dangers of Startup Depression
The Hustler's Manifesto
The IRS has upgraded its technology to track virtually everything you do online
The If-by-whiskey fallacy
The Importance of Excel
The Indian sanitary pad revolutionary
The Inequality Speech That TED Won't Show You
The Inexplicable War on Lemonade Stands
The Insane Law That Lets Authorities Read Any Email Over 180 Days Old
The Insecurity of Secret IT Systems
The Inside Story of a Small Startup Acquisition
The Instagram Architecture Facebook Bought for a Cool Billion Dollars
The Intercept
The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown
The Internet Is a Surveillance State
The Internet Just Made Microsoft Kill a Car for a Faster Horse
The Internet Made Me Sad Today
The Internet Map
The Internet is a surveillance state
The Internet is experiencing severe outages across North American and Asia
The Internet mystery that has the world baffled
The Irrationality of Giving Up This Much Liberty to Fight Terror
The Ivy League Was Another Planet
The JOBS Act will very nearly legalize fraud in the stock market
The Jellyfish Entrepreneur
The Jolla phone – first impressions
The Joy of Indexing
The Knack for Getting Money
The Knife Maker
The LMAX Architecture - 100K TPS at Less than 1ms Latency
The Last PC Laptop
The Last Post
The Last Question
The Latest Findings On Intelligence
The Legislation That Could Kill Internet Privacy for Good
The Lethality of Loneliness
The Lie Hollywood Loves to Tell
The Lightning Digital AV Adapter Surprise
The Linux Graphics Stack
The Linux Security Circus: On GUI isolation
The Linux desktop experience is killing Linux on the desktop
The Linux perf command rocks
The Lisp Curse
The Little Book on CoffeeScript
The Little C Function From Hell
The Little Manual of API Design
The Log: Real-time data's unifying abstraction
The Long Grind Before You Become an Overnight Success
The Lost Art of C Structure Packing
The Lost Chapter
The MOS 6502 and the Best Layout Guy in the World
The MS Surface Pro
The Mac App Store Needs Paid Upgrades
The Mac App Store’s future of irrelevance
The Mac Pro Review
The Macroeconomics of Chinese kleptocracy
The Magazine
The Magic of strace
The Magical Tech Behind Paper For iPad's Color-Mixing
The Magna Carta Essay
The Making of Warcraft, Part 2
The Man Who Broke Atlantic City
The Man Who Built Catan
The Man Who Inspired Jobs
The Management Team - Guest Post From Joel Spolsky
The Marco.org Review of John Siracusa’s Review of OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion
The Massachusetts Software Tax
The Massive Mystery In Google's Finances
The Matasano Crypto Challenges
The Mathematical Hacker
The Mathematics Behind xkcd: A Conversation with Randall Munroe
The Matrix in JavaScript in less than 600 bytes
The Matt Cutts Debunking Flowchart
The Mature Programmer
The McDonald's Theory of Bad Ideas
The Meditations of Marcus Aurelius
The Merge Button
The Meteoric Rise of DigitalOcean
The Microsoft Update mechanism has been used to spread malware
The Mid-Career Crisis of the Perl Programmer
The Million Dollar Question
The Mirah Language: bringing modern features to the JVM without runtime overhead
The Mission of Tesla
The Modern Java Ecosystem (for the Sinatra or web.py lover)
The Moment Of Truth For AirBnB As User’s Home Is Utterly Trashed
The Monster Truck Madness 2 site is unchanged from 1998
The Montessori Mafia
The Most Dangerous Gamer
The Most Important Writing Lesson I Ever Learned
The Most Revealing Job Interview Question
The Mother of All Interview Questions
The Motherfucking Manifesto For Programming, Motherfuckers
The Mozilla Developer Network has a New Face
The Mozilla Manifesto
The Mt. Gox alleged insolvency document has been posted
The MtGox 500
The Mystery of 355/113
The Mystery of the Creepiest Television Hack
The Mystery of the Encrypted Gauss Payload
The Myth of the Non-Technical Startup Employee
The Möbius Gear
The NHS is selling your private data – here's the price list [pdf]
The NSA Admits It Analyzes More People's Data Than Previously Revealed
The NSA Can't Tell the Difference Between an American and a Foreigner
The NSA Is Breaking Most Encryption on the Internet
The NSA Reportedly Has Total Access To The Apple iPhone
The NSA can store communications of US citizens for up to 5 years, sans warrant
The NSA is Commandeering the Internet
The NSA is turning the Internet into a total surveillance system
The NSA slide you haven’t seen
The NSA story reinforces why an entity like WikiLeaks is important
The NSA: An Inside View
The NSA’s Secret Role in the U.S. Assassination Program
The NYC subway system as a string instrument
The Narcissism of Small Code Differences (2008)
The Nature of Lisp
The Navy’s newest warship is powered by Linux
The Net Is a Waste of Time (1996)
The Neuroscientist Who Discovered He Was a Psychopath
The New AWS Command-Line Interface
The New Apple Advantage
The New Firebase Security API
The New French Hacker-Artist Underground
The New Google Maps
The New MacBook Pro: Unfixable, Unhackable, Untenable
The New Oracle
The New TextSecure: Privacy Beyond SMS
The New Web Typography
The New York Times Paywall Is Working Better Than Anyone Had Guessed
The New York Times Told Me To Take This Down
The New Yorker Strongbox
The New iPad's Screen Under the Microscope
The Next 1,000 Start-Ups
The Next Microsoft
The Next Phase of Node.js
The Next Six Months
The Next SourceForge
The No Excuse List: The Best Place On The Web To Learn Anything
The No. 1 Habit of Highly Creative People
The Node Ahead: JavaScript leaps from browser into future
The Node Beginner Book
The Node Beginner Book, an introduction to Node.js, is now complete
The Norwegian prison where inmates are treated like people
The Noun Project: Icons for everything
The Number One Trait of a Great Developer
The Oatmeal Fights Legal Threat, Raises $20,000 in an Hour
The Oatmeal vs. FunnyJunk: webcomic copyright fight gets personal
The Oatmeal's lawyer responds to FunnyJunk
The Obama administration is still voicing support for SOPA.
The Ocean is Broken
The Ocean is Broken (2013)
The One Google Plus Feature Facebook Should Fear
The One-Person Product
The Onion releases fartscroll.js
The Only Interview Question That Matters
The Only Way to Get Important Things Done
The Only Way to Stop SOPA
The Orbit of the Moon around the Sun is Convex
The Origin of the word Daemon
The Ouya works, it’s here, and it’s heading your way
The PC is not dead, we just don't need new ones
The PNG image file format is now more popular than GIF
The Pal-V flying car
The Paradox of the Proof
The Parley Letter
The Patent Pledge
The Patent, Used as a Sword
The Pendulum Swings, Again
The People's Bailout
The Perfect Compliment
The Ph.D Grind: A Ph.D Student Memoir
The Ph.D.-Industry Gap
The PhD Problem: "Talk of a ‘higher education bubble’ may not be idle chatter”
The Photographic Science of Detecting Fake Lottery Tickets
The Physics Behind Traffic Jams
The Pinboard Investment Co-Prosperity Cloud
The Pirate Bay - 9 years and still bloody runnin
The Pirate Bay Is The World’s Most Efficient Public Library
The Pirate Bay Moves to .SE Domain To Prevent Domain Seizure
The Pirate Bay Will Stop Serving Torrents
The Pirate Bay in the cloud
The Pirate Bay is now hosted in North Korea
The Pirate Bay's statement on PIPA/SOPA
The Pirate Bay: “The Battle of Internets is About to Begin”
The Play Framework at LinkedIn
The Poisonous Employee-Ranking System That Helps Explain Microsoft’s Decline
The Power Of Silence: Why The SimCity Story Went Away
The Price of (Dev) Happiness: Part One
The Prime That Wasn’t
The Probability and Statistics Cookbook
The Problem With Silicon Valley Is Itself
The Problem with the iPhone's Home Button
The Product is the Byproduct
The Professor, the Bikini Model and the Suitcase Full of Trouble
The Programmer Salary Taboo
The Programming Books That Meant The Most To Me
The Promise of Firefox OS
The PyCon Incident
The Python Paradox
The Queen’s stylesheets
The Quest to Build a Truly Free Version of Android
The Quiet Ones
The Quora post that killed Bitcoins. Please discuss if his arguments are valid.
The RIAA forced me to shut down a successful website/apps I built in high school
The Raising of Chicago
The Real Reason The Poor Go Without Bank Accounts
The Real Silicon Valley
The Real War 1939-1945, by Paul Fussell (1989)
The Recruiter Honeypot
The Redis Manifesto
The Reduceron, a CPU designed for functional programs
The Rejection Book: Good luck, bad luck, who knows?
The Rest of the Story (Yammer & Scala)
The Revel Web Framework for Go
The Revolutionary Birth Control Method for Men
The Rise Of The Artist
The Rise and Rise of Television Torture
The Rise of "Logical Punctuation".
The Rise of Developeronomics
The Rise of the New Groupthink
The Roots of Lisp
The Royal Canadian Mint just announced a new alternative to BitCoin
The Ruby on Rails Tutorial, 2nd Edition (full draft)
The Ruby on Rails Tutorial, now with Twitter's Bootstrap
The Rules of Storytelling According to Pixar
The Russia Left Behind
The Rust standard library no longer has any scheduling baked into it
The SEC Just Voted To Lift The Ban On General Solicitation
The Sad Reality of Post-Mature Optimization
The Sad, Beautiful Fact That We're All Going To Miss Almost Everything
The Saddest Moment: Byzantine fault tolerance [pdf]
The Samsung Galaxy S III: The First Smartphone Designed Entirely By Lawyers
The San Francisco Exodus
The Scam Wall Street Learned from the Mafia
The Science Behind Honey’s Eternal Shelf Life
The Scientific 7-Minute Workout
The Secret Document That Transformed China
The Secret History of Kim Jung Il -- written by one of his high school teachers
The Secret Ingredient In Your Orange Juice
The Secret Number
The Secret Tesla Motors Master Plan
The Secret of the Fibonacci Sequence in Trees
The Secret to a Happy Marriage: Do the Dishes, Put Out, Don’t Talk So Much
The Serenity of a 5pm Bedtime
The Setup: Zed Shaw
The Sex Tape Litmus Test
The Shapes of CSS
The Shortest Crashing C Program
The Shy Connector
The Sierpinski triangle page to end most Sierpinski triangle pages
The Silencing of Maya
The Silent Majority of Experts
The Size of the Human Radio-Broadcast Bubble in the Milky Way Galaxy
The Slashdot Effect from the Other Side
The Slow Web
The Smears Against Edward Snowden Have Begun
The Social Graph is Neither
The Software Developer’s Guide to Fitness & Morning Productivity
The SpaceX cost record - By Elon Musk
The Sparrow Problem
The Star Trek Economy
The Star Wars Route: Do a traceroute to 216.81.59.173
The StarCraft path-finding hack
The Starter, the Architect, the Debugger and the Finisher
The Startup’s Guide to Budget Design
The State of JavaScript - Brendan Eich
The State of Version Control: an Infographic
The State of the Art is Terrible
The Steve Jobs I Knew
The Story Of A Failed Startup And A Founder Driven To Suicide
The Story of 2 $1 Million Projects in 24 Hours
The Story of Bageshwori, Watsi's First Patient
The Story of the New Microsoft.com
The Story of the Ping Program
The Strange Case of Barrett Brown
The Strange Story of Dual_EC_DRBG – suspected NSA backdoor (2007)
The Street Kids of San Francisco
The Student Loan Bubble is Starting To Burst
The Stupidity of Computers
The Sudden, Mysterious Exit Of A Quora Cofounder Has Silicon Valley Baffled
The Sugary Secret of Self-Control
The Sugru story
The Summly deal makes no sense
The Sun is Setting on Rails-style MVC Frameworks
The Sun's Magnetic Field is about to Flip
The Supreme Court Should Invalidate Software Patents
The Surveillance State Puts U.S. Elections at Risk of Manipulation
The Sweden Solar System
The THX Sound
The Tale of OpenGL vs. Direct3D
The Tata AirPod: a car that runs on compressed air w/150-200km range
The Technology Behind Convore
The Terrifying Background of the Man Who Ran a CIA Assassination Unit
The Tesla Gun
The Tesla Valve: One Way Flow With No Moving Parts
The Textbook Industry & Greed: My Story
The Three Kinds of Laziness
The Tim Cook memo: line by line
The Tiniest GIF Ever
The Top of My Todo List
The Trello Tech Stack
The Tricks Investors Use Against Founders
The Trillion Dollar Website (a story of quantitative easing)
The Trouble with Bright Kids
The Truth About Aaron Swartz's "Crime"
The Truth about a Failing Startup
The Two Egg Problem
The Type of Employee You Really Want: Porn Star
The Tyranny of Structurelessness (1970)
The Tyranny of Taxi Medallions
The Tyranny of the Extroverts
The U.S. Senate has blocked the Cybersecurity Act of 2012.
The UK Court Sanctions Apple, Hopes "Lack of Integrity" Is Not "Typical"
The UK has an entire IPv4 /8 that it isn't using
The US Government Keeps Harassing a UW Researcher Who Speaks for WikiLeaks
The US government has betrayed the internet. We need to take it back
The US recording industry is stealing from me
The UTF-8-Everywhere Manifesto
The Ultimate Guide to Dropshipping
The Underpants Project
The Unexotic Underclass
The Unintended Effects of Driverless Cars
The United States Redrawn as Fifty States with Equal Population
The Unofficial Guide to Migrating Off of Google App Engine
The Unreasonable Effectiveness of C
The Unwelcome Mat - How Not to Attract Tourists
The Useless Web
The Vitamin Myth: Why We Think We Need Supplements
The Volkswagen Group is using IE6 as standard for displaying web pages
The W3C's plan for DRM in HTML5 is a betrayal for all web users
The Waiting Place
The Wallaby Card
The War On RSS
The Web We Lost
The Web engineer's online toolbox
The Weight of Rain
The Well Deserved Fortune of Satoshi Nakamoto, Bitcoin creator
The WhatsApp Architecture Facebook Bought For $19 Billion
The Whiskey Rebellion
The White Hat's Dilemma
The White House Has Been Covering Up the Presidency’s Role in Torture for Years
The White House just open sourced their first Github repo
The White House's Response to SOPA
The Windows ecosystem reboot is bad news if you plan to move country
The Woman Who Needed to Be Upside-Down
The Workman Keyboard Layout
The World's Lightest Electric Vehicle
The WorldWideWeb application is now available as an alpha release (1991)
The World’s Best Bounty Hunter Is 4-Foot-11. Here’s How She Hunts
The Worst
The Worst Argument In The World
The Worst Programming Environment in the World?
The XX shared their new album with only 1 fan to see how it goes viral.
The YC VC Program
The Yahoo board has approved a deal to pay $1.1 billion in cash for Tumblr
The Year 2512
The Zen of Python by Example
The algorithm for a perfectly balanced photo gallery
The alternative Internet, WiFi based
The amount of crap Windows users have to put up with is incredible
The anatomy of a ripoff
The anonymity I know
The author of Nginx on why V8 is not suitable for web servers
The author of SOPA is a copyright violator
The average color of the New York City sky, updated every 5 minutes.
The babies who nap in sub-zero temperatures
The best interface is no interface
The best patent troll-killing bill yet
The best programmers are the quickest to Google
The best things and stuff of 2011 by Fogus
The best things and stuff of 2013
The biggest merger you didn't hear about today
The blind man who taught himself to see
The bomb that changed my life (2011)
The brain's 5-million core, 9 Hz computer
The busy trap
The case against Kim Dotcom, finally revealed
The cause for all your Mac OS X mouse annoyances
The checkered past of Groupon's chairman
The co-op business model: share whatever you've got
The coffeeshop fallacy
The coming civil war over general purpose computing
The complete guide to centering a div
The conversation that led to Ruby being called Ruby
The cost of hand-to-mouth living
The daily lunch delivery of India's dabbawallahs
The danger of the trailing dot in the domain name
The day Steve Jobs dissed me in a keynote (2010)
The default state of a startup is failure
The definitive guide to forms based website authentication
The demise of the low level programmer
The depth and breadth of Python
The descent to C
The detention of David Miranda was an unlawful use of the Terrorism Act
The diagnosis
The economic return of Iceland has proved that the joke was on Ireland
The effect of typefaces on credibility
The email line that's client repellent
The end of an era: Internet Explorer drops below 50% of Web usage
The end of cow clicker
The end of social
The entire US Code is now online in XML
The entire win32 API in JavaScript
The ethics of brain boosting
The exploding toilet
The fall of Angry Birds
The fanless heatsink: Silent, dust-immune, and almost ready for prime time
The fanless spinning heatsink: more efficient, and immune to dust and detritus
The first Bitcoin post on HN
The first Django site to run on Python 3
The first congressman to battle the NSA has died
The flawed psychology of government mass surveillance
The freedom to drink coffee
The frequent fliers who flew too much
The front page of HN almost exactly 5 years ago
The future Firefox UI
The future is specific
The future of Fiber
The futures of Facebook and Google are embedded in these two images
The game of life emulated in the game of life
The genius and folly of MongoDB
The girl with the ANSI tattoo
The git parable
The greatest Google Mail feature you may not be using
The guy who made it so difficult to open your bag of potato chips
The hardest computer game of all time
The hum that helps to fight crime
The hypocrisy in Silicon Valley's big talk on innovation
The iPhone 5's A6 SoC: Not A15 or A9, a Custom Apple Core Instead
The iPhone 5s Review
The infamous SCSH Scheme shell "Acknowledgements"
The innovations of Internet Explorer
The investment that didn't happen
The island where people forget to die
The jQuery Divide:Understand where jQuery ends and JavaScript begins
The joys of having a Forever Project
The joys of maintenance programming
The key value store we ignored (Postgresql)
The lactose-tolerance mutation
The language of Vim
The last day
The last time I saw Steve Jobs
The legacy of Srinivasa Ramanujan
The lightbulb reinvented
The limits of Google’s openness
The little ssh that (sometimes) couldn't
The long and sordid history of the user-agent HTTP header field
The lost Van Jacobson paper that could save the Internet
The machine's view of time, if nanoseconds were seconds
The man who screwed an entire country
The man who singlehandedly carved a road through a mountain
The mental gymnastics involved in having a high security clearance.
The microhydro plant
The miserable programmer paradox
The morning mail is my enemy
The most Kafkaesque paragraph from today’s NSA ruling
The most common phone number: 214-748-3647
The most dangerous code in the world
The most difficult CEO skill: managing your own psychology
The most mysterious Google ranking ever...
The most popular links posted by developers to Stack Overflow
The most telling part of “1984″ is the appendix
The most useful thing in bash
The mother of all Android malware has arrived
The myth of NASA's expensive space pens
The myth of the eight-hour sleep
The myth of the overnight success
The need to code
The new Digg
The new Galaxy Note 3 is region-locked
The new Git-scm.com
The new Photosynth
The new sandbox: open-source and self-hosted
The next SOPA
The next generation of Instapaper
The nightmarish SOPA hearings
The official Blog of John McAfee
The one HR benefit every startup should add
The one interview question I always ask
The only way to get hold of a human at Google
The origins of the blink HTML element
The perfect email
The physics of baseball as illustrated by Fox's new 5000 fps camera
The physics of that ‘kickalicious’ kick
The pi is a lie… Happy Half Tau Day!
The piece of paper that fooled Hitler
The polynomial algorithm for 3-SAT problem (or P=NP)
The power of the RSS reader
The president is wrong: The NSA debate wouldn’t have happened without Snowden
The price of a messy codebase: No LaTeX on the iPad
The problem is we don't understand the problem
The quick website launch checklist
The raster tragedy at low resolution (1997)
The real reason people are mocking Color...
The real reason we’re upset about Sparrow’s acquisition
The real reason you can't hire developers....
The real source of Apple device IDs leaked by Anonymous last week
The real use of money is to buy freedom
The result of pinging all the Internet IP addresses
The rise of OpenStreetMap: A quest to conquer Google’s mapping empire
The rise of the “successful” unsustainable company
The rotten heart of finance
The sad story of Facebook Platform
The second operating system hiding in every mobile phone
The secret button at pedestrian crossings
The secret history of the about:jwz url
The senators who say linking to certain sites should be a felony
The shittiest project I ever worked on
The shutdown of library.nu
The single most useful Emacs feature
The slippery slope
The sociology of drinking
The software development final exam: Algorithms and Data Structures
The sound of the dialup, pictured
The sports footage you won't see on TV this Thanksgiving
The story around the Linode hack
The story of George — ayttm's most prolific non-developing contributor
The story of the Gömböc
The story of the hardest platform game ever
The story of the ‘secret’ room at Pixar, frequented by Steve Jobs
The string type is broken
The stupid cookie law is dead at last
The switch: Python to Node.js
The tent that turns into concrete in less than 24 hours
The terrifying surveillance case of Brandon Mayfield
The theory of relativity in words of four letters or less
The traveling German carpenters
The ugly side of Kickstarter
The unfortunate math behind consulting companies
The universe is big. This big.
The unofficial Google shell
The unprofitable SaaS business model trap
The way people copy each other's linguistic style reveals their pecking order
The weakest link by far is Apple
The world's first HTML5 SIP client
The year 2000 illustrated in 1900
Theranos
There Are Giant Camera Resolution Test Charts Scattered Across the US
There Are Only Four Billion Floats – So Test Them All
There Are Whales Alive Today Who Were Born Before Moby Dick Was Written
There is no place for just shitting all over other people's work
There is no point to distributing music in 24-bit/192kHz format.
There is no retirement
There is only one Cloud Icon in the Entire Universe
There is something magical about Firefox OS
There's a map for that
There's more to HTML escaping than &amp;, &lt;, &gt;, and "
There's no shame in code that is simply "good enough"
There's no speed limit (2009)
These are things in PHP which make me sad
They Cracked This 250 Year-Old Code, And Found a Secret Society Inside
Things I Learned From Founding Technology Companies
Things I Should Have Known at 20
Things I Wish I Had Known About Django Development Before Starting My Company
Things I Won't Work With: Dioxygen Difluoride
Things I didn’t know about the WebKit inspector
Things I do to be consistently happy
Things I learned at YC
Things I learned by pretending to be blind for a week
Things I like about programming in Go
Things I wish I knew about MongoDB a year ago
Things I wish someone had told me about life after college
Things I've quit doing at my desk
Things I, as a designer, wish more tech startups knew
Things I’ve never heard a successful startup founder say
Things Real People Don't Say About Advertising
Things That Turbo Pascal is Smaller Than
Things We Forgot to Monitor
Things You Might Not Know about jQuery
Things not Strings -- Google launches Knowledge Graph
Things that suck in AngularJS
Things to Never Say While Negotiating
Things you (probably) didn't know about xargs
Things you didn't know about Python
Think Stats, using python to learn stats
Think Stats: Probability and Statistics for Programmers
Think different about Jobs
Thinking different. - A look into the mental illness of a hacker
Thinking of Selling on eBay using Paypal? Think Again
Thinking the unthinkable
Thirty Percent Feedback
Thirty Years of Mac [video]
This 28-Year-Old Is Making Sure Credit Cards Won't Exist In The Next Few Years
This American Life Retracting "Mr. Daisey & The Apple Factory"
This Bird Can Stay in Flight for Six Months Straight
This Could be Big: Decentralized Web Standard Under Development by W3C
This Google ad has moved people to tears across India and Pakistan
This Guy Has My MacBook
This Homemade Headphone Amplifier is a Work of Art
This Internet provider pledges to put your privacy first. Always.
This Is 2016 Not 2012
This Is All Your App Is: A Collection Of Tiny Details
This Is What Winning Looks Like – Afghanistan War Diary
This Is Why They Call It a Weakly-Ordered CPU
This Is Why You Don't Go to the Gym
This Is the Gyro-Stabilized, Two-Wheeled Future of Transportation
This Isn't the Petition Response You're Looking For
This Man Thinks He Never Has to Eat Again
This Man's $600K Facebook Disaster Is a Warning For All Small Businesses
This One Hurts: Dr. Walter Bortz on Dr. John McCarthy
This Photograph Is Not Free
This Site’s Domain is Stolen
This coupon code is a slap in the face
This file's a Win Executable, PDF, Java executable (or Python script), and HTML
This hacker might seem shady, but throwing him in jail is bad for everyone
This is CoffeeScript
This is What Irony Tastes Like: Capcom and the PSN Outage
This is a bit f'd, Quora
This is a valid ipv4 address
This is a web page
This is how Visa works
This is what 864GB of RAM looks like now
This is what Curiosity saw as it landed on Mars
This is what a DDoS attack looks like
This is what happens when one guy practices art every day for nine years
This is what it's like for an innocent man to spend thirty years in jail
This is why I don't give you a job
This is why I sell beer.
This is why memory fragmentation is bad
This is why your newspaper is dying
This may be the best resume I have ever seen
This must be Google's Facebook clone. It sure looks like it.
This page is anonymous
This photograph is free
This picture is worth a thousand pictures
This website has a lot of unclosed h3 tags
Thoreau 2.0
Thorium
Thorium Reactors
Thorium nuclear reactor trial begins in Norway
Thorium nuclear reactors: a possible solution of the energy crisis? (video)
Those 500K Bitcoins that caused the flash crash weren't real
Those budget 27" IPS displays from Korea are for real
Thoughts on Bitcoin
Thoughts on Go after writing 3 websites
Thoughts on Python 3
Thoughts on being a programmer
Thousands dead, millions deprived of civil liberties? (2001)
Thousands of scientific papers uploaded to The Pirate Bay
Three CSS features you need to know about
Three Little Circles
Three Months to Scale NewsBlur
Three NSA Whistleblowers Back EFF's Lawsuit Over Government Spying Program
Three signs you have a management problem. And that problem might be you
Three.js editor
Throw Out Everything You Know About Ads
Throwing and catching an inverted pendulum with quadrocopters
Thunderbolt
TileMill — an application for making beautiful maps
Tilemill: Maps done right
Tilt: Visualize your web page's DOM in 3D
Tim Berners-Lee's Original Announcement (1991)
Tim Berners-Lee: We need to re-decentralise the web
Tim Cook Is Running Apple, but Not Imitating Steve Jobs
Tim Cook Soundly Rejects Politics of the NCPPR
Tim Cook: "No words can adequately express our sadness at Steve's death"
Tim O'Reilly on OccupyWallStreet
Tim O'Reilly: How I Failed
Tim O'Reilly: I am really starting to hate Mac OS X.
Tim O'Reilly: Really, Google is evil now? Let's Get Real. How About Apple?
Tim O’Reilly: Why I’m fighting SOPA
Time To Get Past Facebook And Invent A New Future
Time Warner Cable trying to make municipal fiber illegal in North Carolina
Time Zones
Time for a return of the Cypherpunks, Crypto-Anarchists & Techno-Libertarians?
Time to Close the Security Theater
Time to end the war on drugs
Time to fork the FSF
Time to hand over the reins before Capistrano costs me my youth?
Time to move on? The case against daylight saving time
Time-saving tips for Linux
Time-zone database used by Unix shut down due to IP litigation
Time.is
Timeline of NSA Domestic Spying
Timeline of the far future
TimelineJS: build visually rich interactive timelines
Tiny Robotic Bee Assembles Itself Like Pop-Up Book
Tiny, cheap, and dangerous: Inside a (fake) iPhone charger
TinyGrab abandons iOS because of new App Store rules
TinyProj connects developers, designers, etc. with paid, short-term projects.
Tips for Remote Unix Work (SSH, screen, and VNC)
Tired of Being Tired
Titan, one of Saturn's moons, has an underground ocean
TldrLegal – Software Licenses Explained in Plain English
Tmux 1.9 released
To Elon Musk and the Model S: Congratulations
To Encourage Biking, Cities Lose the Helmets
To Stop Procrastinating, Look to Science of Mood Repair
To an alarming degree, science is not self-correcting
To close or not to close – Void HTML elements
To my daughter's high school programming teacher
To my fellow Hacker News contributors
To the Pirate Bay: a modest proposal
ToS;DR — TL;DR for Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Today I Briefed Congress on the NSA
Today I saw the future
Today is The Day We Fight Back
Today my startup failed
Today's Outage Post Mortem
Tom Anderson: Google+ makes Google a better, more integrated set of services
Tom Clancy has died
Tomorrow Theme
Too Many Cops Are Told They’re Soldiers Fighting a War. How Did We Get Here?
Too Perfect a Mirror
Too scared to write a line of code
Tools I Use - tmux
Top Gear caught faking another electric car "failure"
Top Gear responds to Tesla
Top Mistakes in Behavior Change
Top Programming Fonts
Top Reasons I like Postgres Over SQL Server
Top TED Talks of 2011 To Inspire Tech Startups
Top ten algorithms in data mining (2007) [pdf]
TopCoder: Algorithm Tutorials
Topcoat – CSS for clean and fast web apps
Tor and HTTPS
Tor exit node operator raided in Austria
Tor project decides to fork Firefox
Tor project needs volunteers to help Iranian users access the internet
Tor trip report to an FBI conference
Tor: Directly connecting users from Turkey
Torsploit takedown: analysis, reverse engineering, forensic
Tortured by the Japanese in WW2, a former POW met his tormentor 50 years later
Torus-Earth
Torvalds' quote about good programmers
Torvalds: More bitwise tricks
Torvalds: Standards are paper. I use paper to wipe my butt every day.
Toshiba says they made a mistake but they still cannot help me
Total security in a PostgreSQL database
Touché
Touché by Disney Research brings touch control to everyday things
Tough times on the road to Starcraft
Toward Go 1.3
Tower Bridge bot killed by Twitter, replaced with marketing
Tower.js - JavaScript Framework for Node.js modeled after Ruby on Rails
Tox: secure messaging for everyone
Toyota, The Media Owe You an Apology
TraceGL: JavaScript code flow visualisation in WebGL
Traction mistakes
Trader Joe's Ex-President To Turn Expired Food Into Cheap Meals
Trader: I dream of another recession (and Goldman Sachs rules the world)
Trading Program Ran Amok, With No ‘Off’ Switch
Transcript of meeting between Julian Assange and Google CEO Eric Schmidt
Transfer of Wikipedia sites from GoDaddy complete
Transparent Bitcoin Ponzi scheme
Transporting the CIA A-12 Blackbird to Area 51
Traveling, Writing and Programming
Tray.io - powerful email assistant
Treating Students as Gifted Yields Impressive Academic Results, Study Finds
Treatise on Font Rasterisation
Treesaver.js - JavaScript library for creating magazine style layouts
Trello celebrates One Million Users
Trello is now half million strong
Trello uses an icon font and so can you
Trends that will create demand for an Unconditional Basic Income
Trevor Perrin requests removal of NSA from IETF Crypto Review
Tricky Programming Concepts Aren’t
Trillion-frame-per-second video
Trimensional: 3D Scanner for iPhone
Trinity College experiment succeeds after 69 years
Triumphant motel owner slams Carmen Ortiz
Troll-Killing Patent Reform One Step Closer
Trolls (2008)
Tron Legacy (2010)
Tron Legacy: how the special effects were done
Trouble In the House of Google
Troubled Startup Color Loses Cofounder Peter Pham
True 8-bit Color Cycling with HTML5
True Scala complexity
TrueCrypt Discrepancy
TrueCrypt User Held in Contempt of Court
Trust but Verify
Trust is Fragile
Try Haxe
Try Hy
Try Python, Ruby, Lua, Scheme, QBasic, Forth ...
Try R — A new online course, for free
Try Ruby
Try right clicking GitHub's logo
Try to digest the Groupon story
Tumblr Architecture - 15B Page Views a Month and Harder to Scale than Twitter
Tumblr's anti-censorship message generated 87,834 phone calls to representatives
Tune In, Turn On, Drop Out – The Startup Genome Project
Tupac image performs at Coachella [video]
Turkey becomes first country ever to ban Google DNS
Turkey blocks use of Twitter after prime minister attacks social media site
Turkish government takes down YouTube too
Turn It Off: NSA's Achilles' Heel
Turn a Raspberry Pi into an FM transmitter
Turn any application that uses stdin/stdout into a WebSocket server
Turn any page into Katamari Damacy
Turn anything into a videogame controller, even a banana
Turn your 404s into lost children alerts
Turn your browser into a notepad with one line
Turn.js - The page flip effect for HTML5
Turning down Zynga: Why I opted out of the $210M Omgpop buy
Turning off Google search results indirection
Turning the Raspberry Pi Into an FM Transmitter
Tutorspree (YC W11) Is An Airbnb For Tutoring
Twelve Factors of Web Application Development
Twice
Twice the height of the Empire State - massive solar tower for AZ
Twilio is erroneously over-billing and suspending accounts
Twine: Listen to your world, talk to the Internet
Twitter Boostrap Goodies
Twitter Bootstrap
Twitter Bootstrap Generator
Twitter Bootstrap v1.4.0 Released
Twitter Bootstrap without all the debt
Twitter Completely Down
Twitter Files For IPO
Twitter Gets Sued For Letting Famous People Interact Online
Twitter Hacked – 250,000 User Accounts Potentially Compromised
Twitter Introduces Innovators Patent Agreement
Twitter Removes 'Via' Stamp From Web Client
Twitter Shifting More Code to JVM, Citing Performance and Encapsulation
Twitter Should Shut Me Down
Twitter acquires BackType (YC S08)
Twitter acquires Clutch.io
Twitter and Facebook Both Quietly Kill RSS
Twitter and Me
Twitter crashes itself with commas
Twitter cuts off “find friends” access to Tumblr
Twitter is Pivoting
Twitter is blocked in Turkey
Twitter is the Benjamin Button of startups.
Twitter sets max user caps for 3rd party clients and limits rates
Twitter to Client Developers: Drop Dead
Twitter to developers: no new Twitter clients
Twitter to move away from Hashbangs
Twitter's Bootstrap 2 ready for testing and feedback
Twitter's Storm (complex event processing system) is now open source
Twitter's descent into the extractive
Twitter: From Ruby on Rails to the JVM [video]
Twitter? It’s Not Fun Anymore
Twitter’s Shit Sandwich
Two "WontFix" vulnerabilities in Facebook Connect
Two Billion Pixel Photo of Mount Everest (can you find the climbers?)
Two Congressional Staffers Who Helped Write SOPA Become Entertainment Lobbyists
Two Letters from Steve Jobs
Two Months of Soylent
Two New Fed GPS Trackers Found on SUV
Two New YC Partners: Kirsty Nathoo and Carolynn Levy
Two Senators Say the NSA Is Still Feeding Us False Information
Two Stories of Passive Income Excess
Two amusing side channel attacks
Two big announcements
Two decades of productivity: Vim's 20th anniversary
Two dozen mathematicians wrote a 600 page book in 6 months on GitHub
Two million Raspberry Pi sold
Two things about SOPA/PIPA and then I'll shut up
Two-factor Authentication
Two-for-one: Amazon.com’s Socially Engineered Replacement Order Scam
Two.js
Twss.js
Tydlig – Calculator Reimagined for iPad and iPhone
TypeScript: a language for application-scale JavaScript development
Typhoon Haiyan kills 10,000 in Philippines
Typing Practice for Programmers
Typing at 255 WPM shouldn't cost $4000
Tyranny of the Tools
U.S. Attorney Carmen Ortiz Issues Statement on Aaron Swartz Case
U.S. Government Shuts Down 84,000 Websites, ‘By Mistake’
U.S. Government Surveillance: Bad for Silicon Valley, Bad for World Democracy
U.S. Is Secretly Collecting Records of Verizon Calls
U.S. Postal Service Logging All Mail for Law Enforcement
U.S. Secretly Obtains Two Months of A.P. Phone Records
U.S. Seemingly Unaware of Irony in Accusing Snowden of Spying
U.S. Senator Questions Attorney General about Aaron Swartz
U.S. Taxpayers Are Gouged on Mass Transit Costs
U.S. bugged EU offices, computer networks
U.S. charges Edward Snowden with espionage
U.S. directs agents to cover up program used to investigate Americans
UAV Provides Colorado Flooding Assistance Until FEMA Freaks Out
UBB overturned - Canada no longer biggest internet loser.
UBS Whistleblower Finds Himself in Federal Prison
UChicago receives package for Indiana Jones
UK Authorities Destroy Guardian's Hard Drives
UK Government Betrayal of Open Standards Confirmed
UK Porn Filter Will Censor Other Content Too, ISPs Reveal
UK anti-encryption law
UK chemist on Elsevier's ban on textmining
UK government now leaking documents about itself
UK moves to restrict Internet freedom
UK network o2 send your number to every site you visit
UK porn filter blocks League of Legends update
URLs are for People, not Computers
US Air Force’s 1950s supersonic flying saucer declassified
US Appeals Court: Forced Decryption Is Self-Incrimination
US Attorney Chided Swartz On Day of Suicide
US Bill Creating the Great Firewall of America
US Government seeks to block AT&T & T-Mobile's $39 Billion Merger
US Government: You Don't Own Your Cloud Data So We Can Access It At Any Time
US Media Blacks Out Snowden Interview
US Patent system so dysfunctional you can patent a stick from a tree
US Road Fatalities 2001-09 mapped with OpenStreetMap
US Senators ignore unintended consequences of criminalizing embedding videos
US Supreme Court declines to hear appeal by patent troll
US Treasury Guidance on Virtual Currencies (aka Bitcoins)
US and Israel created Stuxnet, lost control of it
US bars friends over Twitter joke
US blogger fined 8,000 Euros by France for criticizing Société Générale
US bugged Merkel's phone from 2002 until 2013, report claims
US claims all .com and .net websites are in its jurisdiction
US court rejects state-secrets defense in NSA surveillance case
US customs blocking DVDs that depict "insurrection against the US"
US debt visualized
US employee 'outsourced job to China'
US entertainment industry to Congress: make it legal for us to deploy rootkits
US intelligence mining data from 9 US Internet companies in broad secret program
US judge orders hundreds of sites "de-indexed" from Google, Facebook
US makes Bitcoin exchange arrests
US nearly detonated atomic bomb over North Carolina in 1961
US patent chief to software patent critics: "Give it a rest already"
US patent office rejects claims of Apple 'pinch to zoom' patent
US senators say there’s “no evidence” bulk metadata surveillance is useful
USA must not hunt down whistleblower Edward Snowden
USB Condoms
USB Implementers Forum Says No to Open Source
USB Stick Contains Dual-Core Computer, Turns Any Screen Into an Android Station
USPTO invalidates Apple's "rubber-banding" patent asserted against Samsung
USSD code to factory data reset a Galaxy S3 can be trigged from a HTML page
USV invests in Duck Duck Go
UTF-8 Everywhere
UTF-8 – "The most elegant hack"
UVA Computer Science professor resigns over incompetence of board
Uber Boston Has Been Served
Uber Stockholm throw a PR-tantrum when refused unfair advantages
Uber rival accuses car service of dirty tactics
Ubisoft "Uplay" DRM exposed as rootkit
Ubuntu 11.04 (Natty Narwhal)
Ubuntu 11.10 (Oneiric Ocelot) released
Ubuntu 11.10 Released (Online Tour)
Ubuntu 12.10 Now Available
Ubuntu 12.10 Quantal Quetzal released
Ubuntu 13.04 Raring Ringtail Released
Ubuntu 13.10 (Saucy Salamander)
Ubuntu Edge
Ubuntu Edge price dropped to $695
Ubuntu HTML5 SDK
Ubuntu Releases 12.04 LTS Precise Pangolin
Ubuntu Spyware: What to Do?
Ubuntu Unity usability testing results and analysis
Ubuntu Will Now Have Amazon Ads Pre-Installed
Ubuntu and GNOME jump the shark
Ubuntu for Android
Ubuntu for phones
Ubuntu on tablets
Ubuntu ported to the Nexus 7
Ubuntu should zig to Apple’s zag
Ubuntu will switch from X window server to Mir
Ubuntu's Bug #1 is fixed
Ubuntu's Plans To Implement UEFI SecureBoot: No GRUB2
Udacity and the future of online universities
Udacity to offer entire CS curriculum, certifications to obtain a degree online
Ultimate Tic Tac Toe
Ultra-Light Titanium Ribbon Bike Lock
Ultrabook: Intel's $300 million plan to beat Apple at its own game
Unannounced Facebook feature uncovered
Unbelievable
Unbreakable crypto: Store a 30-character password in your subconscious memory
Uncensored Everpix metrics, financials and slides
Uncloaking a Slumlord Conspiracy with Social Network Analysis
Uncovering Android Master Key That Makes 99% of Devices Vulnerable
Uncovering an advertising fraud scheme (NSFW) (2011)
Under the hood of Windows 8, or why desktop users should upgrade from Windows 7
Under the hood: Rebuilding Facebook for iOS
Underrated Features of PostgreSQL
Underscore Price Dynamics
Understanding C by learning assembly
Understanding Ego Depletion
Understanding IP, TCP, and HTTP
Understanding Like-gate
Understanding Linux CPU Load - when should you be worried?
Understanding The Fourier Transform
Understanding database normalisation: a very short tutorial
Understanding the Git Workflow
Understanding the bin, sbin, usr/bin , usr/sbin split
Understanding the code inside Tornado, the asynchronous web server
Undo
Unemployed game designer creates mind-blowing solar system explorer app
Unfit for work
Unfortunate Python
Ungit – Git UI that makes you understand git
Unheap - A tidy repository of jQuery plugins
Unheralded Mathematician Bridges the Prime Gap
Unicorn Jobs
United Airlines Lost My Friend's 10 Year Old Daughter And Didn't Care
United States Sentencing Commission website hacked
United States loses AAA credit rating from S&P
Universal Censors Megaupload Song, Gets Branded a “Rogue Label”
University of Waterloo Students Win Facebook's Hackathon
University of Waterloo: Silicon Valley's Canadian Feeder School
Unix Commands I Abuse Every Day
Unix Commands I Wish I’d Discovered Years Earlier
Unix as IDE
Unix tricks
Unix v6 Ported to ANSI C
Unlabeled Object Recognition in Google+
Unladen Swallow Retrospective
Unlocking Cellphones Becomes Illegal Saturday in the U.S.
Unprofessionalism
Unreal Engine in JavaScript/HTML5 – Citadel demo
Up and Down the Ladder of Abstraction
Update from the CEO
Update on GoDaddy Transfer Issues
Update on Julie Horvath's Departure
Update on Metro
Update on Novena Open Laptop
Update: Internet Explorer IQ story was bogus
Updated US immigration rules: H1-B can work for own company
Uptime Robot
Upton: A Web Scraping Framework
Urban Airship: Postgres to NoSQL and back
Urbit: A clean-slate functional OS
Uruguay is the Economist's Country of the Year
Uruguay legalises production and sale of cannabis
Uruguay's president José Mujica: no palace, no motorcade, no frills
Use "Amazon 1 Button" Chrome extension to sniff all HTTPS websites
Use Google+ to Improve Your UI
Use Jonathan's card to buy yourself an iPad
Use OSX Finder Quicklook (Spacebar) to preview all plain text files
Use SQL subqueries to count distinct 50x faster
Use Zsh
Use a Google Spreadsheet as your JSON backend
Use long flags when scripting
UseTheSource: a job board for hackers
User testing in the wild: he has never used a computer
Users complain their Dell 6430u laptops smell like cat piss
Users don't like social login
Users of my iOS Game Teach Me a Lesson MIT Didn’t
Uses for cURL
UsesThis: Rob Pike
Using HTML5/Canvas/Javascript to take screenshots
Using ImageMagick to make sharp web-sized photographs
Using Metadata to Find Paul Revere
Using Python and heat maps to determine the best place to aim on a dart board
Using Python generators for real work [pdf]
Using Silk Road
Using SimCity to diagnose my home town's traffic problem
Using Voice to Code Faster than Keyboard
Using a Square Reader with a reel-to-reel
Using an LCD’s poor viewing angle to your advantage
Using git to manage a website
Using prime numbers to make better backgrounds
Using python and k-means to find dominant colors in images
Using the HTML5 Fullscreen API for Phishing Attacks
Using unix as your IDE
V for Vendetta and the Rise of Anonymous - by Alan Moore
VAXen, my children, just don't...
VC Decries Airbnb’s Recent Funding for Founder Control and Cashout
VC Pitches in a Year or Two
VLC 2.1.0
VLC Core is LGPL
VLC for iOS Pulled from the App Store
VLC for iOS returns on July 19, rewritten and fully open-sourced
VLC has been downloaded over a billion times
VMWare Screw Customers
VMware launches Node.js, Rails and Spring PaaS
VNC over gif
VSRE: very short reply expected (netiquette)
Vagrant Share
Value is created by doing
Valve Employee Handbook
Valve Linux Steam Client Beta Application
Valve Pipeline
Valve Pushes Out Half-Life For Linux
Valve Releases Source Filmmaker Beta
Valve Says "Yes" To Steam Linux This Year
Valve Source Engine Running Faster on Linux than Windows
Valve boss says living room Steam PCs coming with Linux support
Valve demonstrates Steam Controller [video]
Valve hired their first wave of Linux developers, hiring more
Valve is developing Steam for Linux, says Michael Larabel of Phoronix
Valve joins the Linux Foundation
Valve releasing Dota2 for Linux
Valve starts promoting Steam for Linux to Windows users
Valve working on 'Steam Box' gaming console with hardware partners
Valve's GDC Talk: Porting Source to Linux [pdf]
Valve's OpenGL debugger open-sourced
Valve: Piracy Is More About Convenience Than Price
Vandalised home puts pressure on Airbnb
Vanilla JS, fast, lightweight, cross-platform framework!
Variance
Varnish author criticizing HTTP/2.0 proposals
Vasili Arkhipov
Vector Tiles for MapBox Streets
Vector based UI design tool that generates ObjC
Venezuela offers asylum to Snowden
Verbling: The instant way to practice and learn a language
Verdict for Google in Oracle's patent infringement case
Verisign seizes .com domain registered via foreign registrar
Verizon Is Blocking Google Wallet Anti-Competitively
Verizon Using Recent Net Neutrality Victory to Wage War Against Netflix?
Verizon is Selling Your Personal Data
Verizon, caught red-handed
Verlet-js - Open source dynamic body physics engine
Vermeer’s Secret Tool: Testing Whether The Artist Used Mirrors and Lenses
Vert.x – JVM Polyglot Alternative to Node.js
Very clever story telling using HTML and Javascript...
Very cool, but very creepy, open source project
Veteran NYTimes Photographer Arrested & Allegedly Beaten by NYPD
Veteran developer Steve Lacey (Google, Microsoft) Killed in Auto Accident
Vi Hart: cramming G+ into YouTube has made comments even worse, I'm leaving
ViTunes
Vice.com Reveals John McAfee's Location In iPhone Metadata
Vico Editor (Mac text editor)
Victory Lap for Ask Patents
Video Stabilization on YouTube
Video of reactor 1 at Fukushima plant
Video of tsunami in Japan
Video shot from the Space Shuttle during launch
Video: Quantum Levitation
Vidyard (YC S11) Is A YouTube For Businesses
Views from an Egyptian
Vigil: A programming language with eternal moral vigilance
Vim & Python: Making yourself at home
Vim 7.4 is released
Vim Adventures
Vim After 11 Years
Vim Cheat Sheet - For Programmers By Programmers
Vim Creep
Vim Git Gutter
Vim Koans
Vim Recipes
Vim University - Screencasts and Articles for Serious Vim Students
Vim and Vi Tips: Essential Vim and Vi Editor Skills, free on Amazon today only
Vim anti-patterns
Vim clutch
Vim is hard, I just want to click around
Vim ported to iOS
Vim, you complete me
Vim.js - JavaScript port of Vim
Vim3D – A new 3D vi clone [video]
Vim: Buffers, Windows, and Tabs
Vim: revisited
VimConf
Vimeo, DailyMotion, Pastebin, Xmarks & Major Torrent Sites Blocked in India
Vimroom
Vinod Khosla Wants Californians To Keep Out of Martins Beach
Violated: A traveler’s lost faith, a difficult lesson learned
Viral Video About Body Scanners
Virtual Reality is going to change the world
Virtual lane graphics for swimming with CSS3
VirtualBox hotfix now available for OS X 10.8.2 problem
Virtualenv to be part of Python 3.3
Visas for entrepreneurs
Visitor Tracking Without Cookies (or How To Abuse HTTP 301s)
Visitor.js
Visual Cryptography
Visual Programming Languages – Snapshots
Visual Studio '11' Announced
Visual Studio 2013 released to web
Visual Studio and Team Foundation Server will have Git support
Visualisation of Machine Learning Algorithms
Visualization of stock market performance over time, adjusted for inflation
Visualization: Movies Are Getting Worse
Visualizing Git Concepts with D3.js
ViziCities Dev Diary #1: Visualising Cities in 3D using WebGL
Volvo Gave Away the Most Important Design They Ever Patented
Voronoi Polygonal Map Generation
Vortex radio waves could boost wireless capacity “infinitely”
Vote Now: Who Should Be TIME’s Person of the Year? Edward Snowden
Voyager 1 has been traveling for about a year through plasma between stars
Voyager 1 has left the solar system
Voyager 1 is on the edge, and so is he
Voyager 1 spots new region at the edge of the Solar System
Voyager 1 this close to leaving solar system
Voyager Set to Enter Interstellar Space
Voynich Manuscript partially decoded, text is not a hoax, scholar finds
Vulnerabilities in Heroku's Build System
W3C HTML5 Logo Unveiled
W3C OKs Adding DRM into HTML5 Spec
WRT120N fprintf Stack Overflow
WTF Google, you stole my $5
WTF, HTML and CSS?
WTFM - Write The Freaking Manual
WTFWG
WTH is happening to Rails? I'll tell you.
WYSIHTML5: A better approach to rich text editing
WakeMate Update
Waking up at 5am to code
Waking up at 5am, my nearly 1 year review
Walking man animation using only CSS3
Walking on a cube-shaped planet
Walking out of an interview
Walmart Node.js Memory Leak
Walter Isaacson’s ‘Steve Jobs’
Wanelo: The First Million Users
Want Hacker News Comment Scores Back? Check out HNPoints.com
Want To Disrupt An Industry? Try Actually Working In It First
Want good programmers? Then pay them.
Want jobs? Encourage immigration
Want people to trust you? Try apologising for the rain
Want to Block Common Passwords? Sorry, That is Patented
Want to File a Motion in the FISA Court? First You Have to Find Them
Want to Spam Your LinkedIn Contacts and Be Humiliated? Try FounderDating
Want to Write a Compiler? Just Read These Two Papers.
Want to attract top tech talent? Offer telecommuting
Want to be a leader? Wash the Dishes When Nobody Else Will.
Want to learn to code? Don't copy and paste, type out other people's code
Want to move fast? Just do this
Want to write some code? Get away from your computer
War on Urchin
Warn HN: How to accidentally, irreversibly nuke your Facebook account
Warn HN: Lots of Launches Coming
Warning: Google Authenticator upgrade loses all accounts
Warp Drive May Be More Feasible Than Thought, Scientists Say
Warrant Canary
Warrantless wiretaps? Congress votes yes
Warren Buffett Buys World's Largest Solar Project from SunPower for $2.5 Billion
Warren Buffett: I could end the deficit in 5 minutes.
Warren Buffett: Stop coddling the super rich
Warsow 1.0 Released
Was LinkedIn Scammed?
Was Y Combinator Worth It?
Washington Post to be sold to Jeff Bezos
Washington voters approve legalized marijuana
Watch 2013 Barack Obama Debate 2006 Joe Biden Over NSA Surveillance [video]
Watch Me Make Mistakes
Watch Mitt Romney's Facebook Likes Decrease in Real Time
Watch YC Startup School 2012 Live
Watch a VC use my name to sell a con
Watch a swarm of flying robotic drones construct a tiny building
Watch other people code
Watch pg write an essay in real time
Watch what you store on SkyDrive–you may lose your Microsoft life
Watchdog Report Says N.S.A. Program Is Illegal and Should End
Water seems to flow freely on Mars
Watsi (YC W13) raises $1.2M first-of-its-kind 'philanthropic seed round'
We (unexpectedly) got 60K users in 60 hours - What we learned
We Are Giving Ourselves Cancer
We Are the App Store
We Found Our Son in the Subway
We Have Luxurious Jobs but We Are Not Aware of It
We Let Our Employee Set Their Own Salaries
We Need A Standard Layered Image Format
We Need To Talk, Google
We Need a Basic Income Guarantee
We Need a Warby Parker for Mattresses
We Need to Talk About TED
We Should All Have Something To Hide
We Think We Know What Elon Musk's Hyperloop Is
We Who Value Simplicity Have Built Incomprehensible Machines
We Work Remotely – New Job Board from 37 Signals
We and Mozilla are working together to make the web awesome
We are in the AOL days of social networking
We are not normal people
We are sorry
We are sorry to inform you
We call ourselves innovators, but most of us are really just iterators
We don't know why lithium batteries work
We expect too much of geeks
We got a takedown notice from LifeShield for our positive review
We have an employee whose last name is Null. He kills our employee lookup (2012)
We know what you're doing
We made something. We use it. We love it. Apple rejected it
We may have witnessed a NSA "Shotgiant" TAO-like action
We need a GitHub of Science
We need help with the disappearance of Security Researcher Dancho Danchev
We now have an effective vaccine for Malaria
We open-sourced 90 node.js modules at Browserling
We paid $634 million for the Obamacare sites and all we got was this lousy 404
We should only work 25 hours a week, argues professor
We spent a week making Trello boards load fast
We stopped advertising on Facebook
We used to sleep twice each night
We will try to stop fixing bugs in PHP
We work a 4-day week and just raised $4.75m
We work a 4-day week and just raised $4.75m (2012)
We'll Be Circling Back
We're Shutting Down and I'm Scared
We're all remote: how we deal with a 100% remote dev team
We're only being dishonest to get your attention. Join us!
We've Open-Sourced Everything
We've Open-sourced Rendr
We've got 99 problems but traction ain't one
We've invented waterfall
Wealth, risk, and stuff
Web Design Trends
Web Design is 95% Typography
Web Designers should all be using this idea by now: Font Icons.
Web Developer Checklist
Web Development: A Crazy World
Web Framework Benchmarks
Web Framework Benchmarks Round 4
Web Framework Benchmarks Round 7
Web GL Ocean Simulation
Web Giants Consider 'Nuclear Option' Blackout to Fight SOPA
Web Intents - the future of web apps
Web Revenue Models
Web Scraping 101 with Python
Web Services Our Startup Relies On Every Day
Web Standards
Web Tracing Framework by Google
Web based Textmate like editor that saves to Dropbox
Web developer will work for you for free
WebGL Car Viewer
WebGL Nyan cat
WebGL Terrain Flyover Demo
WebGL Water
WebGL Water Simulation
WebGL: 80,000 particles
WebKit for Developers
WebKit is the jQuery of Browser Engines
WebMynd is doubling revenue every 3 months, and the team every 6. Join us.
WebOS will be on 'every HP PC' shipping next year, says CEO
WebPutty: CSS editing goes "boink"
WebScript.io: Just choose a URL and type in a script. No servers, no deployment
WebSocket proxy support added to nginx trunk
WebSockets RFC is now official
Webcam Pulse Detector
Webdesigners: please make text readable
Webflow (YC S13) Lets You Design Responsive Websites Visually, Publish Instantly
Website calculates how your life might be like in another country.
Website outages and blackouts the right way
Websockets 101
Weebly CEO David Rusenko: It’s Time to Take Us Seriously
WeekendHacker.net - A place for very small projects
Welcome Garry and Aaron
Welcome Guido
Welcome Sam, Garry, Emmett, and Justin
Welcome To Life
Welcome To The Unicorn Club: Learning From Billion-Dollar Startups
Welcome to Google Island
Welcome to Unreal Engine 4
Welcome to a New Gist
Welcome to the Cloud - "Your Apple ID has been disabled."
Welcome to the United States: Discriminated, detained, searched, interrogated
Welcome to the new web.
Welcome, Freshmen. You Don't Deserve to Be Here
Well funded YC W11 startup is hiring: lead backend engineer
Well-Kept Gardens Die By Pacifism
Well-funded YC startup looking for seasoned devs. Great pay + perks + happiness
Went Off The Rails: Why I'm Rebuilding Archaeopteryx In CoffeeScript
We’re About to Lose Net Neutrality
We’re Fucked, It’s Over: Coming Back from the Brink
We’re In The Middle Of A Terrible Blubble
We’re not going to have a jobless recovery. We’re going to have a jobless future
What 4chan thinks of HN
What A Hacker Learns After A Year In Marketing
What Americans Keep Ignoring About Finland's School Success
What Being a Handyman Has Taught Me About Male Insecurity
What Broke My Father's Heart (2010)
What Business is Wall Street In?
What Coke Contains
What Could Have Been Entering the Public Domain on January 1, 2011?
What Could Have Entered the Public Domain on January 1, 2014
What Did Not Happen At Mt. Gox
What Do Cats See?
What Does 200 Calories Look Like?
What Dreams May Come
What Eric Schmidt actually said
What Every C Programmer Should Know About Undefined Behavior #2/3
What Every C Programmer Should Know About Undefined Behavior #3/3
What G+ is really about (pst it's not social)
What Google knows about you
What Google's Famous Cafeterias Can Teach Us About Health
What Guide Books Tell Foreign Visitors to the U.S.
What HN users don't mean to be
What Happened to the Future?
What Happens When A Twitter Client Hits The Token Limit
What Happens When One of Your Coworkers Dies
What Happens When You Swear At Your Users
What Happens When the Poor Receive a Stipend?
What Happens When the President Sits Down Next to You at a Café
What Happens to Older Developers?
What Happens to Stolen Bicycles?
What Happens to the Brain When You Meditate
What Happens to the Coke in Coca-Cola?
What Hard Drive Should I Buy?
What I Didn't Say
What I Hate About Git
What I Hate About Working At Facebook
What I Learned Building Twitter Bootstrap
What I Learned From Fixing my Laptop's Motherboard
What I Learned From Increasing My Prices
What I Learned From Opening a Bookstore
What I Learned Negotiating With Steve Jobs
What I Learned from a Sex-Crazed Short-Order Cook
What I Wish I Had Known Before Selling to Google
What I Wish I Knew When Learning Haskell
What I Wish Someone Had Told Me About Startups 4 Years Ago
What I learned from getting my side project acquired
What I learned from raising venture capital
What I learned on a round-the-world yacht race
What I wish I knew before moving to San Francisco
What I've Learned About Smart People.
What I've been up to for the past year
What If Cars Were Rented Like We Hire Programmers?
What If Drivers Were Hired Like Programmers?
What If We Paid Off The Debt? The Secret Government Report
What If Your Emails Never Went to Gmail and Twitter Couldn't See Your Tweets?
What It's Like To Be Ridiculed For Open Sourcing A Project
What It's Like to Fail
What It’s Really Like to Work at Google
What I’ve learned from 35 years of wearing computerized eyewear
What I’ve learned in 5 years of running a SaaS
What Jeff Bezos Knew Back in 1997 That Made Amazon a Gorilla
What Larry Page really needs to do to return Google to its startup roots
What Lucky People Do Different
What Major World Cities Look Like at Night, Minus the Light Pollution
What Makes Android Revolutionary
What My Son's Disabilities Taught Me About 'Having It All'
What Netflix Could Have Said This Week
What New Twitter Employees Do For The First Week
What No One Told You About Z-Index
What Pandora Pays Top Artists
What Powers Instagram: Hundreds of Instances, Dozens of Technologies
What Really Happened When Facebook Bought Instagram
What Safari’s Reading List means for Instapaper
What Should You Do with Your Crappy Little Services Business?
What Snowden really revealed
What The Rails Security Issue Means For Your Startup
What They Don't Tell You About Public Speaking
What Twitter could have been
What We Don't Know About Spying on Citizens: Scarier Than What We Know
What We Should Have Said To PG
What You Really Need Is A Market, Not An Idea
What a 600,000-megapixel-wide picture looks like
What a stupid idea
What agile means to me (and why it never really works)
What are imaginary numbers?
What are the lesser known but useful data structures?
What are the most intellectually stimulating websites you know of?
What being hopelessly single taught me about pitching tech celebs
What can I do for Mozilla
What can I do for Mozilla?
What can you do in 2k LOC of C?
What did Persona get right? Why did Persona fail to gain wide adoption?
What did the tech CEO say to the worker he wanted to automate?
What do 100,000 stars look like?
What do grad students in math do all day?
What do you think of our new team page? (type "dance" for party mode)
What does "HREF" stand for? (2008)
What does "it's a good start" really mean.
What does $1265 of bugs look like?
What does 0^0 equal? Why do mathematicians and high school teachers disagree?
What does one trillion dollars look like?
What does randomness look like?
What every programmer should know about memory, Part 1
What every programmer should know about time
What every web developer must know about URL encoding
What everyone should know about the human eye
What future space combat would really look like
What happened to all the female developers?
What happened to the 11 employees of Microsoft in the 1978 photo
What happened when my co-founder quit the night before our YC interview
What happened when the CEO of a Boston burrito chain became an Uber driver
What happened with LEGO
What happens after Yahoo acquires you
What happens after Yahoo acquires you (2011)
What happens to all the Asian-American overachievers when the test-taking ends?
What happens to our brains when we exercise and how it makes us happier
What happens when placeholder text doesn’t get replaced
What happens when the Secret Service uses a NSL on you
What happens when the U.S. President uses your startup for a conference call
What happens when you are the doctor on the airplane?
What happens when you give 4chan images of the Boston Marathon?
What happens when you sit at a desk for 13 years and also exercise
What happens when you use a standing desk for two years
What happens when you wring out a washcloth in space [video]
What happens when you're #1 on Hacker News for a day
What if Hollywood had to use tech like we have to watch movies?
What if Tunisia had a revolution, but nobody watched?
What if Visual Studio had Achievements?
What if successful startups are just lucky?
What if you didn't need money or attention?
What is 1e100.net?
What is A/B Testing?
What is Happening in Istanbul?
What is in your .vimrc
What is it like to be a geek in a prison?
What is really happening in Ukraine
What is the enlightenment I'm supposed to attain after studying finite automata?
What is the exact difference between a terminal, a shell, a tty and a console?
What is the most effective thing you did to improve your programming skills?
What is the rule for adjective order?
What is the single most influential book every programmer should read?
What it takes to build great machine learning products
What it's Really Like Working with Steve Jobs
What it's like in Egypt: An email from my mom
What it's like to skydive through a thunderstorm
What it's like to uncover a $1 billion fraud
What it's like to use Haskell
What it’s like to die
What it’s like to work for Stripe
What killed the Linux desktop
What life lessons are unintuitive or go against common sense or wisdom?
What makes Lua tick?
What makes one appear smarter and more sociable?
What number is halfway between 1 and 9?
What on earth are Google thinking? (re: Binggate)
What one book could give me a new, useful superpower?
What papers should everyone read? - Theoretical Computer Science
What percentage of people are alive today?
What powers Etsy
What programming languages were used by the Soviet Union's space program?
What really happened aboard Air France 447
What really happened at PyCon 2013
What skills do self-taught programmers commonly lack?
What strips vocals from audio when a 1/8' audio jack is partially unplugged?
What technical reasons are there to have low maximum password lengths?
What technologies are under your site
What the Fluck
What the Fox Knows
What the first web blackout looked like, 17 years ago
What the hell is happening to rails?
What the smartest people do on the weekend, everyone else will do in 10 years
What time is it?
What to Say To Someone Who is Sick
What to do about GNU?
What was the code quality of the initial version of Google?
What we discovered about InstallMonetizer
What would Feynman do?
What would a teaspoonful of neutron star do to you?
What would you like to see most in minix? (1991)
What you could do if you were Google and had their databases
What's Actually Wrong with Yahoo's Purchase of Summly
What's Going On (on "Why Python, Ruby, and Javascript are Slow")
What's In A GIF
What's That Programming Language?
What's Tylenol Doing to Our Minds?
What's a $4000 Suit Worth?
What's a Closure?
What's all this fuss about Erlang?
What's new in Android 4.3
What's next Google? Dropping SMTP support?
What's that?
What's the one Linux command you wish you knew years ago?
What's up with HN?
What's with this anti-directory structure movement?
What's wrong with OKCupid's matching algorithm.
What's wrong with this code, really?
Whatever goes up, that’s what we do
Whatever happened to due process?
Whatever happened to the Hurd? – The story of the GNU OS
Whatever works for you
WhatsApp is broken, really broken
What’s New In Python 3.4
What’s Up With All These Changes in Rails?
What’s up with ARM
When "clever" goes wrong: how Etsy overcame poor architectural choices
When A Daughter Dies
When A Game Designer teaches a College Course: No Grading, just Levelling Up
When Art, Apple and the Secret Service Collide: 'People Staring at Computers'
When Did Americans Lose Their British Accents?
When EC2 Hardware Changes Underneath You
When Facebook was Fun
When Haskell Is Not faster than C
When I first heard the name "Safari"
When Not To Quit: Man Revived After 96 Minutes
When Patents Attack
When Should I Visit? - A 24 hour hack I made, what do you think?
When Truth Survives Free Speech
When We Lose Antibiotics, Here's Everything Else We'll Lose Too
When Will We See Collisions for SHA-1?
When free markets make it worse: new TLDs
When half a million Americans died and nobody noticed
When male CEOs have daughters, relative pay for women at their firms goes up
When operating "at web scale", users often simply don't have "real names"
When patents attack Android
When the Nerds Go Marching In
When the cops subpoena your Facebook information, here's what FB sends the cops
When the rules prevented Kenneth Cole from launching, he broke the rules
When to Use PayPal vs. Merchant Account
When will I ever use math?
When you want to quit because it's just not worth it
When you're in a team that I lead, there are 3 things that I'd like to ask you
Where Did Groupon’s Billion Dollars (Series G) Go?
Where can I get large datasets open to the public?
Where designers go to find photos and graphics
Where do you find the time for side projects?
Where has all the money in the world gone?
Where my mouth is
Where the Heat and the Thunder Hit Their Shots
Where's Waldo?
Wherein SFPD is still going surveillance-nutty
Where’s _why?
Which hashing algorithm is best for uniqueness and speed?
While we are focusing on SOPA, we are being distracted from the Protect IP Act
Whistleblower Binney says the NSA has dossiers on nearly every US citizen
White Coke
White Hat SEO: It F$#ing Works
White House Deletes TSA Petition (just short of 25,000 signatures)
White House Had Advance Notice on Heathrow Detention
White House Petition to End Software Patents Is a Hit
White House Response to “Make Unlocking Cell Phones Legal”
White House Tries to Prevent Judge From Ruling on Surveillance Efforts
White House responds to Patent Petition
White House: What's Blocking Innovation in America? My Answer: IP Laws
Whitehouse.gov petition to veto SOPA
Who 'likes' my Virtual Bagels?
Who Are We at War With? That’s Classified
Who Does Facebook Think You Are Searching For?
Who Killed Men's Hats? Think Of A Three Letter Word Beginning With 'I'
Who Rules America: An Investment Manager's View on the Top 1%
Who You Are
Who helps your Linux distribution run smoothly? Thank a packager today
Who inherits your iTunes library when you die?
Who killed videogames?
Who stole the Mona Lisa?
Who wrote the 'Death Note' script?
Who's Selling Credit Cards From Target
Who's your SSH buddy?
WhosHere's response to Brian Hamachek/Who's Near Me
Whose bug is this anyway?
Why "Coupon Code" Should Not be a Field on Your Payment Form
Why 'Her' will dominate UI design even more than 'Minority Report'
Why 'Passive Income' Is A Dangerous Fantasy (2011)
Why (and how) we've switched away from Google Maps
Why ++[[]][+[]]+[+[]] = 10 in JavaScript
Why 256 bit keys are large enough
Why 3 MIT Grads Want to Send You an Empty Box
Why 37signals Doesn't Hire Programmers Based on Brainteasers
Why 3D doesn't work and never will.
Why 80 Percent of Web Projects Are Total Bullshit: A Freelancer’s Rant
Why Am I So Upset About Aaron Swartz's Suicide?
Why Amazon Can't Make A Kindle In the USA
Why American Eggs Would Be Illegal In A British Supermarket, And Vice Versa
Why American Mothers are Superior
Why American Phone, Cable and Internet Bills are so High
Why Android SSL was downgraded from AES256-SHA to RC4-MD5 in late 2010
Why Angry Birds is so successful and popular?
Why Anti-Authoritarians are Diagnosed as Mentally Ill
Why Anti-Authoritarians are Diagnosed as Mentally Ill (2012)
Why Apple's new ads look like Microsoft made them.
Why Arabic is Terrific
Why Are Lawyers So Expensive Even With The Excess Supply Of Lawyers?
Why Are There So Many Pythons?
Why Aren't Other SOPA Supporters Being Punished Like GoDaddy?
Why Asm.js Bothers Me
Why Bitcoin Matters
Why Bootstrap might be very important
Why Brit Ruby 2013 was cancelled and why this is not ok
Why BuzzFeed Should Pay My Invoice For Copyright Infringement
Why Caltech Is in a Class by Itself
Why Can't Developers Estimate Time?
Why Can't We Drink Sea Water?
Why Can’t Tablet Makers Just Freaking Ship?
Why Chinese Mothers are Not Superior (from a female Chinese engineer)
Why Class?
Why Clojure doesn't need invokedynamic
Why Coke Cost A Nickel For 70 Years
Why Concatenative Programming Matters
Why Cruise Ships are My Favorite Remote Work Location
Why Dart is not the language of the future.
Why Data Structures Matter: left, right folds, btrees
Why Daylight Saving Time Should Be Abolished
Why Developers Never Use State Machines
Why Discourse uses Ember.js
Why Django Sucks
Why Do Companies Still Use Microsoft Windows For Displays?
Why Do Some People Learn Faster?
Why Do Startups Do This?
Why Does A Good Kettle Cost $90+?
Why Does Windows Have Terrible Battery Life?
Why Don't Americans Elect Scientists?
Why Don’t Smartphones Have A “Guest Mode”?
Why Don’t We Value Spatial Intelligence?
Why Dropbox Succeeded and Syncplicity Didn’t
Why Education Companies Do Not Succeed
Why Edward Snowden Is a Hero
Why Emacs?
Why Every Professional Should Consider Blogging
Why Everyone Eventually Hates or Leaves Maven
Why Everyone Seems to Have Cancer
Why Explore Space? A 1970 Letter to a Nun in Africa.
Why F1 Steering Wheels Have Over 20 Buttons - And What They All Do
Why Facebook Connect Shouldn't Be Your Only Sign-in Option
Why Facebook and Google's Concept of "Real Names" Is Revolutionary
Why Facebook is killing Silicon Valley
Why Facebook's 'Frictionless Sharing' violates HTTP
Why Files Exist
Why Finland’s schools are great (by doing what we don’t).
Why Finnish babies sleep in cardboard boxes
Why First Round Capital funded a lawsuit
Why Free Software Is More Important Now Than Ever Before
Why French Parents Are Superior
Why GIMP is Inadequate
Why GNU grep is fast
Why GNU grep is fast (2010)
Why Gas Is So Expensive Today (Hint: It’s Not Libya)
Why Geeks Should Love HP WebOS
Why Gmail's new design is unsuitable for heavy use
Why God Hates German Words
Why Google And Facebook Need To Go Dark To Protest SOPA
Why Google Earth Can't Show You Israel
Why Google Went Offline Today and a Bit about How the Internet Works
Why Google's hiring process is broken
Why Groupon Is Poised For Collapse
Why HN was down
Why HN was slow and how Rtm fixed it
Why I Am Leaving Goldman Sachs
Why I Changed My Mind On Weed
Why I Develop For The Mac
Why I Did Not Go To Jail
Why I Dislike EC2
Why I Don't Do Unpaid Overtime and Neither Should You
Why I Don't Want to Learn Go
Why I Don’t Buy the Quora Hype
Why I Don’t Host My Own Blog Anymore
Why I Dropped Out Of YC
Why I Gave Up A Million Dollar Consultancy
Why I Hate Android
Why I Hate Frameworks
Why I Left Google
Why I Let My Students Cheat On Their Exam
Why I Like Go
Why I Love Being A Programmer in Louisville
Why I Migrated Away From MongoDB
Why I Never Hire Brilliant Men (1924)
Why I Program in Erlang
Why I Program in Go
Why I Quit Being So Accommodating (1922)
Why I Quit My Job to Start a Tech Company
Why I Retired From Apple
Why I Sold My Startup Instead Of Taking VC Money
Why I Still Use Emacs
Why I Turned Down $5 Million in VC Funding
Why I Use Perl: Reliability
Why I Will Never Feel Threatened by Programmers in India
Why I Will Never Go Back to the United States
Why I Won’t Be Using BetaPunch for User Testing
Why I Wrote PGP (1999)
Why I Wrote a Programmer's Text Editor
Why I am building a product with a tiny market
Why I am not worried about Japan’s nuclear reactors
Why I cancelled my TechEd talks
Why I created Comic Sans
Why I do not want to work at Google
Why I don't care very much about tablets anymore
Why I don't trade stocks and (probably) neither should you
Why I get my entertainment via BitTorrent
Why I left Google
Why I left Google (2012)
Why I left Google. What happened to my book. What I work on at Facebook.
Why I left Heroku, and notes on my new AWS setup
Why I like Java
Why I moved to Miami
Why I no longer contribute to Stack Overflow
Why I now, unfortunately, hate Hacker News..
Why I quit medicine
Why I read Hacker News even though I understand very little of it
Why I signed ACTA
Why I still don’t contribute to open source
Why I stopped being a voluntourist
Why I stopped travelling to the US and largely stopped doing business in the US
Why I take sketch breaks instead of surfing the internet
Why I think Rust is the "language of the future" for systems programming
Why I use DuckDuckGo and You Should Too
Why I want Bitcoin to die in a fire
Why I went from Python to Go (and not node.js)
Why I went with them and not you: feedback to an interviewer
Why I will never pursue cheating again
Why I won't be using Groupon again.. A consumer perspective.
Why I won't get a Google+ Custom URL
Why I'd never work for Google, Twitter, or Facebook
Why I'll be a solo founder next time
Why I'm Betting On Julia
Why I'm Doing It All Wrong
Why I'm Interested in Bitcoin
Why I'm Planning to Kill W3Schools
Why I'm Rooting For Google+
Why I'm a Pirate
Why I'm done with Scrum
Why I'm not buying Facebook
Why I'm returning my Microsoft Surface RT
Why I'm switching back to Firefox
Why I'm thrilled Mark Zuckerberg is annoying the bankers
Why I've built an alternative to Github
Why I, Jeff Bezos, Keep Spending Billions On Amazon R&D
Why Iceland Should Be in the News, But Is Not
Why Indie Developers Go Insane
Why Instagram is so fast at uploading photos
Why Instapaper Free is taking an extended vacation
Why Is Eric Schmidt Stepping Down at Google?
Why Is It Rocket Science That Laws Should Apply Online Too?
Why Is Netflix Secretly Cropping Movies?
Why Is The Defense Department Snooping On My Phone?
Why Is This Cargo Container Emitting So Much Radiation?
Why Is Zambia So Poor?
Why Isn't Gatsby in the Public Domain?
Why It's So Hard to Get From Brooklyn to Queens
Why It's Time to Break the Code of Silence at the Airport
Why I’m not leaving Python for Go
Why I’m not paying the Troll Toll
Why Japanese Web Design Is So Different
Why Johnny can't stream: How video copyright went insane
Why Leaves Really Fall Off Trees
Why Loneliness Matters in the Social Age
Why Lua?
Why Men Can't Have It All
Why Meteor will kill Ruby on Rails
Why Microsoft Word must die
Why Microsoft bought Skype
Why Minecraft Matters
Why MongoDB Never Worked Out at Etsy
Why Most Unit Testing is Waste [pdf]
Why Mozilla Matters
Why Mozilla Persona is the right answer to the question of Identity
Why Mt. Gox is full of shit
Why Multi-armed Bandit algorithms are superior to A/B testing (with Math)
Why My Father Hated India
Why Nobody Can Match the iPad’s Price
Why Nokia failed: 'Wasted 2,000 man years' on UIs that didn't work
Why Non-engineers Think Engineers Are Better Off Joining Startups
Why Not Haskell?
Why O'Reilly Media doesn't use DRM
Why Open Source misses the point of Free Software
Why PHP Was a Ghetto
Why Palantir Makes My Head Hurt
Why Phonebloks Will Never Happen
Why PostgreSQL doesn't have query hints
Why Privacy Matters Even if You Have 'Nothing to Hide'
Why Privacy Matters Even if You Have 'Nothing to Hide' (2011)
Why Programming is Difficult
Why Publishing on the Windows Phone is Like Walking Barefoot On Broken Glass
Why Puppet, Chef, Ansible aren't good enough
Why Putting SSH On Another Port is a Good Idea
Why Python Runs Slow, Part 1: Data Structures
Why Python is Important for You
Why Python, Ruby, and Javascript are Slow
Why Quit? Because the other company has bigger monitors.
Why Quora is in trouble
Why Rackspace Is Suing The Most Notorious Patent Troll In America
Why Ratings Systems Don't Work
Why Reddit was down for 6 hours
Why Registers Are Fast and RAM Is Slow
Why Ruby?
Why Russians Are Not Smiling (2011)
Why SICP Matters
Why Should I Care That No One’s Reading Dzhokhar Tsarnaev His Miranda Rights?
Why Silicon Valley Immigrant Entrepreneurs Are Returning Home
Why Silicon Valley is not the second coming of the Gilded Age
Why Sleep Deprivation Eases Depression
Why Smart People Are Stupid
Why So Many Rich People Don’t Feel Very Rich
Why Some People Can Run on Little Sleep and Get So Much Done
Why Spotify can never be profitable: The secret demands of record labels
Why Stack Overflow Sucks and Participating There is Impossible
Why Stack Overflow in Portuguese?
Why Starting Justin.tv Was A Really Bad Idea, But I’m Glad We Did It Anyway
Why Startup Hubs Work
Why T-shirts matter at tech companies
Why Tarsnap doesn't use Glacier
Why TechCrunch is boring, SAP is not, and the world has gone mad
Why TechCrunch is over
Why The New Gmail Sucks
Why The Sharing Economy Isn’t
Why Twilio Wasn’t Affected by Today’s AWS Issues
Why U.S. Galaxy S Phones run Android 2.1
Why Use Make
Why Use Nginx?
Why Use Postgres
Why Users Don’t Fill Out Sign Up Forms
Why Vagrant?
Why Valve? Or, what do we need corporations for..
Why Waiting Is Torture
Why Wal-Mart Will Never Pay Like Costco
Why Watching DVDs on Linux is Illegal in the USA
Why We Can No Longer Trust Microsoft
Why We Desperately Need a New (and Better) Google
Why We Haven’t Met Any Aliens
Why We Moved Off The Cloud
Why We Stick With PHP (and don't move to Ruby or Python)
Why We Still Believe in Working Remotely
Why We Took Cocaine Out of Soda
Why White Tigers Should Go Extinct
Why You Can't Build a Smartphone
Why You Can't Hire Great Perl Programmers
Why You Should Never Use MongoDB
Why You Should Start Using a VPN
Why You Shouldn't Interrupt a Programmer
Why YouTube buffers: The secret deals that make and break online video
Why Your Customers Would Be Happier If You Charged More
Why Your Form Buttons Should Never Say 'Submit'
Why Your Form Checkboxes Need to Have Label Tags
Why Your Links Should Never Say “Click Here”
Why Your McD's Burger Doesn't Look Like the One in the Ad
Why Your Startup Can’t Find Developers
Why You’ve Never Read “I Have A Dream”
Why a medieval peasant got more vacation time than you
Why a one-room West Virginia library runs a $20,000 Cisco router
Why a*a*a*a*a*a cannot be optimized to (a*a*a)*(a*a*a)?
Why airplane bathrooms have ashtrays
Why all HDMI cables are the same
Why am I being endorsed for skills and expertise I do not claim on my profile?
Why an MRI costs $1,080 in America and $280 in France
Why apps are not the future
Why are Europeans White?
Why are payment forms so complicated?
Why are restaurant websites so awful? Because of restaurant culture.
Why are roller coaster loops not circular?
Why are software development estimates regularly off by a factor of 2-3?
Why are there no true cross-platform filesystems?
Why are you people defending Apple?
Why aren't we all using Japanese toilets?
Why business analysts and project managers get higher salaries than programmers?
Why can a scam company raise $40 Million Series C + $76 Million Series B?
Why can't all "tech" journalism be like this?
Why can't people in US watch Al Jazeera?
Why charging $12/year converts higher than $9.99
Why cheap customers cost more
Why critics of Rails have it all wrong (and Ruby's bright multicore future)
Why developers are leaving the Facebook platform
Why did a Train Carrying Biofuel Cross the Border 24 Times and Never Unload?
Why didn't tech company leaders blow the whistle?
Why didn't the Romans have hot air balloons?
Why discussions on cyber snooping have been so painful for us
Why do Windows functions all begin with a pointless MOV EDI, EDI instruction?
Why do apps from the same company look worse on Android than on iPhone?
Why do business analysts and PMs get higher salaries than programmers?
Why do game developers prefer Windows?
Why do humans procrastinate?
Why do programmers write apps and then make them free
Why do self-respecting hackers use Gmail & Co?
Why do we pay sales commissions?
Why do web sites and software take so long to build? And why is it so hard?
Why do you think people are poor?
Why does Adobe Reader need so many updates?
Why does Angular.js rock?
Why does Google append while(1); in front of their JSON responses?
Why does Google prepend while(1); to their JSON responses?
Why does HTML think “chucknorris” is a color? (2011)
Why does NASA use gold foil on equipment and gold-coated visors?
Why does iTunes 10.7 try to contact the domain bogusapple.com?
Why does that QR Code go to justinsomnia.org?
Why does the C preprocessor interpret the word “linux” as the constant “1”?
Why does the alarm clock snooze button give you nine extra minutes, not ten?
Why does this png display differently in Chrome/Firefox than in Safari/IE?
Why doesn't GCC optimize a*a*a*a*a*a to (a*a*a)*(a*a*a)? (2013)
Why doesn't every company buy developers the best hardware?
Why don't metals bond when touched together?
Why don't they just..?
Why don't websites immediately display their text these days?
Why don’t journalists link to primary sources?
Why don’t software development methodologies work?
Why every programmer should have a Tiddlywiki
Why floats suck - accurate galaxy-wide coordinates in 128 bits
Why founders fail: the product CEO paradox
Why founding a 3-person startup with 0 revenue is better than working for GS
Why go out?
Why hardware development is hard: Verilog is weird
Why have CPUs been limited in frequency to around 3.5Ghz for so many years?
Why have young people in Japan stopped having sex?
Why haven't we cured cancer yet?
Why incorporating my startup was my worst mistake
Why is America the 'no-vacation nation'?
Why is C faster than Java: git vs JGit
Why is European broadband faster and cheaper? Blame the government
Why is Google so hysterically hypocritical about Bing using its public data?
Why is Rick Santorum Using a Picture of 4Chan Founder Moot on His Website?
Why is TeX still used? What are some good, modern alternatives?
Why is Windows so slow?
Why is git pull considered harmful?
Why is nobody using SSL Client Certificates?
Why is nobody using SSL client certificates?
Why is one loop slower than 2 in C?
Why is printing “B” dramatically slower than printing “#”?
Why is processing a sorted array faster than an unsorted array?
Why is reading lines from stdin much slower in C++ than Python?
Why is science behind a paywall?
Why is the DOS path character "\"?
Why is the mouse cursor slightly tilted and not straight?
Why isn't iTunes shuffle random?
Why it is Awesome to be a Girl in Tech
Why it's OK to leave a tech job at 5 p.m.
Why it's so hard to find a photo of Neil Armstrong on the moon
Why learning Haskell makes you a better programmer
Why mobile apps suck when you're mobile (TCP over 3G)
Why mobile web apps are slow
Why must you laugh at my back end?
Why my Mom Bought an Android, Returned It, and Got an iPhone
Why no Steam, Notch?
Why no company that values their data should ever "Go Google"
Why no looting in Japan?
Why nothing can go faster than the speed of light
Why open-office layouts are bad for employees, bosses, and productivity
Why pi?
Why police lie under oath
Why political journalists can’t stand Nate Silver
Why programmers are not paid in proportion to their productivity
Why scientific programming does not compute
Why should I have written ZeroMQ in C, not C++
Why should anyone ever use a Google API again?
Why shuttle Atlantis will not be left attached to the ISS
Why some people respond to stress by falling asleep
Why the #AskObama tweet was garbled on screen
Why the Fuck?
Why the Mac App Sandbox makes me sad
Why the Movie Industry Can't Innovate and the Result is SOPA
Why the Quick Bar (“dickbar”) is still so offensive
Why the Tech Industry Needs to Deal With Its Ageism Problem
Why the US can beat China: The Facts about SpaceX Costs
Why the World Needs OpenStreetMap
Why the cheapest maple syrup is the best
Why the film industry needs disrupting
Why the password "this is fun" is 10 times more secure than "J4fS!2"
Why the tech press is ignoring Zulily's huge IPO
Why the world needs OpenStreetMap
Why there is no Hitchhiker’s Guide to Mathematics for Programmers
Why three prongs?
Why time appears to speed up with age
Why two men committing the same crime get different chances at a parole
Why two spaces after a period isn’t wrong – lies typographers tell about history
Why upgrading your Linux Kernel will make your customers much happier
Why use Clojure?
Why use SVM
Why was '~' chosen to represent the home directory?
Why was Mini USB deprecated in favor of Micro USB?
Why was Pinball removed from Windows Vista?
Why was a scam company able to raise $76 Million Series B?
Why was my email leaked?
Why was this secret?
Why we are choosing Clojure as our main programming language
Why we are unlikely to ever leave the solar system.
Why we can't go back to business as usual post-PRISM
Why we can't process Emoji anymore
Why we created Julia - new language for fresh approach to technical computing
Why we ditched PayPal for Stripe
Why we don't hire programmers based on puzzles and tricks
Why we gave up web design after 10 successful years to move to products
Why we have to boycott RSA
Why we left AngularJS
Why we love Mozilla Persona
Why we moved from NodeJS to Ruby on Rails
Why we need an Open Wireless movement
Why we revert to original titles
Why we shut down a product that was $75,000/year profitable
Why we think there's a Multiverse, not just our Universe
Why we're supporting Typed Clojure
Why yo momma won’t use Google+ (and why that thrills me to no end)
Why you can't hire
Why you don't steal from a hacker.
Why you might not want to incorporate in the USA
Why you need your own company
Why you should learn just a little Awk - A Tutorial by Example
Why you should never ask permission to clean up code.
Why you should never use hash functions for message authentication
Why you should never, ever use two spaces after a period
Why you should not be displaying relative dates.
Why you should not go to medical school
Why you should not pirate Google’s geo APIs
Why you should not trust emails sent from Google
Why you should take your 20's seriously
Why you should use OpenGL and not DirectX
Why you shouldn't do what Aaron did
Why you shouldn't start a startup
Why your games are made by childless, 31 year old white men
Why your new programming language won't work
Why you’ll always think your product is shit
Why, oh why, do those nutheads use vi?
Wi-Fi signals enable gesture recognition throughout entire home
Wife Said No, Apple Said Yes
WikiLeaks Volunteer Was a Paid Informant for the FBI
WikiLeaks begins publishing 5 million emails from Stratfor
WikiLeaks wins case against VISA
WikiLeaks' Assange gets Australian peace prize
WikiLeaks: Out of time and money
WikiLeaks: The Spy Files
Wikileaks Founder: Facebook is the most appalling spy machine ever invented
Wikileaks Takes Down the Head of Al Jazeera
Wikileaks credit card donation is back
Wikileaks internal memo on "The Fifth Estate"
Wikileaks publishes 500k new Stratfor emails
Wikileaks release "PlusD": Database of 1.7 million diplomatic cables
Wikileaks: Police Arrested Movie Pirate As “A Personal Favor” To Movie Official
Wikipedia Raises $16 Million to Remain Ad-Free
Wikipedia Redefined
Wikipedia Zero
Wikipedia blackout page
Wikipedia doesn't need your money
Wikipedia editors, locked in battle with PR firm, delete 250 accounts
Wikipedia founder steps in to help UK hacker
Wikipedia shuts down Italian site because of Berlusconi's "Wiretapping Act"
Wikipedia to Shut Down on Wednesday to Protest SOPA
Wikipedia will be leaving GoDaddy
Wikipedia's list of lists of lists
Wil Shipley: My “Doom” 20th Anniversary Stories
Wil Wheaton on Instagram's new ad policy
Wil Wheaton: Yo Hollywood, Let Me Download Ubuntu
Will Dropouts Save America?
Will Google Kill my Blog on December 6th?
Will It Optimize?
Will Work for Food and Lodging
Williams: Master of the "Come From"
Winamp shutting down on December 20th, 2013
Winamp's woes: how the greatest MP3 player undid itself
Wind Map
Windows 3.1 written in JS/HTML
Windows 7 Network Awareness: How Windows knows it has an Internet connection
Windows 8 Arrives
Windows 8 Consumer Preview released.
Windows 8 Doesn’t Want Your App. Try Again Later
Windows 8 OEM specs may block Linux booting
Windows 8 Pro Upgrade to cost $39.99
Windows 8 Tells Microsoft Everything You Install, Not Very Securely.
Windows 8 and the Microsoft Surface
Windows 8 productivity: Who moved my cheese? Oh, there it is.
Windows 8 — Disappointing Usability for Both Novice and Power Users
Windows Executable Walkthrough Graphic
Windows NT Kernel Contributor Explains Why Performance is Behind Other OS
Wine 1.6 Released With 10,000 Changes
Winning at Candy Crush
Winter is coming
Wireless devices go battery-free with new communication technique
Wireshark is switching to Qt
Wish I was here by Zach Braff
With +1, Google Search Goes Truly Social — As Do Google Ads
Wizard Modals for Bootstrap
Wolfenstein 1D
Wolfram Alpha Personal Analytics for Facebook
Wolfram Alpha doesn't "get it"
Wolfram Language
Woman Who Couldn’t Be Intimidated by Citigroup Wins $31 Million
Woman removes SIM card from smart energy meter, uses $193k of 3G data
Women Outnumber Men For The First Time In Berkeley’s Intro To Computer Science
Women are rejecting marriage in Asia. The social implications are serious.
Women, Tech Conferences and the Bullshit Surrounding It
Woodcut Maps: Handcrafted wood-inlay maps, designed by you
Wooden iPad 2 cover outsmarts Apple's Smart Cover
WordPress Discontinues Support for Internet Explorer 6
WordPress has left the building
WordPress names their 3.1 release: Reinhardt
WordPress.com accepts Bitcoin
Workers Leaving the Googleplex
Working Best at Coffee Shops
Working Remotely
Working at Microsoft – Day to Day Coding
Working hurts less than procrastinating, we fear the twinge of starting
Working with the Chaos Monkey
World
World of Mathematics
World wide wasteland
World’s most photographed places
Worse
Worst CAPTCHA Ever
Would-Be Suicide Bomber Killed by Unexpected SMS From Mobile Carrier
Wounded QR Codes
Wow, or from the When-Apple-Became-the-Borg Department
Woz on Creativity: Work Alone
Woz talks iOS 7 and PRISM in an off the cuff airport interview [video]
Wozniak calls for open Apple
Wozniak remembers Steve Jobs
Wozniak: Innovative projects, not tests, should determine a student's grade
Write Gambling Software, Go to Prison
Write More Classes
Write any javascript code with just these characters: ()[]{}+
Write hybrid CPU/GPU programs in Haskell
Write your app in HTML5, upload it and get back app-store ready apps
Writing Clear, Concise, Sentences
Writing Fast, Memory-Efficient JavaScript
Writing Vim Plugins
Writing and Speaking
Writing code with MS Paint
Writing device drivers in Linux: A brief tutorial (2006)
X-editable: In-place editing with Twitter Bootstrap, jQuery UI or pure jQuery
X86 MMU fault handling is turing complete
XBMC 11 is released
XKCD 1190 is now more individual frames than there are XKCD comics.
XKCD's Randall Munroe on Google+ requiring your gender to be public
XKCD-style charts with D3
XKCD: Time
XKeyscore: NSA program collects 'nearly everything a user does on the internet'
XMPP creator's "Locker" -- personal social media aggregation platform
Xcode 4.1 now available free from the Mac App Store
Xcode now costs US$ 4.99
Xcode, GCC, and Homebrew
Xenia - An Xbox 360 emulator
Xerox scanners and photocopiers randomly alter numbers in scanned documents
Xiki: A shell console with GUI features.
Xip.io - a magic domain name that provides wildcard DNS for any IP address
Xkcd "Click and Drag" in a "map" interface
Xkcd Password Generator
Xkcd style graphs
Xkcd's mindboggling April Fools comic
Xkcd's world - pieced together with AngularJS (warning: big images)
Xkcd: Click and Drag
Xv6, a simple Unix-like teaching operating system
Y Combinator Female Founders Conference LiveStream
Y Combinator Founder Paul Graham Issues New Warning to Start-ups
Y Combinator Is Boot Camp for Startups
Y Combinator Numbers
Y Combinator interview decisions postponed to November 15
Y Combinator is funding the future of spam in Windows
Y Combinator's First Batch: Where Are They Now?
Y Combinator's Graham Doesn't See "Bubble" in Technology
Y Combinator's Graham Says Startups Must Improve Lives
Y Combinator, Silicon Valley’s Start-Up Machine
Y Combinator’s New Head
Y Combinator’s Paul Graham: We’re Looking For People Like Us
Y Not – Adventures in Functional Programming (2012)
YC Facelift: EXEC
YC NYC, September 26
YC S11 Company Seeks Front-End Hacker
YC S11 Company seeks Rails Architect
YC S11 Startup Solving the Biggest Challenges in Mobile Looking for 1st Employee
YC S12 company refuses to pay for my design. "Send your claim to our legal team"
YC W11 Gaming Startup, growing 10% a day, Hiring Hackers
YC W11 startup with $2M in fresh capital and sick office looking for key devs
YC W13 Will Be Smaller
YC Will Now Fund Nonprofits Too
YC and 500 Startups company Curebit caught stealing from 37 Signals
YC without being in YC
YC-backed digital publisher looking for an early backend engineer
YCPages - List of Y Combinator companies, founders and jobs with statistics
Yahoo CEO Mayer Now Requiring Employees to Not Be Remote
Yahoo CEO might have lied about having CS degree
Yahoo Crosses The Line
Yahoo Lays Off Flickr Support Staff
Yahoo Removes Registered Trademark (R) From Logo
Yahoo announces 2,000 job cuts
Yahoo blocked emails about Wall Street protest
Yahoo submits bid for Hulu
Yahoo to Acquire Tumblr
Yahoo wins motion to declassify court documents in PRISM case
Yahoo's Fight for its Users Earns the Company Special Recognition by EFF
Yakuza
Yale Discovers a Fungus That Eats Plastic
Yale censored a student's course catalog site. I made an unblockable replacement
Yale scientists explain how ketamine vanquishes depression within hours
Yale students made a better version of its course catalog. Yale shut it down
Yamaha's Latest Silent Brass
Yammer agrees to Microsoft's $1 billion acquisition offer
Yammer moving from Scala to Java
Yanukovych leaks
Ydiff: Structural Comparison of Programs
Year 2038 problem
Year of the storm
Yelp, You Cost Me $2000 by Suppressing Genuine Reviews. Here’s How You Fix It
Yeoman 1.0 Released
Yeoman.io - Quickly build beautiful web applications
Yes I Still Want To Be Doing This at 56
Yes `yes no`
Yes, I was hacked. Hard.
Yes, The CIA Spied On Congress
Yes, The Khan Academy is the Future of Education
Yes, You Can Run 18 Static Sites on a 64MB VPS
Yesod 1.0 - a robust, friendly, high performance web framework for Haskell
Yesterday I Wrote My First Firefox OS App
Yesterday, I Went to the American Idol for Startups. It Made Me Want to Die.
Yogaglo Patent Issued
You Are Naturally Short Housing
You Are the Average of Your Five Closest Friends
You Are the Exception to the Rule
You Can’t Copyright Porn, Harassed BitTorrent Defendant Insists
You Might Have an Invisible Facebook Account Even if You Never Signed Up
You Must Try, and then You Must Ask
You Owe it to Yourself to be Old-School
You Really Should Log Client-Side Errors
You Should Downvote Contrarian Anecdotes
You Weren't Meant to Have a Boss
You are committing a crime right now
You are committing a crime right now (2012)
You are dangerously bad at cryptography
You are getting sleeeeeeepy ...
You are not Steve Jobs
You are not running out of time
You broke the Internet. We're making ourselves a GNU one [video]
You can do it alone
You can increase your intelligence
You can list a directory containing 8 million files But not with ls..
You can now create files on GitHub
You can't do that
You can't google 9999999..99999999999999999999999
You can't impress developers
You don't get shit you don't ask for
You don't have to be local
You don't need millions of dollars
You don't understand something until you think it's obvious.
You just went to the Google homepage. What actually happened?
You know, Google, the web already had this feature
You might not need jQuery
You should be using Google Analytics to log your startup's client-side errors
You should blog even if you have no readers
You win, RIM (An open letter to RIM's developer relations)
You'll be dead soon - Carpe Diem
You'll never be Chinese
You're Overthinking It
You're Using JSON, Why not MessagePack?
You're a developer, so why do you work for someone else?
You're crap and paid too much for the little work you actually do
You're not the CEO - You're the Fucking Janitor
You're solving the wrong problem
You've Probably Read Enough
YouCompleteMe, a Fast, As-You-Type, Fuzzy-Search Code Completion Engine for Vim
YouTube Founders Acquire Delicious
YouTube Founders Acquire Delicious From Yahoo
YouTube Identifies Birdsong As Copyrighted Music
YouTube Says Universal Had No ‘Right’ to Take Down Megaupload Video
YouTube is going Live
YouTube kills billions of video views faked by Music Industry
Young People Are Screwed: Here's How To Survive
Young, Unemployed and Living on the Street
Youngest Y Combinator Founders Launch MinoMonsters, The Pokemon Of Social Games
Youporn.com is now a 100% Redis Site
Your Bash Prompt Needs This
Your C# App on 66 Million Macs: Announcing Xamarin.Mac
Your Chrome browser might not be using HTTP anymore
Your Code is My Hell
Your Commute Is Killing You
Your Credentials Are Worthless Here
Your Feedback Matters – Update on Xbox One
Your First iOS App – 100% Programmatically
Your IP. In JSON
Your Lifestyle Has Already Been Designed
Your Mac Keeps A Log Of Your Downloads
Your Path to a $16B exit? Build a J2ME App
Your Progress As A Programmer Is All Up To You
Your Smartphone's Dirty, Radioactive Secret
Your Startup Is Spam
Your Startup Needs a Dashboard
Your Thoughts Can Release Abilities Beyond Normal Limits
Your Tumblr is broken. Fix it.
Your Username Will Now Serve as Your Password and Your Password as Your Username
Your Words are Wasted
Your best passive income? (2014)
Your body wasn’t built to last: a lesson from human mortality rates
Your heart attack bill: $3,300 in Arkansas, $92,000 in California
Your idea sucks now go do it anyway
Your infographic isn't an infographic. It's just a crappy graphic.
Your life's work
Your location history
Your most important skill: Empathy
Your number one priority
Your own company? You can do it
Your problem with Vim is that you don't grok vi
Your right to resell your own stuff is in peril
Your startup is not a startup, it’s just a website.
Your taste is why your work disappoints you.
Yours vs. Mine
Youth expelled from Montreal college after finding security flaw
Youtube claims I don't own my own film
You’re Pricing It Wrong: Software Pricing Demystified
You’re infected—if you want to see your data again, pay us $300 in Bitcoins
You’re not anonymous. I know your name, email, and company.
Yuri Milner, SV Angel Offer Every New Y Combinator Startup $150k
Z-410: How ZFS is slowly making its way to Mac OS X
ZFS on Linux 0.6.1 released: Ready for wide scale deployment
ZMap: Internet scanner maps all of IPv4 in 45 minutes
ZTE Backdoor
Zap your brain into the zone: Fast track to pure focus
Zappos.com customer database compromised
Zed Shaw's Template for "Learn X The Hard Way" Books
Zed Shaw: Launchpad vs. Github/SysAdmin vs. Coder
Zed Shaw: The wonderful Rob Sobers did a great job translating LPTHW to Ruby
Zed's new project: Vulnerability Arbitration
Zendesk CEO calls Freshdesk a freaking rip off - Freshdesk responds
Zerg Rush Google Easter Egg
Zero-day Exploit Price List
ZeroBin, opensource Pastebin where the server has zero knowledge of pasted data
ZeroCater is looking for people to talk to restaurants.
ZeroCater seeking Foodie Paratroopers
ZeroMQ instead of HTTP, for internal services
ZeroMQ is just sockets
ZeroVM: lightweight containers based on Google Native Client
Zerocoin: making Bitcoin anonymous
Zip Bomb
Zombie Startups
Zoomquilt
Zuck, Bill Gates, Jack Dorsey In Short Film To Inspire Kids To Learn How To Code
Zuckerberg: If I Were Starting A Company Now, I Would Have Stayed In Boston
Zurb Foundation 5 Released
Zurb Ink: Responsive HTML Email Framework
Zurb Launches Foundation 4
Zxcvbn: realistic password strength estimation
Zynga Files to Raise $1 Billion via IPO
Zynga May Have Just Laid Off 100+ Employees From Its Austin Office
Zynga Shuts Down OMGPOP One Year After Acquiring It For $200M
Zynga stock plummets below value of its cash and real estate
Zynga to Lay Off 520 Employees and shutter NY and LA Offices
Zynga to employees: Give back our stock or you'll be fired
Zynga's Profits Down by 95%
Zynga's Tough Culture Risks a Talent Drain
Zynga: forget games, let’s just do viruses
[Django] Python 3 port - all tests now pass on 2.7.2 and 3.2.2
[Jobs] Interviewstreet (YC S11) looking for marketing geeks
\d less efficient than [0-9]
_why's complete printer spool as one book [pdf]
_why's site is back up
_why's site is updated
agentzh's Nginx Tutorials
btjunkie says goodbye
dl.google.com now served by Go
eBooks compiled from top StackOverflow topics/answers
f.lux has been updated to a new version
http://(Type any keyword here).jpg.to
iBooks DRM has been cracked.
iBookstore rejects Holly Lisle's writing course because she mentions Amazon
iCloud’s Real Purpose is to Kill Windows
iMessage for Android
iOS 6 Breaks the App Store
iOS 7
iOS 7 before and after screenshots
iOS App Store - Fake Microsoft Word 2012 Approved
iOS Development Tips If You're Just starting Out
iOS Libraries
iOS holding my phone number hostage = the worst bug I’ve ever experienced
iPad Hack Statement Of Responsibility
iPad and Linode: 1 Year Later
iPad mini
iPhone 5
iPhone 5 web teardown: How Apple compresses video using JPEG, JSON, and canvas
iPhone 6: An edgy concept
iPhone Tracker - map a history of your iPhone's locations.
iPhone vs Android app sales: numbers from an indie developer
iPhone, meet Haskell
inPulse (YCW11/Mountain View/Hardware-ish) seeks 1st full-time Android Dev
jQuery.payment
jor1k: OR1000 Javascript Emulator Running Linux
mpv - a free and open-source general-purpose video player
news:yc (iPhone HN client) finally accepted into the App Store
oDesk to merge with Elance
printf("goodbye, Dennis");
tmux 1.8 Released
xkcd Time - at your own pace
xkcd: Instagram
~/.osx updated — sensible hacker defaults for OS X Mountain Lion
~/.osx — a collection of sensible defaults for OS X Lion
Îñţérñåţîöñåļîžåţîöñ
ØMQ: Mission Accomplished
Ƀ — Universal Bitcoin Logo Alternative
‘America has no functioning democracy at this moment’ – Jimmy Carter on NSA
‘Creepy Cameraman’ pushes limits of public surveillance
‘Functional Programming Principles in Scala’ starts today
“Accounts merged and now my files are gone”
“But The Client Wants IE 6 Support”
“Dear subscriber, you are registered as a participant in a mass disturbance.”
“Facebook turned me down” (2009)
“I am calling you from Windows”: A tech support scammer
“I hate almost all software” — Ryan Dahl
“I wrote FAT on an airplane, for heaven's sake”
“Inside Apple” Reveals Steve Jobs Anecdotes, Apple’s Little Known Facts
“MongoDB is dead. Long live Postgresql”
“NASDAQ is owned.” Five men charged in largest financial hack ever
“OK, but there are two rules…”
“Our Marketing Is Up Fog Creek” And What We Did About It
“People simply empty out”
“Please let me know if I should stop developing apps for Google Products”
“Real Names” Policies Are an Abuse of Power
“Right click and save as” needs to go away
“The Mill” – It just might Work
“The Tesla Model S is our top-scoring car”
“The working group should not agree to freeze whatever syntax Chrome ships”
“This presentation can’t be opened because it’s too old”
“This week marks the beginning of my 4th year at Facebook”
“Vacations are for the weak”
“WarGames” Magazine Identified
“Warning” signs at historical sites tell visitors to relax and enjoy themselves
“We Just Can’t Have You Here”
“We cannot trust” Intel and Via’s chip-based crypto, FreeBSD developers say
“We don’t get out of bed for less than $10,000 per day.”
“Well, He’s Not Going to Get Very Far”
“What Is That Box?” – When The NSA Shows Up At Your Internet Company
“What part of Milner-Hindley do you not understand?”
“What’s the waiter doing with the computer screen?”
“Why did you shoot me? I was reading a book”
“Working Too Hard And Not Getting Anywhere”
“grep -R doesn't automatically search amazon”
“iCloud Backup”
”No one at Google is Returning Our Calls”