
$4 million conference taught IRS employees how to be “honest,” “transparent”
$50 million ObamaCare fix: “Literally a life-or-death situation”
$50 million for IRS conferences?
$788 billion in gov’t waste?
$9 an hour is not enough
(Former pot smoker) Mayor Bloomberg calls medical marijuana a “hoax,” opposes recreational legalization
.000001 billion rising: Another failed mass movement
1.3 million people losing unemployment benefits today
10 undeniable facts about the Woody Allen sexual-abuse allegation
10 years of The Jawa Report
100 unintended consequences of ObamaCare
100,000 sign up for one-way ticket to Mars
102 hours in pursuit
107-year-old man killed in shootout with Arkansas SWAT team
13 hours that changed the Republican Party
13,753 government requests for Google e-mail data last year — most without a warrant
14 insane moments from RT’s coverage of the Russian invasion of Ukraine
15 important news stories that flew under the radar
15 questions about the increasingly crazy Syria debate
15 reasons why American politics has become an apocalyptic mess
16-year-old girl, born without legs and one arm, is now a swimming champ
17 million digits: Largest prime number identified
177,000 ways to knot a tie
1984: The worst love story ever told
200,000 people apply to be first to live on Mars
2013 a lost year for Democrats?
2013 ends with record number on disability receiving highest-ever monthly benefits
2013: The year defiance of the state became cool
2013: The year of the zombies
2013: The year of shamelessness
2013: The year the progressive narrative collided with reality
2013′s lessons for conservatives
2014 a test for Democrats’ renewed efforts in Texas
2014 and the Democrats’ long-term gun-control strategy
2014 looking good for GOP in Senate
2014 will be a pivotal year for Republican health-care policy
2014 will be a worse year for Obama than 2013 was
2014 will be the year of reckoning for post-war Afghanistan
2014: A “perfect storm” in Afghanistan?
2014: Good year for a great war?
2014: Make-or-break for ObamaCare
2014: The UN year of solidarity with the Palestinians
2014: The most libertarian year ever?
2014: The year of Obama’s reckoning
2014: The year to “go small”
2016 Democratic field might not wait for Clinton
2016 poll: Clinton deadlocked with Christie
2016 polling: Marco Rubio and Hillary Clinton lead their packs
2016: This time it’s the Democrats leaning towards the “next in line” candidate
2016: Will Hillary clear the Democratic field?
2016: “War on women,” the sequel?
2017 and the end of ethics
2029: The year computers will be able to outsmart their makers
29 Nigerian students burned alive, shot dead by jihadists
3-D printing pioneer wants government to restrict gunpowder, not printable guns
36 hours on the fake campaign trail with Donald Trump
40 billion habitable Earth-sized planets
40,000 new laws take effect in 2014
56 congressional Democrats say they’d support Hillary for president
68 lies in 11 minutes: My chat with Anthony Weiner
70 votes look elusive on immigration
70 votes now possible for immigration deal
72 lawmakers sign letters to ABC, NBC, CBS asking to explain lack of Gosnell coverage
73 rules for running for president as a Republican
76% of Americans are living paycheck to paycheck
78,000 people apply for a one-way trip to Mars
900,000 Brits come off disability after state requires new medical test to prove illness
99.8% of Falkland Islands residents vote to retain British rule
A $15 minimum wage?
A 2016 preview? Romney invites Chris Christie to speak to major donors
A 3-D printer for the human body
A CEO’s-eye view of ObamaCare
A China debt crisis in 2014?
A Christian conservative case for gay marriage
A Christie juggernaut?
A Cincinnati IRS lawyer speaks: We are Democrats, but nonpartisan Democrats
A Coke ad crystallizes the GOP’s immigration problems
A Cold War history lesson that needs relearning
A Democratic takeover of the House is still a long shot
A Fourth Amendment for foreigners?
A GOP House divided cannot govern
A GOP filibuster of Yellen would be a disaster
A GOP plan to repair ObamaCare, not repeal it
A GOP revival in 2014?
A GOP shutdown strategy between the “defunders” and Barack Obama
A Jesuit pope? To some, that’s a contradiction in terms
A July agenda for the House GOP: Discredit ObamaCare, ignore immigration
A Liz Cheney Senate run could save or kill neoconservatism
A Mother’s Day plea to stop equating adoption with abandonment
A Republican case for immigration reform
A Republican senator doubts his party can govern
A Republican wave in 2014 is looking more likely now
A Republican with a message for 2016
A September to surrender
A Texas-sized divide between Cornyn and Cruz
A Vegas doctor’s quest to cure the common hangover
A WaPo reporter explains her personal Gosnell blackout
A Washington riddle: What’s “top secret”?
A bad agreement likely to get worse
A bad and morally indefensible deal
A baffling new 400,000-year-old clue to human origins
A bakery with 95 employees confronts ObamaCare
A battle for the progressive soul: Cuomo versus de Blasio over charter schools
A beautiful mediocrity
A better way to honor Dr. King’s dream
A big victory for Assad
A billion smokers around the globe
A black box in your car? Some see a source of tax revenue
A bombshell in the IRS scandal
A bombshell or a yawn? The technical details of PRISM matter
A border surge for a secure future
A breakthrough on treating Alzheimer’s?
A breath test might show it’s not your fault you’re fat
A brief economic uptick hides grim truths
A brief history of media bias
A brown-skinned suburban mom responds to Common Core bigot Arne Duncan
A bushel of Pinocchios for IRS’s Lois Lerner
A busy Iranian regime: Torturing prisoners, persecuting minorities
A campus more colorful than reality: Beware the college brochure
A case of the vapers
A case study in the wonk gap
A challenge to young Obama fans: Time to step up and enroll in ObamaCare
A chance to own a home for $1 in a city on the ropes
A chart: How ObamaCare divides a nation
A civil suit against Zimmerman could backfire
A close encounter with abortion
A code of conduct for civil disobedience
A cold war among women
A compromise: Send Hagel to the UN
A computer inside a cell
A conservative alternative to ObamaCare
A conservative approach to immigration reform
A conservative case for prison reform
A conservative defense of government
A conservative identity crisis — or just growing pains?
A constitutional right to “cure” gays? No way, says the Ninth Circuit
A conversation about race? Get real
A cop’s new best friend: Google Glass?
A cop’s-eye view of terrorism
A country increasingly polarized by religion
A court ruling won’t end the gay-marriage debate
A cover-up laid bare
A cozy and lucrative place: America’s star system
A crisis of authority: The deeper meaning of the Obama scandals
A critical few weeks for ObamaCare? It could get worse
A crucial caveat in Obama’s vow on phone data
A cure for Down syndrome?
A cure for peanut allergies?
A dagger at the heart of justice
A dangerous “new normal” in college debt
A dangerous, wrongheaded deal with Iran
A deadly gamble: Egypt’s Salafists may now regret support for military
A debacle for liberalism
A decade after the invasion, did we win the war in Iraq?
A deepending divide: Gun rights supporters and opponents dig in for battle
A defining moment: Defund ObamaCare
A devastating affirmative action failure
A different kind of racial division
A disaster for Bloombergism in New York and Colorado
A dismal year in politics
A faith to stand firm
A fantasy-based foreign policy
A father finds his son in a grisly image
A federal agency that still uses floppy disks
A federal crackdown on legalized pot would backfire
A feminist mom, aghast at how her son was treated
A few questions about ObamaCare and the uninsured rate
A few questions for Senator Cruz on the debt limit
A few topics Obama won’t dwell on tomorrow night
A fight among conservatives
A fight over contraception won’t help ObamaCare
A flawed report: No, Americans don’t think astrology is scientific
A flourishing black market for organs in China
A foreign policy based on fantasy
A foreign policy mess worse than Jimmy Carter’s
A fresh start for Hillary Clinton and liberals?
A future worse than Mubarak’s reign
A girl and a .22
A global cyber-crisis in waiting
A global secular majority by 2041?
A global slaughter of Christians, but America’s churches stay silent
A golden age for intervention?
A government shutdown could be shock therapy
A grim sequel to Iraq’s war
A guide to the nation’s most vulnerable governors
A handshake that could shake the world
A heresy-hunt at CPAC
A hidden consensus on health care
A homeless bill of rights?
A house divided: The “Wacko Birds” and their war on D.C.
A how-to book about inciting a moral panic on guns
A huge opening for the GOP on ObamaCare
A jewel at the heart of quantum physics
A jobless recovery is a phony recovery
A jobs agenda for the right
A judicial system run amok in Florida
A key position in Middle East diplomacy has been ceded to Russia for the first time in 40 years
A laid-back summer for amnesty opponents
A leader has a duty to consider ideas from the opposition, Mr. President
A league of his own: Republicans need people who can talk like Christie
A legal poison pill for ObamaCare
A lesson for Chris Christie from Richard Nixon
A lesson for Islamists from the Arab Street
A lesson for ObamaCare: How the 1989 Medicare expansion failed
A lesson from L.A. in the Zimmerman case
A liberal case for drones
A lingering mystery: What was Obama doing on the night of the Benghazi attack?
A list of “don’ts” for Chris Christie
A little dog, a huge loss, and a life lesson
A live-and-let-live law
A long-needed constitutional amendment
A lot of unanswered questions in the ObamaCare enrollment report
A low dishonest administration
A man of greatness in modesty
A massive blow to Obama’s presidency
A menacing threat from nameless men in Cairo
A message to Trayvon Martin supporters
A milder Chris Christie? Don’t expect it to last
A mirror Earth, right around the corner
A misguided Republican establishment attack on insurgent groups
A model for the feds: “Diversion” programs sending more drug offenders to treatment, not prison
A modest GOP agenda for 2013
A modest gun-safety proposal
A monstrous plan to secure welfare benefits
A more secular Europe, divided by the cross
A much less special relationship
A mysterious Iranian-run factory in Germany
A mystifying U.S. diplomatic pullback from the Vatican
A nasty, brutish, imperial presidency
A nation built for, and by, immigrants
A nation divided against itself
A nation of kids on speed
A nation of mutts
A nation of part-timers?
A national disgrace: The shooting of Miriam Carey
A need for compromise on immigration
A new Cold War?
A new Islamist alliance among Syria’s rebels
A new civil war is brewing in Iraq
A new cry in France: Let us work Sundays!
A new direction in the war on poverty
A new idea for faster boarding: By carry-on bag
A new low for the Obama administration
A new moral treatment for the mentally ill
A new plan for Syria
A new power in conservative media
A new strategy to take on ObamaCare
A new theory on that mysterious unsolved triple murder in Boston
A new virus worse than SARS?
A new wave of Mexican illegal immigrants seems unlikely
A new way to curb drinking? Plant (false) memories of a bender
A papal surprise: Humility
A phalanx of lies: Remember that health plan you could supposedly keep?
A physician’s view of the sanctity of life
A plague called apathy
A plague of conspiracy theories in the Arab world
A plain brown package: Australia’s doomed effort to kill tobacco sales
A policy for Egypt: Support Al Sisi
A political DUI
A poorly designed immigration bill could get in the way of a GOP reinvention
A post-deal turn in Syria: Assad’s power affirmed, rebels deflated
A powerful new way to edit DNA
A precarious moment to raise the minimum wage
A president blinded by righteousness
A press corps full of Snowdenistas
A primary challenger for Lindsey Graham?
A push for harmony among workers, young and old
A quarter of young people don’t want health insurance, think it’s a ripoff
A quick history of kids accidentally purchasing stuff online
A radically humble Pope
A rare glimpse of North Korea’s version of Facebook
A real chance of SCOTUS-induced chaos on gay marriage
A real live Third Amendment case
A renewed alliance
A reply to Rand Paul about “the GOP of old”
A rush through the Senate will kill trust in immigration reform
A science-based abortion policy is impossible
A sensible compromise on Obamacare defunding: Restore the anti-fraud provisions
A shocking number
A shooting in Nice exposes France’s crime problem
A short and very incomplete list of journalism’s worst cliches
A short history of Ashley Judd’s more bizarre comments
A show of support: Romney to attend fundraiser with Christie
A sigh of relief for the White House on fracking
A slo-mo IRS cover-up
A small president on the world stage
A smart man with Jews on the brain
A smart phone that tries to slip you off the grid
A soldier in the Great War
A solution to the NSA overreach: Put people in charge of their own data
A sorry apology
A sound system so loud, it could kill you
A splash or a wave? A first look at the 2014 Senate races
A staggering abuse of power
A state-by-state look at the future of legal marijuana
A statement from the Muslim Brotherhood on the Boston bombings
A strange sort of justice at West Point
A strategy for Syria
A strategy to counter democracy’s global retreat
A striking absence of women in tech
A strong Iran is good for America — seriously
A strong performance by Kerry at State could hurt Hillary’s 2016 chances
A student editor grovels after another cartoon kerfuffle
A surveillance state is not the answer to terrorism
A tale of two Scarboroughs: From rabid gun-rights crusader to gun-control advocate
A tale of two massacres: Saturation coverage for Newtown, nothing for Kermit Gosnell
A tale of two millennials: Pajama Boy and me
A tea party exit would be a blessing for the GOP
A tea-party group targeted by Democrats got attention from the IRS — and the FBI, ATF, and OSHA
A techie walks us through healthcare.gov’s two big problems
A temporary majority: The problems Democrats can’t solve
A test for one Chinese province: How to educate an influx of U.S.-born children
A test of GOP resolve on ObamaCare
A threat to Hillary: The rise of the new New Left
A tobacco tax hike would save 200 million lives
A torturous ObamaCare odyssey ends in victory
A tough day on the radio for Marco Rubio
A tribute to Tom Coburn
A truce for the exhausted political class
A turn against casual sex among college students?
A vaccine for PTSD?
A very good sign that North Korea is bluffing about war
A very nervous New Year’s for Obamacare
A very productive chemical-weapons attack
A very wise decision by Obama
A vote of no confidence is in order
A war the Pentagon doesn’t want
A wary Easter weekend for Christians in Syria
A way around bad federal immigration law
A world where no one listens to America
A world without consequences: Why Putin, Assad, and their ilk make trouble
A world without work
A year of poor decisions shows it’s time for a change at the top of MSNBC
A year of fear
A yes vote of conscience for the world’s red line
A “Turkish Spring”? Not likely
A “fundamental culture change” on abortion?
A “model’ Islamic democracy in flames
A “sucker’s deal” on Iran
A&E didn’t want to disrespect gay employees by keeping Phil on “Duck Dynasty”
A&E quiet amid petitions calling for boycott over “Duck Dynasty” move
A&E warned Phil Robertson about speaking out too much
A&E’s “Duck Dynasty” dilemma
A&E’s “Duck Dynasty” hypocrisy
ABC anchor to Rove: Stop the scary Orwellian gun talk
ABC brass nixed Barbara Walters’ pick of Edward Snowden as year’s most fascinating person
ACLU files suit against NSA over data-mining
ACLU launches campaign to win GOP support for gay marriage
ACLU to Holder: Trying Zimmerman on federal charges would be double jeopardy
ACLU, LGBT groups raise “grave concern” over religious exemption in jobs bill
ACLU: Reid’s gun legislation could threaten privacy rights, civil liberties
ADHD does not exist
AFL-CIO chief: House GOP immigration proposal is “fool’s gold”
AFL-CIO: We will “steamroller” any lawmaker who opposes amnesty
AIDS patients in ObamaCare limbo as insurers reject checks
AP editors tired of relying on Obama’s Oval Office propaganda photos
AP president: DOJ subpoenas are unconstitutional
AP source: Strong indications that no chemical weapons were used in Syria this week
AP survey: House opposes Syria attack by six-to-one margin
ATF grants “crypto-anarchist” license for 3-D printing of guns
ATF uses rogue tactics in storefront stings across nation
ATF wants “massive” online database to find out who your friends are
Abbas accepts Palestinian PM’s resignation over U.S. objections
Abolish compulsory education
Abolish dual citizenship
Abolish the IRS (and the income tax with it)
Abolish the TSA
Abortion and the euphemism imperative
Abortion and the idol of the self
Abortion and the pill: The numbers
Abortion bill highlights Democrats’ uphill fight in Texas
Abortion is a winning issue for Wendy Davis or something
Abortion rights as a free-speech flashpoint
Abortion: Journalism’s most sacred cow
Abortion’s gray areas
About that RNC declaration of war on the conservative grassroots
About that “enrollment surge”
About to have a heart attack? There’s an app for that
Abusing dead children: Obama’s gun-control push
Abysmal ambassadorial nominations
Academia quits me — and many other humanities professors soon enough
Academic ghettoization of conservatism?
Access shock is a bigger problem for ObamaCare than cancellations
Accounts of petty retribution reinforce Christie’s image as a bully
Across Egypt, piles of ash where church pews once stood
Across the country, donors chip in to help programs hurt by federal government shutdown
Activists pressuring Obama to broaden federal recognition of gay rights if Court strikes down DOMA
Actually, Americans are in broad agreement about pot, abortion, and homosexuality
Actually, making Caroline Kennedy an ambassador isn’t a bad idea
Actually, that San Francisco news channel’s screw-up on the Asiana pilots’ name was partly our fault
Actually, the White House has some flexibility in choosing sequestration cuts
Actually, these are the most Godless cities in America
Adam Gadahn reveals Al Qaeda’s new plan: Taking over Syria
Adam Sandler tops Forbes’ 2013 list of the most overpaid actors
Add the EU to the list of myths we’re brainwashed to believe
Address the world like Reagan, Mr. President
Adhocracy
Administration debates stretching 9/11 law to go after new al-Qaeda offshoots
Administration delays Obamacare small business provision
Administration relying on shoddy Benghazi report to absolve itself of blame
Administration sources: We just never saw this website disaster coming
Admit it: You love cheap clothes and you don’t care about child slave labor
Ads attacking ObamaCare stagger outspent Democrats
Affirmative action: Who does it help and who does it hurt?
Afghan Taliban attack in Kabul throws peace talks into further doubt
Afghan middle class wonders: What happens when the U.S. leaves?
Afghan official: Adulterers may be stoned under new law
Afghan special forces commander defects with guns to insurgents
Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria: Same war, different countries
Afghans balk at U.S. push for counterterrorism operations after 2014
After $200 million in U.S. funding, Afghan soldiers still can’t read
After Boston we should follow all leads, even if that means more surveillance and profiling
After Boston, Obama can no longer ignore the reality of global jihad
After Boston, nothing will change
After Boston: What now for immigration reform and gun control?
After Gang of Eight, a new conservative message: Won’t get fooled again
After IRS and Benghazi, should I trust the government?
After Morsi’s ouster in Egypt, Tunisia’s Islamists fear a similar fate
After Morsi’s ouster, a second chance for Obama in Egypt
After Obama-Rouhani phone call, both leaders face pressure at home
After ObamaCare, can single-payer play in Massachusetts?
After Qaddafi’s “socialism,” Libya tries to untangle who owns what
After Qusair, Syrian army sets its sights on heartland
After SCOTUS ruling, GOP pols approaching gay marriage with caution
After Sandy Hook, Connecticut lawmakers vote to shield victim photos
After Supreme Court ruling, states rush to enact voting laws
After Syria, how much political capital will Obama have left for immigration and the debt ceiling?
After Tsarnaev’s cover, Rolling Stone sales up twenty percent
After Zimmerman verdict, Obama really needs to talk about racism
After a lousy year, how Obama can turn his presidency around
After a month of trying, I still can’t sign up for ObamaCare
After a string of setbacks, maybe it’s time for another Obama “charm” offensive
After debt-ceiling vote, NRSC event gives McConnell a hero’s welcome
After decade of war, troops still struggling to find work
After decades of extravagance, the college bubble bursts
After further review, the NFL is back for troops after the shutdown interface
After gutting the sequester, will Paul Ryan push amnesty next?
After ignoring unemployment, Obama now seeks to convince Americans it’s his top priority
After leaks, Obama leads damage control effort
After meeting with Obama, insurers question workability of “fix”
After multiple denials, CIA admits to snooping on Noam Chomsky
After my cancer diagnosis, seeing mortality in the near distance
After sequestration, does the president dare tee off?
After six budget showdowns, big government is mostly unchanged
After stunning defeat, lawmakers scramble to salvage farm bill
After taking hit in the polls, Obama pivots back to immigration reform
After the Obama surge: A new rush on gun stores
After the gold: Olympic medalists struggle with real life
After years on the sidelines, New York’s liberals retaking control
After-hours heart attack? You’re more likely to die, study finds
After ObamaCare
Again: Man in Afghan army uniform kills NATO soldier
Again: U.S. drone strike kills six suspected jihadis in Yemen
Against a balanced budget amendment, again
Against all odds, new Venezuelan president sounds even nuttier than Chavez
Against despair: The bad tactics of the “defund” effort
Against grand bargains
Against gun registration
Against humanitarian intervention
Agencies buying hotel rooms for surge of Mexican illegal immigrants
Aggressive talk from North Korea concerns U.S. leaders
Ahead of talks, Iran rejects shipping out uranium
Ahmadinejad: Iran already is a nuclear state
Ailing ObamaCare could become a crisis for liberalism
Aim of attack: Restore a “red line” that became blurred
Air Force drops “so help me God” from oaths
Air Force erases drone strike data amid criticisms
Air Force eyes subway for … nuclear missiles?
Air Force strips 17 officers of authority over nuclear missiles
Air Force’s nuke troubles run deep; key officers “burned out”
Airlines modifying Mideast flights ahead of potential Syria strike
Airlines promise a return to civility — for a fee
Airplanes hackable by phone? Not so fast
Al Franken open to individual mandate delay
Al Gore: “[America] has been hacked”
Al Jazeera America fails to attract U.S. audience
Al Jazeera America promising to focus on U.S. news
Al Jazeera at the Newseum
Al Qaeda branch confirms its number two in Yemen was killed in U.S. drone strike
Al Qaeda force captures Fallujah amid rise in violence in Iraq
Al Qaeda has “problem employees” too, you know
Al Qaeda in Iraq merges with Syrian jihadis
Al Qaeda in Iraq’s new goal: Kidnapping UN workers
Al Qaeda in Syria tells Christians: Pay up or die
Al Qaeda in Yemen releases new English-language magazine with tips for jihadis
Al Qaeda is back
Al Qaeda leader suspected of planning Algeria attack killed in Mali
Al Qaeda links cloud Syria as U.S. seeks clarity on rebels
Al Qaeda member suspected in 1998 bombings seized by “armed men” in Libya
Al Qaeda now patrolling the streets of Fallujah
Al Qaeda on the rebound, experts say
Al Qaeda opens first official Twitter account
Al Qaeda plan to “change the face of history” led to the U.S. scare
Al Qaeda propaganda mag crows about Boston and London attacks, urges more
Al Qaeda repeats old mistakes as a new act in Falluja’s tragedy unfolds
Al Qaeda returns: The new face of terror
Al Qaeda said to design bomb to slip onto airplanes
Al Qaeda staging a comeback, thanks to splinter groups
Al Qaeda-aligned groups in Syria may have access to biological pathogens
Al Qaeda’s Syria rift may lead to open conflict among jihadis
Al Qaeda’s big year
Al Qaeda’s jailbreak in Iraq: A counterterrorism nightmare
Al Qaeda’s new headquarters in Africa: Libya
Al Qaeda’s play for Lebanon
Al Qaeda’s proxies among Syrian rebels are scared by threats of U.S. strikes
Al Qaeda’s resurgence making things harder for civil libertarians in NSA debate
Al Qaeda’s tipsheet on avoiding drone detection discovered in Mali
Al Qaeda’s “Great Escape” plot? Hundreds of terrorists freed
Al Sharpton, posh populist
Al-Libi’s family: The U.S. seized the wrong man
Al-Qaeda-linked fighters now control parts of two Iraqi cities
Al-Qaeda-linked rebels in Syria mistakenly behead fellow fighter
Al-Qaeda-linked rebels target Christians in Syrian village
Al-Qaeda’s Syrian wing takes over the oilfields once belonging to Assad
Alan Dershowitz: Glenn Greenwald did this because he hates America
Alan Dershowitz: Glenn Greenwald “never met a terrorist he didn’t like”
Alan Dershowitz: I would find Zimmerman not guilty
Alan Dershowitz: Issa’s right, Lerner waived her right against self-incrimination
Alan Grayson praises the rise of “stealth socialism”
Alan Simpson: If Obama can’t cut the mustard on entitlement reform, he’s heading for a “failed presidency”
Albuquerque voters reject ban on late-term abortions
Alcohol benefits society in ways that pot never will
Alec Baldwin might not be coming back to MSNBC
Alec Baldwin talks about his MSNBC show’s sudden cancellation
Alec Baldwin’s late-night MSNBC show is a snooze
Alec Baldwin’s comeuppance
Alimony for your eggs
All dogs go to heaven — and some go to hospice
All eyes on appellate court after Utah gay-marriage ruling
All in the family: Nepotism rampant in Energy Department internships
All in the family: Why the media failed to break Obama’s scandals
All legal same-sex marriages will be recognized for tax purposes
All the president’s pivots
All the president’s tweeps
All the wrong people are getting ObamaCare
All things to all people: Obama the avatar
All you need is love: How community can save conservatism
Alleged Mexican military incursion into Arizona may point to cartel collusion
Allen West not ruling out 2016
Allen West, 2016?
Almost 20 percent of teen births are not a first child
Almost 80 million with employer health care plans could have coverage canceled, experts predict
Alone, yet not alone
Already a schism among “atheist churches”
Alternate juror in Zimmerman case: “I supported the verdict”
Amateurs on the world stage
Amazon workers opt out of a union
Amazon’s founder finds Apollo rockets
Amazon’s incredible money-losing business strategy in one chart
America and China: The new cold war?
America and the aggressive left
America can take a breather on foreign policy. And it should.
America chooses the wrong allies in Egypt
America could elect an atheist president. Really!
America didn’t decline. It just went global.
America has a right to an ObamaCare refund
America has become more pro-gay, but also more pro-life
America has been diminished by Obama’s hesitation over Syria
America is not the Grinch
America is paying its embassy guards in Kenya $1/hour
America is winning the Syrian civil war
America must atone for the torture it inflicted
America needs a coast guard that can fight
America needs a king
America needs a transformation
America needs its own Thatcher
America needs more impeachment, not less
America needs six-year high schools
America needs to rethink “retirement”
America no longer knows how to win wars, but it continues to start them
America should help developing nations to quit smoking
America should stay in Afghanistan
America the retirement home
America the vulgar: Whatever happened to the subtle thrill of real transgression?
America the war-weary and war-wary
America the clueless
America the trivial
America, give us the weapons we need to beat Assad
America, sharia’s protector
America, take note: How Scott Walker and the conservatives saved Wisconsin
America: Don’t lose your cool over Russia’s Crimean adventure
American Atheists still plan to be at CPAC “even if they don’t want us there”
American Catholicism: Decline, but not exhaustion
American atheists wouldn’t have enjoyed CPAC anyway
American banana republic
American campaigns should be a lot shorter
American families increasingly let kids make the buying decisions
American football is on its deathbed
American foreign policy is headed for disaster
American intelligence agencies disagreed on Russia threat in Ukraine
American intelligence and the “high noon” scenario
American jihadi Omar Hammami reported killed by al-Shabaab in Somalia
American meritocracy has given way to aristocracy
American politics is moving to the left
American power can’t cover for our strategic incompetence forever
American sovereignty and its “transnationalist” enemies
American weakness didn’t encourage Putin to invade Crimea
American “meritocracy”: Preserving and protecting the upper class
Americans are ready for a female president
Americans are taking on debt at scary high rates
Americans don’t believe in much of anything — and why that’s a terrible thing for politics
Americans don’t panic over the sequester because most of their needs are met by local government
Americans giving up passports jump sixfold as tougher rules loom
Americans have record wealth, but aren’t spending it
Americans in need will save ObamaCare from itself
Americans know they’ve already lost their privacy
Americans lose when think tanks become lobbyists
Americans lost $119 billion on gambling last year
Americans once again divided by race
Americans own nearly half of the world’s privately owned guns
Americans think JFK was one of our greatest presidents. He wasn’t.
Americans use First Amendment to storm shutdown barriers
Americans want to fix ObamaCare, not end it
Americans who favor stricter gun control think gun crime has increased
Americans won’t “throw the bums out” in 2014
Americans’ personal data shared with CIA, IRS, others in security probe
Americans’ support for a complete smoking ban increases to 22 percent
America’s 50 countries
America’s Middle East policy collapses
America’s Potemkin parliament
America’s assimilating Hispanics
America’s broken bootstraps
America’s chronic overreaction to terrorism
America’s clash of generations is inevitable
America’s coastal royalty
America’s creeping new normalcy
America’s culture wars will never end
America’s default on its debt is inevitable
America’s dummy diplomacy
America’s economy is slipping to number two. Don’t panic.
America’s emaciated army
America’s empathy failure on ObamaCare
America’s experiencing a wave of skepticism, not isolationism
America’s fastest-growing economies are in the south
America’s favorite age? It’s 50, new poll says
America’s fiscal future hinges on public reaction to the sequester
America’s global problem: We’re like Duke basketball
America’s global retreat
America’s governing party
America’s gun use is out of control. Shouldn’t the world intervene?
America’s libertarian moment
America’s menacing mega-trends
America’s most hopeless state
America’s most influential athlete: Tim Tebow
America’s most puzzling governor
America’s nastiest political blood feud
America’s new tax haven: South Dakota
America’s not in decline — it’s on the rise
America’s not looking so bad these days, huh?
America’s not retreating
America’s number one threat: Mexico?
America’s obsession with “The Walking Dead” is hurting our society
America’s political elite are dangerously out of touch
America’s power is under threat
America’s problem: We’re too dumb
America’s pundit-powered foreign policy
America’s red-state growth corridors
America’s sharp turn inward
America’s spies want Edward Snowden dead
America’s tired of Obama’s whining
America’s trending towards embracing gun rights
America’s ugly epidemic of social media envy
America’s voice in Iraq goes from boom to whimper
America’s “baby bust” may be over
Amid doubts, Obama and Cameron make the case for a Syria strike
Amid slow economic recovery, more Americans identify as “lower class”
Amid steady deportation, fear and worry multiply among illegals
Amid woes, Christie finds sympathy on the right
Ammo vs. amnesty in the MSM
Ammunition shortage leaves gun owners searching
Amnesty for illegals is not enough
Amnesty’s green-eyeshade conclusion: Let’s outsource family creation
Among the evangélicos
Amsterdam has a deal for alcoholics: Work paid in beer
Amtrak is a tax-sucking behemoth that deserves to die
An 18th-century strategy for the 21st-century GOP
An Al-Shabab attack on America: Not if, but when
An America that is losing faith with religion
An American future filled with promise
An American Pope?
An IRS political timeline
An Iran hawk’s case against new sanctions
An ObamaCare battle we can win
An ObamaCare board answerable to no one
An ObamaCare website failure even bigger than Washington’s
An academic cartel?
An accidental war
An act of provocative weakness by the White House
An agnostic defense of religion
An alternative to the Gang of Eight?
An amendment to shackle the spenders
An anti-gun purge of the Democratic Party?
An antidote to cynicism poisoning
An army of newly uninsured: A new GOP coalition, if they can keep it
An atheist utopia? Talk about a nightmare
An awful loss, a beautiful life, a daunting task
An easy answer to the feminist housework problem: Don’t clean as much
An education in college justice
An effective eye drug is available for $50. But many doctors choose a $2,000 alternative.
An executive without energy
An implicit rebuke of Obama: Clintons talking up their record of compromise
An insanely detailed map of the Internet
An insurance death spiral?
An interview with “Misha,” the Tsarnaevs’ alleged svengali
An open letter to Gov. Cuomo: Are we welcome in New York?
An open letter to Iran, from the Lebanese minister killed by a Hezbollah car bomb
An open letter to the makers of “The Wolf of Wall Street”
An open letter to the NSA
An open letter to Hollywood
An overlooked dream, now remembered
An unlikely casualty of ObamaCare: Cap and trade
An unseemly campaign for Federal Reserve chairman
An unusually aggressive president in pursuit of leaks
An update for Miranda rights
Analysis: Israel airstrike may foreshadow Iran attack
Analysis: Israel may be ready for more active military role in Syria
Analysis: Most tea-party groups scrutinized by IRS had budgets of less than $25,000 a year
Analysis: Republicans could see more bruising Senate primaries
Analysis: Tens of millions could be forced out of their health insurance
Analyst: Al Qaeda affiliate in Syria now best-equipped of the group
Anarchy at door, west starts to rebuild Libyan army
Anatomy of a battle: Why Syria’s rebels aren’t winning the war
Anatomy of a feckless presidency
Anatomy of a liberal shakedown: The Center for American Progress
Anatomy of how a racism lie spread half way around the world
Andrew Cuomo quietly building a case for 2016
Andrew Cuomo, still the prince of darkness
Andrew Cuomo: “Shame on us” if we elect Anthony Weiner mayor
Andrew Cuomo’s new mission: Legalizing late-term abortions
Angela Merkel’s phone isn’t worth tapping
Angry House Republicans demand better communication from leadership
Angry Karzai suspends negotiations with U.S. over peace talks with Taliban
Angry about immigration plan, some gay donors cut off Democrats
Angry at Ted Cruz, Republicans should remember what he represents
Ann Coulter is wrong about Latinos
Ann Coulter: Christie’s off my list for 2016
Annoyed Obama losing patience with Sebelius?
Another Al Qaeda member with American citizenship targeted for drone attack
Another Bush legacy: Fewer homeless
Another Danish zoo considering killing a healthy giraffe — also named Marius
Another Gosnell in Delaware?
Another IRS scandal waiting to happen
Another State scandal: U.S. Embassy official in Guyana removed in alleged sex-for-visas swindle
Another budget deal bites the dust
Another dark Christmas for Iraq’s Christians
Another form of media bias: Preferring activist government to effective government
Another glitch: How some Americans could miss out on ObamaCare subsidies in 2014
Another last-minute surprise: White House to delay individual mandate for people whose plans were canceled
Another look at Democrats’ chances of losing the Senate
Another misguided Cruz missile
Another non-accommodation from the Obama administration
Another option in Egypt: Do nothing
Another ordeal for Newtown: Divvying up donations
Another poll shows Weiner in second place in NYC mayoral race with 15%
Another problem ObamaCare won’t solve: Health-care costs
Another terrible conservative movie
Another “affordable care” sticker shock looms
Antarctica warming tied to natural cycle in tropical Atlantic, study says
Anthony Kennedy, emperor of America
Anthony Kennedy’s contempt
Anthony Weiner and the forever scandal
Anthony Weiner and the freak show as fable
Anthony Weiner had eyes set on media gigs long before mayoral bid
Anthony Weiner hints at another comeback attempt
Anthony Weiner stages a “meat” and greet in Bronx deli
Anthony Weiner testing waters for political comeback in NYC mayor race
Anthony Weiner treated women reporters like dirt too
Anthony Weiner: Hillary might be the most qualified candidate in American history
Anthony Weiner: I “can’t say” if other photos exist
Anthony Weiner: Sure, there may be more women who come forward with inappropriate photos or e-mails from me
Anti-American countries can become pro-American. Here’s how South Korea did it.
Anti-Gosnell resolution blocked in the Senate
Anti-Keystone billionaire rattles vulnerable Democratic pols
Anti-Keystone comments outnumber supportive ones two to one
Anti-abortion laws taking a dramatic toll on clinics nationwide
Anti-abortion measures gaining momentum in the states
Anti-free speech zones used to silence pro-lifers could come back to haunt liberals
Anti-semitism in Europe is getting worse
Anti-semitism now mainstream in France
Anti-sprawl policies threaten America’s future
Anti-suburb is anti-child
Anti-war Democrat searches for way to help Obama out by supporting Syria strike
Anti-war Democrats’ lack of unity gives Obama cover on Syria policy
Anxious youth, then and now
Appalachia, the white ghetto
Appellate court: Bloggers are media for First Amendment purposes
Apple denies working with NSA on backdoor to the iPhone
Apple’s iPhone, the new international currency
Applicants find ObamaCare website is improving — but not fast enough
Approving Keystone XL could be the biggest mistake of Obama’s presidency
Arab leaders pressuring Obama to lead on Syria
Arab press pans Obama on Syria
Arab voice of Donald Duck tweets that Israel should be demolished
Arafat poisoning report ambiguous and inconclusive
Are American lives more important?
Are Americans addicted to outrage?
Are DHS’s numbers on border control fatally flawed?
Are Democratic presidents better for babies?
Are Democrats about to fracture over fracking?
Are Democrats concern-trolling the Republican Party?
Are Democrats hoping for a Mitch McConnell primary win?
Are Democrats more extreme than the GOP?
Are Democrats tearing themselves apart over energy?
Are Greek neo-Nazis fighting for Assad?
Are House Republicans planning to pull a fast one on immigration?
Are House Republicans wasting their time with ObamaCare repeal votes? Maybe not
Are Kathleen Sebelius and HHS engaged in a domestic Iran-Contra?
Are Republicans already dissatisfied with their 2016 field?
Are Republicans finally getting their act together?
Are Republicans fooling themselves about ObamaCare?
Are Republicans going soft on crime?
Are Republicans really out of step?
Are Republicans running away from their repeal-only strategy for ObamaCare?
Are Republicans seriously about to send Mark Sanford back to Congress?
Are Republicans too divided to have a civil war?
Are Super Bowl ads a waste of money?
Are atheists mentally ill?
Are background checks a wedge issue for 2014?
Are conservatives really happier than other demographics?
Are drone strikes really as “legal,” “ethical,” and “wise” as the White House says?
Are elections decided by chance?
Are electronic medical records providing doctors with too much information?
Are four NFL players about to come out as gay?
Are health costs healing themselves?
Are heroic talkathons a viable strategy for winning higher political office?
Are immigrants really more fertile?
Are immigration reformers talking down chances so opponents will drop guard?
Are legal late-term abortion clinics any less horrifying than Gosnell’s operation?
Are libertarians pansies?
Are males really necessary?
Are mean girls getting meaner?
Are men biologically designed to avoid having affairs with their friends’ wives?
Are men irrational for opting out of education, careers, and families?
Are people signing up for ObamaCare — or for Medicaid?
Are private schools worth it?
Are recessions good for your health?
Are repeated concussions killing football players?
Are robots about to take our jobs?
Are sex scandals the only scandals Americans care about anymore?
Are short people intellectually challenged?
Are single-sex schools bad for girls?
Are smart phones turning us into Bad Samaritans?
Are successful women really less likable than successful men?
Are terror warnings pointless?
Are the Democrats getting too liberal?
Are the U.S. media as transparent as the U.S. government?
Are the votes on Syria there for Obama in the Senate, at least?
Are there any parts of ObamaCare the president can’t suspend?
Are there no limits to Eric Holder’s outrages?
Are there words you can’t say on the House floor?
Are they kidding — Mark Sanford?!
Are we alone in the universe?
Are we becoming a nation of pessimists?
Are we becoming weather wimps?
Are we fighting back against China’s cyberattacks?
Are we in another tech bubble?
Are we in the end times of trust in government?
Are we still at war?
Are women fighting the wrong fight on contraception?
Are you a Scott Walker conservative?
Are you a tax cheat if you shop online tax-free?
Are you ready for Congressman Clay Aiken?
Are you ready for Governor Steven Seagal?
Are you ready for Huntsman 2016?
Are you ready for President Gillibrand?
Are you ready for Trump 2016?
Are you ready for “The Huckabee Post”?
Are young voters really turning on Obama?
Are young, single adults expecting ObamaCare to cost so much?
Are your 9/11 memories really your own?
Are “green” cars mostly hype?
Are “smart gun” laws constitutional?
Ariel Sharon could have saved Israel
Ariel Sharon dies at age 85
Arizona GOP activists to introduce resolution at state convention to censure John McCain
Arizona GOP censures McCain for “liberal” record
Arizona’s law is a threat to civil rights
Arm the Syrian rebels. Now.
Armed guard’s presence ended Arapahoe High shooting in 80 seconds
Arming the TSA is not a solution
Arms race coming soon to the Middle East
Army PR wants average-looking women for its ads
Army restricts internal access to Guardian newspaper in light of Snowden revelations
Army’s amazing exoskeleton restores power to injured legs
Army’s new laser weapon can shoot down mortars and drones
Arne Duncan regrets his “white suburban moms” comment
Arne Duncan: “White suburban moms” upset that Common Core shows their kids aren’t “brilliant”
Arrival of Obamacare puts focus on IRS tax-credit scandal
Arthur Chu is playing Jeopardy! the right way
As 2014 looms, GOP using Weiner as a weapon against Bill Clinton
As America’s drone monopoly frays, Obama seeks global rules
As Arctic ice melts, it’s a free-for-all for oil — and tusks
As Biden visits, China pushes back over new air defense zone
As Congress fights over the budget, agencies go on their “use it or lose it” shopping sprees
As Congress turns to Syria, immigration reform falls to back of the line
As Detroit breaks down, scourge of arson burns out of control
As Egypt lionizes police, activists worry
As Healthcare.gov rebounds, new glitches hit Medicaid enrollments
As Hispanic vote lags, millions of votes are left on the table
As Iraq tips towards the abyss, U.S. and UK look the other way
As Kim Jong-un plays the tough guy, his aunt and uncle hold the reins of power
As New Jersey’s Christie campaigns, a 2016 strategy emerges
As North blusters, South Korea starts thinking about building a bomb
As Obama considers Syria strike, Bush and Carter weigh in
As Obama’s Asia “pivot” falters, China steps into the gap
As RNC reboots, Reince Priebus reaches out to the Ron Paul liberty movement
As Senate campaigns begin, some Democrats flee Obama
As Syria war escalates, Americans cool to U.S. intervention
As Syria’s war rages, region’s Christians hold their breath
As U.S. struggles with health reform, the Amish go their own way
As Washington keeps sinking, governors rise
As Wendy Davis touts life story in race for governor, key facts blurred
As Wikileaks takes on the roles of a state, America must treat it as one
As a Democrat, I am disgusted with President Obama
As amnesty looms, illegal immigration is picking up speed in Arizona
As ban on printed 3-D guns ends, gun-control backers seek extension
As broken ObamaCare promises pile up — “Lower rates for all!” — the left rolls out new sales pitches
As criticism grows, curtailing surveillance program seems unlikely
As debt-ceiling deadline approaches, GOP still divided on how to proceed
As evangelical leaders change their views on immigration, congregations follow
As families change, Korea’s elderly turn to suicide
As hospital prices soar, a single stitch tops $500
As interest fades in the humanities, colleges worry
As it makes overture to Iran, U.S. tries to reassure Israel
As journalists, we must be careful to properly blame Republicans for this shutdown
As marijuana attitudes shift, this may be a year of legalization
As medals slip away, Americans are getting steamed at Sochi
As much as I admire Pope Francis, I can’t go back to the Catholic Church
As of Friday, no one had successfully enrolled in NY’s state ObamaCare exchange yet
As predicted, ObamaCare plunges into utter chaos
As predicted, left attacks Rand Paul over Lochner
As public bristles at NSA, commercial surveillance is booming
As respect for gay marriage increases, will respect for religious freedom decline?
As rich grow more optimistic, lawmakers lose economic urgency
As social media emotions go viral, anger spreads the fastest
As socialist dream crumbles, Venezuelans find Maduro a “copy” of Chavez
As the Christie story evolved, the Times should have noted a change
Ashley Judd meets with DSCC about Senate run
Asiana says it may sue over bogus pilot names report
Asians now largest immigrant group in southern California
Ask an FBI hostage negotiator: How can the parties end the shutdown?
Assad calls Obama’s bluff
Assad forces gaining ground in Syria
Assad hints: Sure, I’ll run again for president in 2014
Assad is fortunate in his enemies
Assad is grinding out a victory
Assad is taking advantage of the U.S.-Russia split over Ukraine, observers say
Assad is the least bad option in Syria
Assad may be losing control over his deadly militias
Assad must be punished
Assad must pay
Assad now has the enemy he wants
Assad rules out negotiations with pretty much everyone in opposition
Assad says West will pay for backing al Qaeda in Syria
Assad wants another term as president of Syria, of course
Assad warns “failure awaits” any U.S. military strike against Syria
Assad: The west is more confident in Al Qaeda than in me
Assad: U.S. threats didn’t influence our acceptance of Russia’s proposal on WMD
Assad’s chemical weapons disclosure falls short of U.S. count
Assad’s chemical charade
Assad’s forces retake key strategic town of Qusair
Assad’s low-tech WMD: Starvation
Assad’s newest tactic: Starvation
Assad’s spillover strategy
Assad’s war of starvation
Assange and Snowden heroes? No, just hypocrites
Assassination pushes Libya towards civil war two years after Gaddafi death
Assault weapons ban loses steam in the Senate
Associated Press praised Chavez after death but now grouses about Thatcher
Asteroid strike: How the doomsday scenario would play out
Asteroids remind us that we need a better space program
Asylum antics
At CPAC, few signs of support for Perry 2016
At CPAC, gay marriage on back burner
At Fed conference, everyone knows how to make an exit
At last, Republicans make their case to main street
At last, a Google Glass for the battlefield
At last, real conservative reform in Congress
At least 14 dead in suicide bombing as Russian Olympics approach
At least 21 journalists have gone to work for the Obama administration
At least 43 House conservatives want leadership to call Obama’s bluff on defunding ObamaCare
At least two people shot at Colorado high school
At long last, a messy divorce between Christie and MSNBC
At odds with Congress and the public: The misery of Obama’s second term
At the Obama White House: Transparency, transhmarency
At the last minute, Obama alone made the call to seek Congressional approval
Atheism is a religion too
Atheism starts its megachurch: Is it a religion now?
Atheism to be taught to Irish schoolchildren
Atheist group blames school for student reciting the Lord’s Prayer at graduation
Atheist group seeks to block Star of David on Holocaust memorial
Atheist students use federal law to pursue same rights as Christians for “secular safe zones”
Atheist “mega-churches” take root across U.S., world
Atheist “mega-churches” undermine what atheism’s supposed to be about
Atheists plan conservative outreach with booth at CPAC
Atheists start PAC to elect nonreligious candidates
Atheists sue IRS over preferential treatment for churches in being granted 501(c)(3) status
Atheists turn to science during times of stress
Atheists unveil monument next to Ten Commandments at Florida courthouse
Atheists versus the “new atheism”
Atheists win right to pass out materials at Florida high school
Atlanta’s snowy traffic nightmare is really a lesson on the awfulness of sprawl
Attacking Syria won’t do much to restore U.S. credibility at this point
Attention, Republican legislators: Let the Democrats vote first on Syria
Attitudes shift against Snowden: More than half now want him criminally charged
Audio: An assault weapons ban is “just the beginning,” says Biden
Audio: ObamaCare, Syria are “tied together by an arrogance of this administration,” says Ted Cruz
Audio: “My God, what’s he complaining about?”
August: Crunch time for immigration reform in the House
Austerity and Keynes can coexist
Austin and Raleigh: Americans are going where the money is
Australian police not too happy with 3-D printed guns
Australian scientists grow mini-kidney in lab
Australia’s Wikileaks Party in chaos after number two resigns over … lack of transparency
Avoiding health insurance gaps takes persistence
Aw: Hillary’s 2008 slaps still sting Obama
Aw: Jay Carney strikes more conciliatory tone with reporters
Axelrod: Let’s face it, Hillary will probably be the nominee in 2016
Axelrod: Weiner must go
Axelrod: White House should have released skeet-shooting photo earlier
Baby boomers ruined the government
Baby’s life saved after he receives new airway — printed on a 3-D printer
Bachmann: I’m not taking a 2016 run off the table
Back off the Pope, conservatives
Back-alley abortions never ended
Backing Egypt’s generals, U.S. ally Saudi Arabia promises financial support
Backlash: All health-care politics is personal
Bad blood: Harry Reid tells Senate Dems that Boehner’s a coward
Bad eating habits start in the womb
Bad news from Bill Maher: The Second Amendment is bullsh*t
Bad news from Matt Damon: “[Obama] broke up with me”
Bad news from McCain: Syrian rebels feel abandoned now
Bad news from Scarborough: GOP headed for extinction over gun control
Bad news, Democrats: Bad job approval ratings don’t bounce back for presidents in their second term
Bad news: America may be facing a clown shortage
Bad news: Bacon can harm a man’s fertility
Bad news: Bill Maher not a Reagan fan
Bad news: Crimea standoff putting Obama’s vacation plans in jeopardy
Bad news: D.C. politicos can’t unplug even when they’re on vacation
Bad news: Danish PM won’t post selfie of her with Obama and Cameron
Bad news: Dems gloomy over prospects for immigration reform
Bad news: Expert predicts males will become extinct within five million years
Bad news: Hedonistic robots could destroy humanity
Bad news: Hugo Chavez unlikely to be preserved “for eternity”
Bad news: Jim Carrey not happy that Fox News is goofing on him
Bad news: Jim Moran grumpy about having to work on a Saturday night
Bad news: Jimmy Carter comes out against marijuana legalization
Bad news: Liberals experiencing post-election letdown
Bad news: Life on earth to die out in one billion years
Bad news: Lindsey Graham frustrated
Bad news: Marital bliss ruins waistlines
Bad news: McCain “hurt” that the media doesn’t love him as much anymore
Bad news: Obama no a longer a “beacon” on civil liberties
Bad news: Obama/Christie bromance falling apart over Sandy aid rift
Bad news: Obama’s base vexed by the pace of his agenda
Bad news: Obama’s charm offensive with GOP might be over
Bad news: Peter King can never forgive Ted Cruz
Bad news: Sequester opponents losing hope
Bad news: Sex in space could be deadly
Bad news: Sex in space may not be safe
Bad news: Shopping can be a “loop of loneliness”
Bad news: Shutdown leaves lawmakers reusing their towels at House gym
Bad news: U.S. government work is losing its cachet for some
Bad news: Watching TV might be lowering your sperm count
Bad news: We have a surplus
Bad news: White House assistant chef furloughed
Bad news: You’re probably more racist and sexist than you think
Bad news: “I have profound disappointments in my country,” says Brian Williams
Bad traffic could be wrecking your mental health
Bags of heroin labeled “Obama Care” seized
Bailouts for cities?
Bait-and-switch liberalism: ObamaCare and the politics of deception
Bake us a cake, or else
Balance, bias, and Gosnell
Balanced budgets: A poll-tested winning Republican message
Balancing the federal budget in 10 years: More gimmick than good policy
Ban cigarettes and trans fats — but legalize marijuana?
Ban e-cigarettes? The anti-smoking lobby’s clueless crusade
Ban the Second Amendment
Banished for questioning the gospel of guns
Banks say no to marijuana money, legal or not
Banning large sodas is legal and smart
Barack Hussein Machiavelli
Barack Obama is proving an embarrassing amateur on the world stage
Barack Obama talks to us like we’re children
Barack Obama, inaction hero
Barack Obama, patron saint of the media
Barack Obama, the first woman president
Barack Obama: The loneliest man on the planet?
Barack Obama’s a bit of a class warrior, isn’t he?
Barack Obama’s messy breakup with insurers
Barack Obama’s national security state is now beyond democratic control
Barack Obama’s lawlessness
Barbara Boxer still lying about budget cuts crippling Benghazi security
Barbara Boxer to Bob Filner: “Step down immediately”
Barbara Bush relents a bit on 2016: ‘Maybe it’s ok’ if another Bush runs
Barbara Bush: No more political family dynasties
Barbarism in Philadelphia
Barilla’s chairman doesn’t like gay people — so what?
Barney Frank finally comes out as an atheist
Barney Frank: Let’s legalize heroin and cocaine
Barry’s war within
Bashar Assad: An intimate profile of a mass murderer
Bashing Bill Clinton over the Lewinsky affair makes the GOP look desperate and out of control
Bashing the liberal media will only hurt Christie’s chances in 2016
Battles loom in many states over what to do with budget surpluses
Battling cancer again, Tom Coburn may cut short his term
Be a saint, not a scrooge
Be afraid: The Democratic plan to take back the House
Be average, but do it often
Be careful about wishing someone a Happy Easter in Egypt
Be careful out there, young tweeters
Be thankful for … ObamaCare!
Be wary of the media’s new favorite Republican
Beat the tuition bloat
Before you conclude that “precision” bombing makes sense with Syria
Beginning of the end: Weiner’s campaign manager quits
Behind Mike Bloomberg’s ad blitz on background checks
Behind closed doors, senators look to prevent another Snowden
Behind closed doors: Obama met with tech leaders yesterday to discuss surveillance
Behind the bombings in Volgograd
Behind the curtain at the IPCC: Pay no attention to the bad climate data
Behind the curtain, more waving red flags for Obamacare
Behind the scenes of a dramatic debt vote
Behind the scenes, White House preoccupied by NSA surveillance controversy
Behind the scenes: Tension and flaws before Healthcare.gov’s launch
Behind the scenes: The ObamaCare website may be a bigger disaster than we know
Behind the scenes: The White House’s deliberation on war with Iran
Behind the scenes: The White House’s head-spinning reversal on Syria’s chemical weapons
Behind the scenes: The race to rescue Healthcare.gov
Behind the speech that launched Marco Rubio’s comeback
Behind the weird, embarrassing, slightly pathetic ObamaCare battle over twentysomethings
Beijing cautions new pope on meddling in China
Being Eric Holder: It’s hard to learn of your own poor judgment in the morning paper
Being a Christian carries a death sentence now
Being gay may be in the DNA, researchers say
Being the Jew in the box
Belgian senate approves euthanasia for terminally ill children
Belief in God doesn’t undermine evolution
Ben Carson apologizes to Johns Hopkins
Ben Carson hoping for TV career after he retires from surgery this year
Ben Carson on 2016: I like Rand, but I may run too
Ben Carson withdraws as Johns Hopkins commencement speaker
Ben Carson withdraws from another speaking gig over gay marriage comments
Ben Carson: The White House wanted a sneak peek at my National Prayer Breakfast speech
Ben Carson’s rapid rise — but long presidential odds
Bending the Trayvon Martin tragedy to fit
Benghazi and the smearing of Chris Stevens
Benghazi e-mails unleash a flood of new questions
Benghazi has become training hub for Islamist fighters
Benghazi haunting Obama effort to win support for Syria strike
Benghazi hearings in the Mirror Universe
Benghazi investigation: Mohammed movie did help inspire the attack
Benghazi is a 2016 proxy war
Benghazi is the only scandal that matters
Benghazi police bombed for second time in three days
Benghazi report details security flaws at U.S. diplomatic posts
Benghazi survivors given NDAs to sign at CIA memorial service for Woods, Doherty
Benghazi truths vs. Washington politics
Benghazi victim’s mother wishes Hillary Clinton Happy Mother’s Day
Benghazi whistle-blower a Democrat, voted for Hillary and Obama twice
Benghazi whistleblower attorney: I have more people who want to testify
Benghazi whistleblower: I was smeared by a phony memo I didn’t write
Benghazi witness points finger at Clinton on lapses in consulate security
Benghazi witnesses grilled in secret on Capitol Hill
Benghazi, ObamaCare, and the absence of accountability
Benghazi: Do as I say, or as I do?
Benghazi: Incompetence and malfeasance
Benghazi: Is the alleged CIA scandal real?
Benghazi: So, what about that Mohammed video?
Benghazi: The 10 p.m. phone call
Benghazi: What did the president know and when did he know it?
Beretta, Colt, and Magpul — come to Maine!
Bernard Goldberg on “Duck Dynasty”: Sometimes conservatives just reflexively defend ignorance
Bernard Henri-Levy, champion of revolution, barred from Libya for being Jewish
Best hope for climate-change activists: Jeb Bush?
Best obit ever?
Better beer goggles through neuroscience?
Better late than never: U.S. taking next steps to fix security flaws at embassies
Better news for ObamaCare won’t save Obama’s presidency
Between Russia and China, a demographic time bomb
Between pigs and anchovies: Where humans rank on the food chain
Beware Persian leaders with masks
Beware Russia’s power play in Ukraine
Beware an unchecked president
Beware of Tuesday’s victory, Republicans
Beware of cultuphobia or something
Beware of giving Russia a role in Iranian nuke negotiations
Beware of the new elites
Beware the left-wing-funded “Main Street” Republicans
Beyond Tomahawks: Defeating Syria from the air
Beyond affirmative action
Beyond his Moscow airport limbo, indignities await Edward Snowden
Beyond the glitches: Will young and healthy Americans buy ObamaCare?
Beyond the website: ObamaCare’s problems are just beginning
Beyond the fence
Biden apologizes: “We were under the impression it was ready to go”
Biden asks Ecuadorean president to reject Snowden’s asylum request
Biden calls House GOP “neanderthals”
Biden looks like a longshot in 2016, huh?
Biden may take on expanded foreign-policy role for some reason
Biden not getting the joke about 2016
Biden phones wrong man in trying to congratulate new mayor of Boston, of course
Biden preparing new gun-control push; hasn’t told Obama yet
Biden tells China: The U.S. does not recognize your new air zone
Biden to Democrats: Don’t apologize in 2014
Biden tries to sign Canadian woman up for ObamaCare
Biden warns Dems: I don’t trust these Ted Cruz and Rand Paul characters
Biden wonders: Should I forfeit some of my pay over the sequester or not?
Biden won’t be giving back part of his pay
Biden “dead meat” in Iowa in 2016, governor says
Biden, hinting at 2016, to speak at Iowa event
Biden: I can die happy without ever being president
Biden: I’ve never found women in the work force to be “kinder and gentler”
Biden: Kerry’s already one of the best Secretaries of State ever
Biden: McCain probably would have beaten Obama if not for the financial crisis
Biden: No one has done more for Israel’s security than Obama
Biden: We’re gonna keep pushing for that gun ban that can’t get 40 votes, or something
Biden: “I kind of like the notion of co-presidents”
Biden: “We don’t know” if Detroit can be helped
Biden: “We may not get to 7 million” enrollees by ObamaCare deadline
Biden: “We will prevail” on background checks
Biden’s 2016 challenge: Winning as an underdog
Biden’s uphill road to 2016
Big Brother and Silicon Valley
Big Brother isn’t watching you
Big Brother really is watching us
Big Marijuana lobby fights legalization efforts
Big baby boom: Supersize deliveries have doctors worried
Big business takes on the tea party — gently
Big government is imploding, and not just with ObamaCare
Big insurers avoid many state health exchanges
Big labor’s Big Mac attack
Big new glitch: Insurers getting faulty data from ObamaCare exchange on people who’ve signed up
Big politically correct brother
Big surge in e-book sales for … “Mein Kampf”?
Big tech shelled out for Gang of Eight’s immigration push
Big transparency for the NSA
Big-name Republican donors warn GOP: It’s time for immigration reform
Biggest challenge for new mayor of NYC is climate change or something
Bill Ayers uninvited to Madison meet-and-greet because nobody cares
Bill Ayers: Obama is like an “imperial leader”
Bill Ayers’s forthcoming memoir is self-serving and self-pitying
Bill Clinton splits with Obama on Syria
Bill Clinton: I sure do hope we see a woman president soon
Bill Clinton: In the long run, Chelsea would make a better president than Hillary
Bill Clinton: The damage to Democrats over ObamaCare rollout failure will be “minimal”
Bill Clinton: There’s no ‘big, conspiratorial federal government’ push for gun confiscation
Bill Clinton: “Republicans have a much more reliable media base”
Bill Clinton’s voter ID fallacy
Bill Gates offers $100,000 grant for improved condoms
Bill Kristol: It’s time for Rubio to walk away from the Gang of Eight bill
Bill Kristol: No way is the GOP going to nominate a “Ron Paul neo-isolationist”
Bill Kristol: Palin could rehabilitate herself by winning Alaska’s Senate seat in 2014
Bill Maher and panel unload on ObamaCare rollout: “Big f***-up for liberals”
Bill Maher on drone strikes: “You know, some people do need killing”
Bill Maher to Debbie Wasserman-Schultz: Let’s face it, Obama lied
Bill Maher wants his show to decide a House race or something
Bill Maher: Bloomberg’s soda ban makes me want to marry Ann Coulter and join the tea party
Bill Maher: Hey, maybe the pope’s an atheist like Obama
Bill Maher: How about just one, six-year presidential term?
Bill Maher: Pot legalization is the next civil rights movement
Bill Maher: There’s something suspicious about right-wing support of Israel
Bill Maher: These libertarians have gone nuts
Bill Maher’s plan to defeat one lousy congressman is good for (almost) everyone
Bill O’Reilly: Lincoln wouldn’t have done an interview with Zach Galifianakis
Bill Richardson: I don’t think Ted Cruz should be defined as Hispanic
Bill Young’s widow to Charlie Crist: Stay away from memorial service
Bill allowing businesses to turn away gays reaches Jan Brewer
Bill de Blasio surging ahead in NYC mayoral race
Bin Laden’s son-in-law pleads not guilty
Binge-watching is lame and lonely
Binge-watching: The most fiendish “House of Cards” plot of all
Bipartisan House immigration group reports “incredible progress”
Bipartisan Senate group to meet with Obama Tuesday about immigration
Bipartisan abdication: How Congress is making itself irrelevant
Bipartisan backlash grows against domestic surveillance
Bipartisan support boosts gay rights legislation in the Senate
Birds’ movements prove that climate change is happening
Birth control for free with Obamacare? Most women didn’t know
Birth tourism: Chinese women flock to the U.S. to have babies
Bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox near collapse?
Bitcoin isn’t real money
Bitcoin versus Ben Bernanke
Bitcoin: Boom or bubble?
Black lawmakers lament the flaring of racial tensions under Obama
Black pols stymied in Obama era
Black supremacist finally out at DHS
Blame the rich and overeducated elite as our society frays
Blaming Huma
Blarney: The faux outrage over Obama’s comments about religious schools in Ireland
Blockbuster, 1985-2013
Blocking the nomination of Debo Adegbile is a travesty
Blogger’s incarceration raises First Amendment questions
Bloomberg Super PAC spending big against pro-gun Dem House candidate
Bloomberg asks wealthy NY liberals to stop donating to Dems who voted against background checks
Bloomberg guns group targets Mark Pryor
Bloomberg on new gun laws: “The time is coming”
Bloomberg taking heat for daring to suggest that teen pregnancy is a bad idea
Bloomberg the kingmaker: “Never has so much been spent to accomplish so little”
Bloomberg: Military drones over New York are “scary” but inevitable
Bloomberg: The interpretation of the Constitution will “have to change” after Boston bombing
Bloomberg backlash
Bloomberg’s anti-NRA message — and money — could sway Chicago House race
Bloomberg’s deputies defend hosting anti-gun group’s website on government servers
Bloomberg’s gamble: Risking the Democratic Senate majority for gun control
Bloomberg’s group mulls whether to go all-in against Mark Pryor over gun votes
Bloomberg’s group to give lawmakers letter grades on gun control
Bloomberg’s new crusade: Raise the smoking age to 21
Blue civil war: The battle for California
Bob Corker: Senate shutdown negotiations are now about the sequester, not ObamaCare
Bob Costas on Sunday Night Football: Let’s face it, “Redskins” is “an insult, a slur”
Bob Costas on the word warpath
Bob Dole certainly is wise in dumping on Republicans
Bob Dole: I doubt Reagan or I could make it in today’s GOP
Bob Dole’s delinquent children
Bob Dylan investigated in France for “racist” comments
Bob Filner charged with felony false imprisonment, battery
Bob Filner now facing a recall campaign
Bob Filner to begin two weeks of “intensive therapy” today or something
Bob Goodlatte’s slow burn on immigration
Bob Kraft: Putin stole my Super Bowl ring
Bob McDonnell and the perils of being famous but not rich
Bob McDonnell’s stunning fall from grace
Bob Menendez asked the DOJ to delay a merger opposed by a donor
Bob Menendez plays race card, blames conservatives for scandals
Bob Menendez: It was “painful” to vote for the “border surge” amendment
Bob Woodward: Democrats have called the WH asking whether Hagel will withdraw
Bobby Jindal and Rand Paul camps start the 2016 sparring
Bobby Jindal: IRS officials deserve prison time
Bobby Jindal: It’s a messed-up situation when Miley Cyrus gets a laugh and Phil Robertson gets suspended
Bobby Jindal’s numbers fading in Louisiana?
Boehner and McConnell are mopping the floor with Obama
Boehner begins to sketch plan for moving immigration through the House
Boehner blames GOP for government shutdown on Leno: “It was a very predictable disaster”
Boehner considers breaking House immigration bill into pieces
Boehner predicts a “whale of a fight” over raising the debt ceiling
Boehner proposes linking debt-limit hike to restoration of recent cuts to military benefits
Boehner reasserting control over GOP caucus after rocky January
Boehner said to back change on immigration
Boehner should enter into a “dramatic bipartisan alliance” to pass immigration reform
Boehner signals House won’t fight ObamaCare with short-term CR — but maybe with debt ceiling
Boehner throws cold water on Obama’s sequester plan
Boehner to House Republicans: There is no agreement with the White House (yet)
Boehner to Obama after shutdown began: “I got overrun”
Boehner to White House: Consult Congress before any Syria action
Boehner turns down request to meet with Russian delegation on Syria
Boehner weighs his options
Boehner won’t rush an immigration overhaul through the House
Boehner, Cantor left in the dark on Obama’s decision to delay Syria vote
Boehner, undeterred by opposition, moves forward on immigration
Boehner/Reid relationship unravels over ObamaCare benefits fight
Boehner: I won’t make practice of passing bills without GOP support
Boehner: It’s “inconceivable” that Obama didn’t know about the IRS scandal sooner
Boehner: We need strong border security in place before we begin legalizing immigrants
Boehner: We’ll consider any gun-control measures that pass the Senate
Boehner: “It is time for us to stand and fight”
Boehner’s Bulworth moment
Boehner’s big choice
Boehner’s crocodile tears for amnesty
Boehner’s election-year immigration strategy: A trial balloon on amnesty
Boehner’s immigration cojones
Boehner’s new budget strategy: The best negotiations are no negotiations
Boehner’s new strategy: The Senate goes first
Boehner’s premiums spike under ObamaCare
Bogeyman, found: MSNBC finds their savior in Ted Cruz
Boldly going where no greens have gone before
Bolling: Rutgers coach’s firing is evidence of the “wussification of American men”
Bolton 2016: Is there an opening for a hawk in the GOP primaries?
Bolton 2016?
Bomb North Korea before it’s too late
Bombers seemed set for more attacks beyond Boston
Bombing the Syrian reactor: The untold story
Bombs away on ObamaCare: Cruz is over the target
Book details Obama aides’ talks about replacing Biden on 2012 ticket
Book: Obama has “no patience” for “professional blacks” in Congressional Black Caucus
Booker: Senate-seat rival’s remarks were “callous” and “bigoted”
Boom in pot vaporizers lets yuppies secretly get stoned in public
Boomers push doctor-assisted dying in end-of-life revolt
Border Patrol chief: I’ll never “feel comfortable” telling Congress the border is secure
Border security in exchange for immigration reform? Napolitano says no deal
Border triggers could sink immigration deal
Bored with Hillary Clinton, looking to Elizabeth Warren
Born poor? You want to live where the middle class is
Boston aftermath: No “bipartisan moment”?
Boston and immigration reform: Yes, it’s relevant; Update: Headline corrected
Boston and the left
Boston and the un-Bush
Boston bomber talked jihad in Russia
Boston bombers didn’t have handgun licenses
Boston bomber’s mother looking to send the body back to Russia
Boston bombing likely to postpone unveiling of immigration bill
Boston bombing suspect visited a radical mosque in Dagestan
Boston bombings create three new stress points for Obama
Boston bombings: The mix-up at the hospital
Boston lockdown: The new normal?
Boston suspect tells officials his older brother was the driving force behind the attack
Boston’s unanswered questions
Botching immigration, again
Both parties should want to raise the debt ceiling permanently
Both the Left and Right are confused about what Hagel really means
Boy Scouts delay decision on gay members until May
Boy Scouts open ranks to gays on January 1st
Boy Scouts resolution to lift ban on gay members passes with more than 60% of vote
Boy Scouts survey: 61% support current policy of excluding gays
Boy Scouts to hold a vote on permitting gay youths
Boy Scouts to partially drop ban on gay members
Boy Scouts toss two men who knocked over ancient Utah rock
Boy Scouts would be better with girls
Boy trouble: Why the breakdown of the family disproportinately harms young males
Boycotting the Israel boycotters
Boycotting the NFL over brain injuries won’t achieve anything
Brace yourself for Hillary and Jeb
Brace yourselves: Sequester impact on employment may have been overstated
Brad Paisley and Rand Paul: Conversation-starters about race
Brad Pitt and “World War Z” jump the zombie shark
Bradley Manning admits to providing military files to WikiLeaks
Bradley Manning explains gender change
Bradley Manning got off too easily
Bradley Manning is not a woman
Bradley Manning: Hey, I’m sorry
Brain scans reveal which “vegetative” patients are alert, trapped in bodies
Brave new stereotypes
Brazil says it is not considering giving Snowden asylum
Break up the big banks
Breaking news from WaPo: Some men learn to shoot guns as boys
Breaking the grip of the unions
Breaking up with Healthcare.gov is hard to do
Breaking: Audit found NSA broke privacy rules thousands of times per year
Breaking: Boeing 777 crashes during landing in San Francisco
Breaking: DOJ seized records for at least five phone numbers connected to Fox News in Rosen case
Breaking: Economy added 162,000 jobs in July, fewer than expected
Breaking: FCC abandons media study
Breaking: G-8 countries suspend preparations for Sochi summit to protest Russian actions in Ukraine
Breaking: Gosnell jury hung on two counts out of 250+
Breaking: Heavy explosions rock Damascus; regime blames Israel
Breaking: Henry Waxman to retire after 20 terms in the House
Breaking: Jan Brewer vetoes Arizona religious freedom bill
Breaking: John Dingell to retire after 58 years in Congress
Breaking: Lawrence Summers withdraws from consideration for Fed chairman
Breaking: Many in the middle class frustrated by ObamaCare
Breaking: Michele Bachmann to retire from House after this term
Breaking: Montana Democrat Max Baucus to retire
Breaking: Morsi reportedly under house arrest
Breaking: New pope chosen
Breaking: Nidal Hasan guilty on all counts
Breaking: Nuke test in North Korea?
Breaking: ObamaCare employer mandate to be delayed until 2015
Breaking: Paul Ryan, Patty Murray to announce short-term budget deal
Breaking: Putin says Snowden is in “transit zone” of Moscow airport, Russian will not extradite
Breaking: Republican defeats Democrat in House special election in FL-13
Breaking: Rick Perry won’t run for reelection as governor in 2014
Breaking: Sen. Frank Lautenberg dies at 89
Breaking: Senate defeats nomination of Debo Adegbile to head DOJ’s civil rights division
Breaking: Snowden requests asylum in Ecuador
Breaking: Sources challenge White House claim of all-hands-on-deck pursuit of Benghazi suspects
Breaking: State Department raises no major environmental concerns about Keystone pipeline in new report
Breaking: U.S. to charge Snowden with espionage
Breaking: U.S. to halt foreign aid to Egypt
Breaking: Ukrainian parliament votes to dismiss Yanukovych, sets new elections for May
Breakthrough in Senate immigration talks; announcement set for today
Breakthrough study shows that small children don’t like sharing
Breakthrough: In medical first, doctors cure baby born with AIDS
Breastfed babies achieve higher social status
Brennan takes oath on draft Constitution—without Bill of Rights
Brennan’s first challenge at the CIA: Confronting the legacy of enhanced interrogation
Brian Williams: Rubio’s water sip just might live on forever
Bridgegate? Chris Christie’s national ambitions could be hurt by new controversy
Bridgemageddon and the lost art of taking our time
Bring Keith Olbermann back to ESPN
Bring back Ken Starr
Bring them in
Brit Hume: Old-fashioned tough guys like Christie have trouble in today’s feminized culture
Britain alerts airlines: Don’t let Snowden board any flights to the UK
Britain defends detention of Greenwald’s partner
Britain gives America a preview of ObamaCare
Britain must be ready to leave the EU if it doesn’t get what it wants
Britain puts Mormonism on trial
Britain reconsiders cigarette regulation
Britain set Syria ablaze, now we’re hurling in explosives
Britain targets Guardian newspaper over intelligence leaks related to Edward Snowden
Britain to target radical Muslim preachers after soldier’s killing
Britain’s idiotic “opt-in” porn ban
British MP: I don’t think of Margaret Thatcher as a woman
British PM’s ally: Our conservative base is a bunch of “swivel-eyed loons”
British bank blocking some customers from making large withdrawals without “evidence” of spending need
British bishop: Ceremonial funeral for Thatcher is “asking for trouble”
British cardinal accused of “inappropriate acts” by four priests
British child psychologists to see people up to age 25 as “adolescents”
British conservatives split over gay marriage
British defense sources: Chemical-weapons use in Syria confirmed
British deputy PM: We were wrong to back amnesty for illegal immigrants
British general: We should have talked to the Taliban a decade ago
British health chief: Rise of antibiotic-resistant superbugs could set medicine back 200 years
British intel chief: Snowden’s leaks are a gift to terrorists
British intel tapping fibre-optic cables for secret access to world’s communications
British leftists celebrate Thatcher’s death with parties
British paper: U.S. is secretly funding rebels in Syria who are fighting Al Qaeda
British parliamentary committee: Meat should no longer be a staple at dinner
British pensions secretary: Wealthy elderly should hand back benefits
British police: UK foils an attack like the London bombings once a year on average
British social workers take children from families who overfeed them
British soldier with a handgun may have saved 100 lives during Kenyan mall attack
British students ban “Blurred Lines” from their own universities
British survey: Modern life “turning people off sex”
British troops in London told not to wear uniforms in aftermath of yesterday’s attack
Broadcasters worried about “Zero TV” homes
Brutality of Syrian rebels poses dilemma for the west
Bucket lists gone bad: When senior thrills become life threatening
Bucking the trend: The House Democrats who oppose gay marriage
Budget hawks question Pentagon’s sequester doomsday scenarios
Budget peace breaks out after tough Boehner talk
Buffering out the right to hear the case against abortion
Building a $325,000 in-vitro burger
Building the Keystone pipeline is a no-brainer
Building the Rubio brand
Bullet-dodging: Sometimes it pays to be excluded from the fun
Bumbling our way into a retreat
Bummer: Shorter workday actually isn’t the key to happiness, says study
Buried in immigration bill: A biometric database of all adult Americans
Bush and Obama are going down, or up, in history together
Bush came through on Katrina
Bush found the solution to America’s healthcare crisis seven years ago. Too bad nobody listened.
Bush library’s new exhibit for Americans: What would you have done?
Bush on gay marriage: Don’t be overly critical of others until you’ve examined your own heart
Bush-era Republicans not happy with new RNC resolution slamming NSA surveillance
Bush: Democracy will take hold in Egypt
Bush’s costly Medicare legacy
Bush’s nephew courts Hispanics in Texas
Business groups stand by Boehner, plot against tea party
Business lobby seeks a more “governable” GOP
Business lobby stunned as Obama moves to hike overtime pay
Business, labor nearing agreement on guest-worker program
Business/labor dispute over guest-worker program keeps immigration talks bogged down
Busting parents won’t stop cyberbullies, experts say
But what if ObamaCare works?
By cracking cellphone code, NSA has capacity for decoding private conversations
By discouraging work, ObamaCare is making U.S. fiscal problems worse
By flouting immigration law, Obama endangers children and enriches smugglers
By relying on Iran, Syria’s Assad risks irrelevance
By the numbers: The changing popularity of porn
By the time your car goes driverless, you won’t know the difference
Bye-bye, privacy: The other problem with Healthcare.gov
CA insurance commissioner: More than one million Californians are having their insurance cancelled
CBO projects $845 billion budget deficit for 2013
CBO report settles budget debate in conservatives’ favor
CBO says government finances will be in dire straits by 2038
CBO: Gang of Eight bill fails to stop 75 percent of illegal immigration
CBO: Gang of Eight bill will reduce federal deficit by $200 billion in first decade
CBO: Interest on debt snowballing
CBO: ObamaCare costs double to $1.8 trillion in first decade
CBO’s ObamaCare figures just don’t work for Dems
CBO’s verdict: Corker/Hoeven accomplishes little
CBS anchor: “We are getting big stories wrong, over and over again”
CDC launches second round of graphic anti-smoking ads
CDC says “nightmare bacteria” a growing threat
CDC: 80% of Americans don’t exercise enough
CDC: Total U.S. STD infections in 2008 exceeded 100 million
CERN: We have “strong” evidence that we’ve found the Higgs boson
CIA Benghazi team clash led to “stand down” report
CIA begins sizing up jihadis in Syria for drone strikes
CIA chief: Obama can “ask me to stay or go”
CIA collecting data on global financial transactions too, of course
CIA delivers cash to Karzai’s office, gets little in return
CIA employee who refused to sign nondisclosure agreement on Benghazi suspended
CIA finds one in five flagged job applicants come from Hamas, Hezbollah, al Qaeda
CIA now sees Syria as top threat to U.S. national security
CIA officials find elements of Snowden’s story odd
CIA papers show Panetta spilled bin Laden secrets to “Zero Dark Thirty” scriptwriter
CIA warning on Snowden in 2009 said slipped through the cracks
CMS claims December enrollment surge, leaves key questions unanswered
CNN becomes the Piers Morgan channel
CNN couldn’t send reporter to Gosnell trial because of “small staff”?
CNN is moving away from news. That’s terrific.
CNN mocks Million Vet March as tea-party crazies
CNN poll: Opposition to gun control up 23% since January
CNN, NBC to move forward on Hillary projects
CNN: Obama’s been on the phone more with Iran than the speaker of the House
CNN’s coverage of the new pope was so bad
CNN’s “Piers Morgan” ending in three weeks
CPAC embarrassed itself with its Trump invite
CPAC is emblematic of why conservatives lost the health care debate
CPAC, the border guard
CPAC’s big gay headache
CPAC’s big winners — and losers
CPAC’s empty chairs
CVS to stop selling cigarettes, tobacco products
CVS’s tobacco ban is just the start. Next: Soda.
Cable news is a lot more hawkish than the public on Syria
Cairo military firmly hooked to U.S. lifeline
California Democrats: Gun ownership should require violence liability insurance
California ObamaCare exchange extends payment deadline — again
California ObamaCare exchange gave consumers’ contact info to insurance agents
California Republicans fight extinction — by turning to immigration
California Supreme Court denies bar admission to Stephen Glass
California Supreme Court: Illegal immigrants can be admitted to the state bar
California electric-car maker files for bankruptcy after selling 100 cars
California firefighters battling to protect Yosemite
California governor signs bill to allow children more than two legal parents
California high-speed rail estimates “astounding”
California is becoming a feudal society
California partition: Not as crazy as it sounds
California store selling “smart guns” sparks a furious backlash
California teen invents device that can charge a cell phone in 20 seconds
California to confiscate guns held illegally in firearms crackdown
California, Florida, and Texas: The swing states of ObamaCare
California, land of inequality
California: The new feudalism
California’s high-speed train caught in a political storm
California’s new problem: A budget surplus
Call Karzai’s bluff
Call North Korea’s bluff
Call Obama’s sequester bluff
Call me Vlad
Calls for Redskins to change name grow louder
Calm down, Bob Woodward: White House flacks threaten journalists all the time
Calvin Coolidge, commander in brief
Calvin Coolidge, the forgotten man
Cameras in your cable box?
Cameron backs down on urgent Syria strikes
Camille Paglia: A feminist defense of masculine virtues
Campaign idea for Republicans: A three-year moratorium on ObamaCare
Can $12 billion buy Egypt a new economy?
Can America rediscover its Jeffersonian foreign policy?
Can Apple read your iMessages? Yes, if they had to, say experts
Can Austin, Texas, become the Dubai of the U.S.?
Can Big Data solve the mystery of suicide?
Can Christie avoid Giuiani’s errors in 2008?
Can Christie still be the GOP’s rainmaker with donors?
Can Christie tackle the partisan divide?
Can Cory Booker take criticism?
Can Democrats make 2014 about the minimum wage?
Can Democrats recover from the ObamaCare catastrophe?
Can Democrats still win with a women-centered strategy?
Can Democrats stop the GOP’s gun-control filibuster?
Can Egypt pull together?
Can Europe end the death penalty in America?
Can Facebook predict suicide risks?
Can Francis bring the Church back from the dead?
Can Harvard stop awarding so many As?
Can Hillary Clinton bring white men back to the Democratic Party?
Can Iraq survive?
Can Kim use his nukes and get away with it?
Can Matt Bevin beat Mitch McConnell?
Can Menendez survive?
Can Mike Lee save the tea party?
Can Muslim lands learn to tolerate Christianity?
Can North Korea save the South?
Can Obama and Boehner get along?
Can Obama regain his lost leverage on spending?
Can Obama write his own laws?
Can ObamaCare avoid a consumer rebellion?
Can Obama recover?
Can Obama’s executive end runs around Congress be stopped?
Can Rahm Emanuel control Chicago?
Can Rand Paul bring libertarians into the GOP?
Can Rand Paul bring the tea party along on immigration reform?
Can Rand Paul make libertarianism mainstream?
Can Rand Paul make the GOP’s tent bigger?
Can Rand Paul win Republican women?
Can Republicans become the party of the people?
Can Republicans win the Senate in 2014?
Can Rubio live up to the hype?
Can Rubio recover?
Can Rubio’s knowledge of hip hop pay dividends?
Can Snowden cite human rights and still applaud Putin?
Can Snowden leak his way into asylum in China?
Can Ted Cruz resist picking losing fights with his own party?
Can Tylenol cure dread?
Can Ukraine avoid partition?
Can Ukraine’s revolutionaries be democrats?
Can Washington govern?
Can Wendy Davis have it all?
Can a baby ever be too fat?
Can a blind person be racist?
Can a committed social conservative like Huckabee win the presidency?
Can an amnesty bill pass if it becomes Congress’s top priority?
Can anything be done about Internet trolls?
Can anything solve income inequality?
Can environmentalists actually think?
Can gay marriage survive a SCOTUS loss?
Can great literature really change your life?
Can libertarian populism save the Republican Party?
Can libraries survive?
Can lunches and dinners break the corrosive fiscal-cliff cycle?
Can public shaming be good criminal punishment?
Can robots better spot terrorists at airports?
Can robots manage your money better than you?
Can social media disarm Syria’s chemical arsenal?
Can software that predicts crime pass constitutional muster?
Can states commit suicide?
Can talk radio derail immigration reform again? Probably not.
Can the GOP learn to live with libertarianism?
Can the GOP recover from Iraq?
Can the GOP return to its realist roots on foreign policy?
Can the Gang of Eight keep it together?
Can the NSA intercept Snowden’s communications?
Can the NSA know what it’s actually doing?
Can the U.S. separate the good guys from the jihadists in Syria?
Can the left find a way to speak for God and “own” morality?
Can the libertarian Republican and non-libertarian Republican be friends?
Can the right displace the establishment media?
Can these conservatives ever compromise?
Can this waffle save America?
Can we afford not to eat bugs?
Can we at least agree on priorities and goals?
Can we fix the weather?
Can we in the media avoid a rush to judgment about ObamaCare’s problems?
Can we respond to problems like global warming where there’s “no simple villain”?
Can we start talking about the libertarian era already?
Can we talk about mental health now?
Can we trust Paul Ryan on immigration reform?
Can women have it all by choosing to stay home?
Can you be addicted to carbs?
Can you be too ethical?
Can you dissuade fanatical jihadis using theological argument?
Can you fire someone for being too attractive?, revisited
Can you hear “the hum”?
Can you imagine the Gosnell coverage if he’d killed dogs?
Can you really O.D. on pot?
Can you reset a presidency?
Can your child be too religious?
Canada pulls ambassador from Russia, tells Moscow to withdraw from Crimea
Canada’s government must reach out to the undead
Canceled in California: People eye health coverage off the exchange
Canceled insurance? More letters on the way
Canceling the Putin summit was a mistake
Cancellation of tours is the only cut in White House’s budget post-sequester
Cancellations are coming for millions more
Candy Crowley: “Do we really care that Russia got the diplomatic edge?”
Cantor looking to rehab the GOP brand with new legislation
Cantor warned of GOP “civil war” in a closed-door meeting
Cantor won’t commit to House vote on path to legalization
Cantor: Initial efforts on immigration reform should focus on children
Cantor: Time to broaden our agenda, guys
Capable armed forces: Egypt’s one chance for democracy
Capitol Hill SWAT team still waiting for answers on why they were stood down during Navy Yard shooting
Capitol Hill’s ObamaCare crisis, solved
Capitol staff get assurance that sequestration won’t affect their paychecks
Capt. William Swenson receives the Medal of Honor
Carbon dioxide level passes long-feared milestone
Cardinal Dolan: The Church’s nature means it’ll have to be “out of touch” sometimes
Carjacking victim speaks: How I escaped from the Tsarnaevs
Carney confirms: Obama was briefed earlier in the year on ObamaCare website problems
Carney: We have “no knowledge” of any DOJ attempts to seek AP phone records
Carney: “A strong conservative case to be made for passing comprehensive immigration reform”
Carney: “I was proud of my president” on the Redskins issue
Caroline Kennedy is America’s new diplomatic star or something
Caroline Kennedy named ambassador to Japan for some reason
Caroline Kennedy ready to carry the torch or something
Caroline Kennedy to be named ambassador to Japan for some reason
Carter-esque: Obama’s crisis of confidence
Carville: Let’s face it, people are freaking out about Syria because of Bush’s Iraq incompetence
Cash for kidneys: The case for a market for organs
Catholic Gonzaga University won’t allow Catholic students to form Catholic group
Caught in the middle: Christians suffer amid Syria’s civil war
Celebrate gay marriage — or else
Celebrate while you can: The Windsors will be history soon
Celebrating liberty as it slips away
Celebrity reaction to Zimmerman verdict precisely what you’d expect
Celebrity hypocrites
Cell-phone data spying: It’s not just the federal government
Census: 49% of Americans get government benefits
Census: One in three U.S. counties are dying
Chad Henderson claimed he donated $1,000 to Obama’s reelection
Chafee: I switched parties because moderates were “taken out” of the GOP
Challengers to Sen. Lindsay Graham are lining up
Chamber of Commerce survey: Two-thirds of small businesses aren’t ready for ObamaCare
Change is ObamaCare’s only certainty
Change you can believe in? Obama’s bundlers get plum posts
Change: A different Barack Obama post-election
Change? Another U.S. drone strike kills seven in Yemen
Changing the filibuster shows Democrats think they’re destined to lose next year
Charles Krauthammer’s minimum wage proposal is a terrible idea
Charlie Crist: God bless Obama for ObamaCare
Charlie Crist: I want the Cuba embargo “taken away”
Charlie Crist’s latest flip-flop: Gay marriage
Charlie Crist’s message to Democrats: I’m just like Barack Obama
Charlie Crist’s new path to the U.S. Senate
Charlie Rangel using Syria to call for reinstating the draft — again
Charlie Rangel: “Saying you’re sorry doesn’t help me worth a damn at the polls”
Chart: Barack Obama’s monster online advertising campaign
Charter schooling? Why not charter housing?
Chasing jihadists in Mali with the French
Chastened GOP tries to foil tea-party insurgents at primary level
Chavez’s legacy taking on religious overtones in Venezuela
Cheap money can’t buy a strong economy
Cheating on your spouse just might save your marriage or something
Chechen fighters fear backlash after Boston bombings
Chechen opposition leader: The Boston bombings are a gift to Putin
Check the receipts: U.S.-funded supplies not always going to “moderate” rebels in Syria
Checklist: Almost nothing about ObamaCare’s federal exchange system works
Cheer up, righties: We’re all victims now
Chemical weapons a game-changer on U.S. public opinion on Syria
Cheney backs Obama policy on drone strikes
Cheney vs. Paul
Cheney: Let’s face it, Obama’s national security team is second-rate
Cheney’s revenge
Chicago isn’t Detroit — but Illinois is
Chicago justice: Clerk beats gun-toting robber with baseball bat
Chicago, Los Angeles, and NYC prosecuted the fewest federal gun crimes in 2012
Chicago’s new war on guns: Letters
Chief Justice Roberts plays a long game
Childlessness is a political, as well as deeply personal, issue
Children and guns: The hidden toll
Children of a not so lesser god
Children sap your will to live — but it’s totally worth it!
Chill out about China
Chilladelphia
China and Russia bring back Cold War tactics
China asks North Korea to ensure safety of its nationals
China backs U.S. sanctions, reduces banking lifeline to North Korea
China calls for world to be “de-Americanized”
China declares victory in scrubbing the Internet
China draws “red line” on North Korea, says won’t allow war on peninsula
China eases one-child policy, ends re-education through labor camps
China engaged in “modest” military build-up near North Korea border, just in case
China getting pretty tired of North Korea’s crap
China has its own debt bomb on the way
China has less leverage over North Korea than you think
China killed your dog. Are you next?
China may not overtake America this century after all
China moves mobile missiles near coast amid tensions with Japan over islands
China preparing for first long-distance aircraft carrier mission
China stepping up drone deployment
China to ease one-child policy
China to get its own exclusive version of “Iron Man 3″
China: Masters of the cyber-universe
China: The e-wastebasket of the world
China’s always going to be number two
China’s coming one-child crisis
China’s got a fee-vah and the only prescription is more hacking
China’s holding of U.S. treasuries hits new high
China’s internet vigilantes and the “human flesh search engine”
China’s not a superpower
China’s risky flirtation with military adventurism
Chinese army colonel says avian flu is a secret American plot against China
Chinese hackers resume attacks on U.S. targets
Chinese hackers steal blueprints to Australia’s new, er, spy center
Chinese hackers: Barbarians at the digital gate
Chinese hackers’ new target: U.S. drone technology
Chinese reformers to government: How about living up to our constitution?
Chinese social-media users marvel at American free speech after Boston bombing
Chinese vice-premier: Our relations with the U.S. are like a marriage, but not a gay one or anything
Choice of health plans to vary sharply from state to state
Chris Christie and the fat man’s lament
Chris Christie and the runaway high-speed presidential train
Chris Christie and the thin line between brash and bully
Chris Christie attacks NY Times, David Wildstein
Chris Christie avoids hard truths at CPAC
Chris Christie gets plum seat next to FLOTUS at big White House dinner for governors
Chris Christie is America’s most credible official
Chris Christie is a man for all factions
Chris Christie is an amateur
Chris Christie is no presidential contender
Chris Christie is showing conservatives how to win
Chris Christie is still pretty popular
Chris Christie is the big winner of the government shutdown
Chris Christie is the new Jon Huntsman
Chris Christie is wrong about libertarianism and national security
Chris Christie just took a big risk on immigration
Chris Christie rejects White House dinner invitation
Chris Christie steamroller hits home-state hurdles
Chris Christie struggles to deal with turmoil
Chris Christie to sign bill banning “conversion therapy” for gays
Chris Christie to speak at CPAC
Chris Christie vetoes .50-caliber rifle ban
Chris Christie withdraws appeal of state supreme court ruling authorizing gay marriage
Chris Christie, America’s most overrated governor
Chris Christie, a Republican without a party
Chris Christie: Friend or foe?
Chris Christie: I never hugged Obama
Chris Christie: Meghan McCain “has no standing to be criticizing me”
Chris Christie: Still alive for 2016
Chris Christie: The GOP has a candidate problem, not a party problem
Chris Christie: We weren’t told the truth about ObamaCare
Chris Christie: “If I was in the Senate right now, I’d kill myself”
Chris Christie’s Hispanic high-wire act could pay off — or prove fatal
Chris Christie’s accidental argument for limited government (and against himself)
Chris Christie’s big dilemma highlighted by gun control bills
Chris Christie’s dance to keep up with gay marriage
Chris Christie’s debate phobia
Chris Christie’s dumb attack on libertarians
Chris Christie’s forgotten early years of scandal and failure
Chris Christie’s getting a hard lesson in the politics of gun control
Chris Christie’s gift to Hillary Clinton
Chris Christie’s guns and gays problem
Chris Christie’s loss is [someone's] gain
Chris Christie’s no George W. Bush
Chris Christie’s pain is Scott Walker’s gain
Chris Christie’s too conservative for New Jersey or something
Chris Christie’s vanity problem
Chris Christie’s win was a lot less impressive than you think
Chris Christie’s headwinds
Chris Crane’s quest to block the Gang of Eight’s immigration bill
Chris Hayes to replace Ed Schultz at 8 p.m. on MSNBC
Chris Matthews devotes entire Christmas Eve show to mercilessly mocking 11 conservatives
Chris Matthews has epic brawl with GOP lawmaker for holding country “hostage” over ObamaCare
Chris Matthews to Hillary on 2016: Oh, we’ll get you in there
Chris Matthews wonders: Is Obama’s credibility at risk if the sequester is less severe than feared?
Chris Matthews: Ann Coulter says things others can’t because she doesn’t have a job
Chris Matthews: At least the “thrill up my leg” came from Obama, not Palin
Chris Matthews: Obama sure did have a bad year
Chris Matthews: Rand Paul will be the GOP nominee
Chris Matthews: Rand Paul will win the 2016 primary
Chris Matthews: When is Obama going to get some credit for this amazing economy?
Chris Stevens’s Benghazi diary reveals final days
Chris Van Hollen: The House Democrats’ budget will balance by 2040
Chris Wallace Chris Wallace to Gabby Giffords’s husband: Background checks didn’t stop her shooter
Christian convicted for insulting Islam in Egypt receives one year of hard labor
Christian groups push Congress to let service members express their religion more freely
Christianity in Britain declining 50 percent faster than thought
Christians in the crosshairs
Christie and Clinton: Another bipartisan bromance
Christie and Obama to rekindle bromance today
Christie and Paul offer models for how the GOP can compete in blue states
Christie backers still eyeing 2016 for some reason
Christie called the election for October because he had to by law — sort of
Christie came closer than thought to jumping into the 2012 race
Christie came to CPAC with nothing to offer conservatives
Christie camp held Sandy relief money hostage, mayor alleges
Christie could run in 2016 as an independent
Christie hammers New York Times for “sloppy,” “misleading” report
Christie has some serious repair work to do with conservatives
Christie hedges on serving out full term
Christie not sure when he learned of bridge lane closings
Christie open to a presidential run
Christie puts the gloves on
Christie ridicules Democrats for emphasizing income inequality
Christie slides, Jeb Bush rises
Christie team slams MSNBC, denies mayor’s claim that Sandy funds were held hostage
Christie threatened to drop F-bomb at GOP convention
Christie tops GOP presidential field in Iowa; Cruz a close second
Christie vs. Paul: The coming New Hampshire cage match
Christie waffling on in-state tuition for illegals?
Christie was never the GOP frontrunner
Christie wins endorsement of black ministers in show of support for school vouchers
Christie won’t be president
Christie, Clinton heap praise on each other at Global Initiative seminar
Christie, Clinton, and the “enemies list” question
Christie, Nixon, and the case for retribution in politics
Christie, Paul offer models for how GOP can compete in blue states
Christie, at GOP event with Romney supporters, finds many unburned bridges
Christie, not Rubio, is the GOP’s best bet in 2016
Christie-bashing: Sport for pundits but not reporters
Christie: A shutdown would be “irresponsible”
Christie: Elements of the tea party are “Republicans at their best”
Christie: It’s inevitable that people will see my victory on Tuesday as a message nationally
Christie: “I don’t want [Obama] to be president but it wasn’t my choice”
Christie’s biggest asset: His weight?
Christie’s bogus “stages of grief”
Christie’s conservative problem
Christie’s many critics savor his misfortune
Christie’s no RINO
Christie’s persona will play well with the rest of America
Christie’s post-reelection fork in the road: Centrist or conservative?
Christie’s powerful new role: Chairman of the Republican Governors Association
Christie’s pushing the same message that Clinton, Bush, and Obama did
Christie’s still the frontrunner
Christie’s still viable in 2016
Christie’s style could backfire horribly in a national campaign
Christie’s waistline, Rubio’s hairline, and our raging obsession with superficiality
Christie’s worthy war on the failed war on drugs
Christmas comes early for state budgets
Christmas wish: Let’s stop buying and giving things that people don’t want or need
Chuck Grassley: Obama hasn’t called me in four years
Chuck Hagel and the winter of the neocons’ discontent
Chuck Hagel jokes that Indian man asking him a question is a member of the Taliban
Chuck Schumer endorses presidential candidate who hasn’t declared yet
Chuck Schumer introduces the “McConnell rule”
Chuck Schumer, Paul Ryan talking on immigration
Chuck Schumer: Bloomberg gun-control ads don’t work
Chuck Schumer: Voice of the little man, courtier of plutocrats
Chuck Schumer’s new gun-control bill on background checks is terrible
Chuck Schumer’s plan to drive a wedge in the tea party
Chuck Todd: Democrats shouldn’t run away from ObamaCare in 2014
Chuck Todd: Obama “does not believe he lied on this”
Chuck Todd: Some GOP donors think Christie’s 2016 hopes are done
Chuck Todd: “Some portions” of cable news haven’t been “mature” in discussing race
Church to Italian men: Being mama’s boys is a risk to marriage
Churches now guarding against nativity-scene thefts by placing GPS inside Jesus figurines
Churches propose a boycott of Redskins unless the team changes its name
Churches woo new members with … beer?
Cincinnati poll worker sentenced to 5 years for voter fraud in presidential elections
Cindy Sheehan makes a Socialist run for California governor
Citibike: The official transportation of the apocalypse
Citing Zimmerman’s acquittal as a reason to repeal “stand your ground” laws is a non sequitur
Citing overreach, Republicans ponder new checks on executive powers
Citing shootings, Obama says must “go back at” gun-control push
City attorney: Locks on Filner’s office doors have been changed
Civil Rights Commission members to CBC: Amnesty hurts black Americans
Civil disobedience in the suburbs
Civil disobedience: Americans cross Obama’s parkway barriers
Civil disobedience: Citizens pushing back against shutdown theater
Civility is overrated
Civilization’s greatest shame: Sexism
Claire McCaskill: I wouldn’t invite Obama to campaign with me
Clapper unscathed after “erroneous” remarks, i.e. lies, to Congress
Clarence Thomas is right about America’s obsession with race
Clarence Thomas is right about race
Clash of Texas titans: Rick Perry vs. Ted Cruz
Class warfare for Republicans
Class warfare won’t stop Hillary in the primaries in 2016, liberals
Classified briefings on Syria continue to turn members of Congress against attacking
Classified docs: The CIA didn’t always know who it was killing in drone strikes
Climate change advocates try to silence Krauthammer
Climate change endgame in sight?
Climate change expert’s fraud was “crime of massive proportion,” say feds
Climate change is occurring so slowly that it’ll be easy to adapt
Climate change isn’t the world’s biggest problem
Climate change makes any disaster global
Climate prophets and profiteers
Climate to be 2014 battlefield
Climate-change skeptics have a right to free speech, too
Climbing Everest: Battle of the octogenerians
Clint Eastwood signs amicus brief in support of same-sex marriage
Clinton Library to make first release of withheld records
Clinton and Christie: Let the mud-slinging begin
Clinton insiders: Hillary needs $100 million to clear the field
Clinton suggests Putin can be trusted
Clinton warns Dems: The Republicans won’t make it so easy this time around
Clinton: Immigration reform is the “only way to keep our country growing”
Clinton: Mandela helped me forgive the GOP for impeachment
Clinton? Christie? Cringe
Clintons freezing out Anthony Weiner?
Clintons try to rebuild bond with black voters ahead of 2016
Clintonworld vs. Weiner
Clinton’s candidacy may ride on Benghazi
Cloning is now being used to create human embryonic stem cells
Close down the Democratic minstrel show on immigration
Closing the “word gap” between rich and poor
Club for Growth targets nine Republicans for primary challenges
Clunker progressivism
Coburn: The Manchin-Toomey deal is “unworkable”
Coburn: “The strategy that has been laid out is a good way for Repubs to lose the House”
Coca-Cola apologizes after customer finds “You Retard” inside Vitamin Water bottle cap
Coca-Cola’s “America the Beautiful” ad: Why liberals should be upset
Code Pink founder on heckling Obama: I couldn’t let him keep blaming Congress
Coercing conformity: A government that creates the climate for bullying is the worst of the bullies
Cold turkey isn’t the only route for people with a drinking problem
Colin Powell: Obama’s second term is going reasonably well
Colin Powell: Zimmerman verdict a “questionable judgment”
Collateral damage in a GOP civil war
College Republicans: How the GOP lost young voters
College athletes get closer to unionizing
College football is out of bounds
College student thinks diversity of opinion means “not tolerating” conservative views
Collision course: CR and the debt ceiling
Colorado already dealing with pot shortages
Colorado governor: There is a “certain resentment” to Bloomberg spending anti-gun money in other states
Colorado poll: Gun control politically dangerous for Democrats
Colorado rainfall was one for the ages
Colorado recall becoming a referendum on guns
Colorado sheriff refuses to enforce state’s new gun-control bills
Colorado tourism bureau imposes one-year ban on “cannabis tourism” advertising
Colorado woman who championed ObamaCare loses insurance plan
Colorado’s grassroots revolt against gun-grabbers
Colorado’s next gun-rights recall
Colorado’s pot catch-22
Combat women and Congress’s wimps
Comcast readies for Washington war
Comcast to buy Time Warner Cable
Come home, Snowden
Come to think of it, there are some policy overlaps between Bush and Obama
Come to think of it, “Redskins” is pretty offensive
Comedian arrested after punching Newsweek journalist in the face at D.C. improv event
Comedian/activist compares Wal-Mart to Hitler at “living wage” rally
Comedians still avoiding Obama
Coming eventually to Cuba: North Korean missiles?
Coming soon from Amazon: “Anticipatory shipping”?
Coming soon to Abbottabad: An amusement park
Coming soon to Colorado town: Drone-hunting?
Coming soon to ESPN along with Olbermann: Nate Silver
Coming soon to ESPN: Keith Olbermann?
Coming soon to Mexico: A soda tax to fight obesity
Coming soon to NBC: Hillary, the miniseries
Coming soon to Texas: Drones for border security?
Coming soon to drones: Missile-blasting lasers?
Coming soon to menus: How many miles you’d have to walk to burn off this order?
Coming soon to online commerce: Car-buying?
Coming soon to smart phones: Smell-o-vision?
Coming soon to the Olympics: Pole-dancing?
Coming soon to the U.S. military: Iron Man?
Coming soon to the cloud: Your housekeys
Coming soon: A war for the Nile’s water?
Coming soon: Al Franken vs. Michele Bachmann?
Coming soon: Amazon delivery drones?
Coming soon: An Anthony Weiner documentary?
Coming soon: Bionic superhumans?
Coming soon: Commercial moon flights?
Coming soon: Edible wrapping?
Coming soon: Internet-beaming balloons?
Coming soon: Printable foods
Coming soon: Skyscraper farms?
Coming soon: Superman versus Batman
Coming soon: The instant-sober pill?
Coming soon: The Hyperloop?
Coming soon: The robo-boss?
Commission urges U.S. to let companies retaliate against cyberattackers
Common Core and the EduTech abyss
Common Core is for the common good or something
Communist Party feeling uneasy about Mao ahead of his birthday celebrations
Companies prepare to pass more health costs to workers
Company Snowden worked for helped United Arab Emirates create their own version of the NSA
Company that gave Snowden clean background check was rushing to meet quotas
Company warns: Robots may stall in surgery
Comparison shopping still difficult on many ObamaCare exchanges
Compassionate conservatives are confusing a slogan with an agenda
Compassionate conservatives strike back against tea party
Computer failure temporarily cuts off access to food stamps in 17 states
Con men prey on confusion over ObamaCare
Concealed carry means fewer murders, says new study
Concern but not fear at RNC over Hillary run in 2016
Concern mounts in China’s new air-defense zone
Condi Rice: Nope, no 2016 in my plans
Condi Rice: You can’t condition immigration reform on perfect border enforcement
Condoleezza Rice is putting together a bipartisan immigration group
Condoleezza Rice: U.S. “doesn’t have an option of no action” in Syria
Confessions of a Romney baby bully
Confessions of a Syrian activist: “I want Assad to win”
Confessions of a binge reader
Confessions of a former Rob Ford supporter
Confessions of a political private eye
Confessions of a quantitative easer
Confessions of a non-toker
Confirmed: A messy desk encourages creativity
Confirmed: Anthony Weiner does have a job
Confirmed: Attractive women tend to be less stressed, more fertile
Confirmed: Ballerinas have pirouette-proof brains
Confirmed: Beauty works like a drug on the brain
Confirmed: Beer bellies are a myth
Confirmed: Billion-year-old water tastes terrible
Confirmed: Bosses with deep voices get paid more
Confirmed: Casual sex can make you depressed and anxious
Confirmed: Chimps play video games better than kindergarteners
Confirmed: Collins, Murkowski most likely Republicans to back Obama
Confirmed: Conspiracy theorists are also more likely to disavow vaccines, climate science, and GM foods
Confirmed: Cure for existential angst is hugging a teddy bear
Confirmed: Cuteness inspires aggression
Confirmed: Entrepreneurs pray more than most
Confirmed: Gentlemen prefer blondes brunettes
Confirmed: Good-looking people mess with your memory
Confirmed: Holding a guitar makes men more attractive
Confirmed: Junior-high social skills predict success as an adult
Confirmed: Liberals, conservatives tweet in partisan bubbles
Confirmed: Liz Cheney to primary Mike Enzi for Wyoming Senate
Confirmed: Macho dudes have an edge in less-developed countries
Confirmed: Many parents put their kids to bed far too early
Confirmed: Men (and women) ogle women’s bodies more than their faces
Confirmed: Men and women are pretty stereotypical on Facebook
Confirmed: Men and women often expect different things from moving in together
Confirmed: Men are less productive when women are around
Confirmed: Men can’t read women’s emotions
Confirmed: Men have a harder time remembering things than women
Confirmed: Men more likely to approach tattooed women at the beach
Confirmed: No one likes taxes — except Democrats
Confirmed: Obama to nominate Janet Yellen as new Fed chair
Confirmed: People getting dumber
Confirmed: People more likely to tell secrets during post-sex conversation
Confirmed: People who text frequently are shallow, more racist
Confirmed: Performers and athletes die younger
Confirmed: Plants that listen to Black Sabbath have the best flowers
Confirmed: Prehistoric humans had better teeth than we do
Confirmed: Reading literary fiction makes you a nicer person
Confirmed: Red/blue divisions start with newborns’ names
Confirmed: Rich women have better sex lives
Confirmed: Scientists can tell from brain scans who you’re thinking about
Confirmed: Seeing photos of food makes actual food less tasty
Confirmed: Size matters
Confirmed: Taste of beer triggers good feelings in the brain
Confirmed: Tea party members know more science than non-tea partiers
Confirmed: Tech behemoths conceded to PRISM surveillance
Confirmed: The couple that drinks together, stays together
Confirmed: There aren’t many atheists in foxholes
Confirmed: Twinkies to return to shelves on July 15
Confirmed: Using a sexy video game avatar makes women objectify themselves
Confirmed: Wealthiest Americans live along the coasts
Confirmed: We’re more likely to lie in the afternoon
Confirmed: White House to extend ObamaCare enrollment period until March 31
Confirmed: Women worry more than men
Confirmed: Women’s feet can grow during pregnancy
Confirmed: World Cup soccer breeds nationalist aggression
Confirmed: You can review pretty much anything on Yelp
Confirmed: Your choice in utensils can change how food tastes
Confirmed: “Toy Story” and “The Walking Dead” have basically the same plot
Congrats on your amazingly successful stonewalling on Benghazi, Mr. President
Congratulations, progressive millennials: You’re the cheapest date in town
Congress and executive power: This time it’s personal
Congress blocked Kerry from offering more aid to Egypt
Congress has become a rubber stamp for the NSA
Congress has had enough of the Redskins
Congress is now a quasi-parliamentary institution
Congress is really, really old
Congress plays with fire as Asia examines debt
Congress tells Detroit to forget about a bailout
Congress was told about surveillance, officials say
Congress will give the president time on Iran — but not much
Congress, staff required to buy pricey “gold” ObamaCare plans
Congress: We can’t rein in surveillance if Obama’s team keeps lying to us about it
Congressional Black Caucus to go after Obama for lack of diversity in judicial picks
Congressional Republicans launching more court challenges to Obama’s executive overreach
Congressional elections and the six-year myth
Congressional lawmakers shirk shutdown pledge, keep paychecks
Congressional source: Benghazi contractors seem to contradict CIA chief
Congressman: Only pre-selected reps were allowed to question Obama at GOP meeting
Congressmen seek to legalize pot at federal level
Congress’s new anti-war coalition: A relationship or a one-night stand?
Connecticut gun-maker to exit the state
Connecticut senator asks Fox not to air NASCAR race with NRA as a sponsor
Connecticut warns owners of newly illegal guns to destroy them or turn them in
Connecting the dots on the IRS scandal
Conservatism for the people
Conservatism is too big for its own good
Conservatism meets Occupy Wall Street
Conservative James Woods: “I don’t expect to work again” in Hollywood
Conservative U.S. Catholics feel left out of the Pope’s embrace
Conservative activists leave amnesty for dead in August
Conservative blind spots
Conservative economists push immigration reform
Conservative firebrands want scalps, not hollow victories
Conservative geeks want a wired GOP
Conservative group pushes to topple GOP leaders in Congress
Conservative groups struggling to recruit candidates in key 2014 races
Conservative groups working hard to sell immigration reform to the base
Conservative of the year: Darrell Issa
Conservative parents, left-wing children
Conservative reformers should fix the rigged game
Conservative strategists to GOP: We need to get more specific on policy
Conservatives > liberals when it comes to happiness
Conservatives and the politics of immigration
Conservatives are wary of a deal
Conservatives are wrong to worry that libertarian policies will lead to libertinism
Conservatives as defenders of the media
Conservatives became targets in 2008
Conservatives call on Capital One to fire Alec Baldwin
Conservatives can have a good year — if they want to
Conservatives don’t circle the wagons around corrupt politicians
Conservatives fear another split Republican presidential vote — with path for Christie win
Conservatives finally discover Bob McDonnell isn’t “one of us”?
Conservatives float new plan to delay ObamaCare by one year
Conservatives for immigration reform
Conservatives likely to write most remaining decisions in Supreme Court term
Conservatives must build a “bite me” coalition
Conservatives must master the narrative art
Conservatives now outnumber liberals in 47 states
Conservatives ready another try to unseat Graham
Conservatives should be more racially sensitive
Conservatives should stop crying pot
Conservatives slam Paul Ryan for fighting government shutdown plan
Conservatives turn it up to 11
Conservatives urge Mitch McConnell to put the brakes on immigration reform
Conservatives walked into Obama’s trap
Conservatives war with GOP consultants at CPAC
Conservatives warn House leaders against Gang of Eight bill on comprehensive immigration reform
Conservatives wary of Chief Justice Roberts in same-sex marriage cases
Conservatives were too forgiving of GOP during Bush, too unforgiving now
Conservatives, beware the Hatch effect
Conservatives, libertarians, and herding cats
Conservatives: Public backlash to immigration reform is coming
Conservatives’ federalism copout
Conservative victimhood
Consider alternative schooling
Conspiracy theories abound online after Navy Yard shooting
Containing Iran is the least awful choice
Contractors: ObamaCare website may need weeks of work to run smoothly
Contrary to popular belief, the Romney campaign’s own polls showed it would lose
Contrary to reports, IRS’s “lookout list” not much broader than originally thought
Control freaks: Media handlers at Bill Clinton’s charity escorting reporters … to the bathroom?
Controversial judge orders man to write “Boys do not hit girls” 5,000 times
Controversial pro-rebel Syria researcher fired over doctorate claim
Conventional shutdown wisdom that wasn’t
Coo-pon or cyu-pon? Maps reveal how America speaks
Cops wonder: Why were the Tsarnaevs so eager to get to Watertown?
Coptic Kristallnacht
Corker says immigration, tax, and entitlement reform are all dead in the Senate for this year
Cornel West: Obama is a war criminal like Bush and Nixon
Cornered Hamas looks back at Iran, Hezbollah
Cornyn amendment to immigration bill divides Gang of Eight
Cornyn opens new front in immigration fight, but can the Gang of Eight bill be salvaged?
Cornyn won’t pay a price for defying Ted Cruz on budget ceiling vote
Cornyn: I’ll consider making changes to my border-security amendment
Corporate backing is helping ObamaCare go mainstream
Corporations urge Supreme Court to embrace gay marriage
Correcting a liberal smear against Clarence Thomas
Correcting the record on the White House’s NSA review
Correction of the day
Correction: The Gettysburg Address was actually great
Cory Booker caught DMing with vegan stripper or something [not safe for work]
Cory Booker explains T-Bone. And the cynical press.
Cory Booker, the senator from Barack Obama
Cory Booker: A perfect senator for “This Town”?
Cory Booker’s imaginary friend
Cory Booker’s problem: After Obama, he can’t coast on diversity
Cost of ObamaCare’s health-insurance exchanges shoots up
Cost of Obamacare’s insurer bailout program won’t be known until summer 2015
Cost of college: Government push to gauge students’ bang for their buck gains steam
Costas conformity: Sudden outrage on Redskins name puts him in the “Me, too!” category
Costco apologizes for calling Bible “fiction”
Could 2014 be the year of the tea-party Democrat?
Could 2014 rescue Obama from Obamacare debacle?
Could America have won the Iraq war?
Could Egyptian chaos open a path to the White House for Rand Paul?
Could Facebook fix Healthcare.gov?
Could GOP lose sequester-level spending in new shutdown negotiations with Dems?
Could Google tilt a close election?
Could Islam have had a “secondary role” in the Boston bombings?
Could North Korea hit its neighbors with nukes?
Could Obama delay the individual mandate by one year too?
Could ObamaCare add more Democrats to the voter rolls? Yup.
Could ObamaCare discredit neoliberalism?
Could ObamaCare problems push Latinos to the GOP?
Could Obama’s Syria diplomacy lead to war?
Could Obama’s approval fall as low as Bush’s?
Could Oprah sell ObamaCare to America?
Could Pope Francis be considering the appointment of a woman cardinal?
Could PowerPoint be the key to finding love?
Could Rand Paul really win?
Could Rob Ford get reelected?
Could Rodman’s North Korea trip affect U.S. policy?
Could Sandra Fluke’s candidacy cost Democrats Henry Waxman’s seat?
Could Syria kill Al Qaeda?
Could Syria start a world war?
Could a Republican president gut ObamaCare unilaterally?
Could a pro-gay Supreme Court decision end up helping the GOP?
Could a smallpox shot kill cancer?
Could anger at the IRS unite Democrats and the tea party?
Could drones be the highways of the future?
Could it be Lincoln? Gettsyburg photo stirs up a debate
Could life have evolved on Mars before Earth?
Could mass immigration save social conservatism?
Could modern NSA surveillance techniques have prevented 9/11?
Could rationing hold the key to today’s food crises?
Could spotlighting the rift between Obama and Democrats backfire on the GOP?
Could the GOP lose generations of Latino voters?
Could the NYPD have stopped the Tsarnaev brothers before they started?
Could the Super Bowl blackout energize a debate on the power grid?
Could the U.S. have stopped Syria’s chemical weapons attack?
Could the U.S. really go to war with China?
Could there be another wave of illegal immigration?
Could this robot save your job?
Could virgin births be real?
Could your browsing history end up in the government’s hands?
Coulter on Christie: “We have to run somebody who is going to win or the country is going to be finished”
Coulter: Immigration only helps businesses that benefit from “slave labor”
Coulter: Rubio is the Jack Kevorkian of the GOP
Coulter: The voters must punish Republicans who vote for amnesty
Couple who are just friends allowed to adopt, judge says in landmark ruling
Court challenges could tear down major pieces of ObamaCare
Court lifts ban on gay marriage in California
Court reporters: The New York Times fails its readers, and the country
Court steps into second child lung transplant case
Courting disaster: A new idea to limit drone strikes could actually legitimize them
Courts and Congress give Obama adult supervision
Court’s DNA ruling brings the U.S. a step closer to “Gattaca”
Covert action in Colombia: How U.S. intelligence helped destroy FARC
Crack-smoking Toronto mayor Rob Ford files to run again
Crackdown: Top Putin critic sentenced to five years by Russian court for alleged embezzlement
Crazier than liberals
Credit scores impact new Affordable Care Act insurance plans
Crew members: “Captain Phillips” is one big lie
Crimea crisis revives issue of secession’s legitimacy
Crimea is gone. What does NATO do next?
Crimean crisis: All eyes on Merkel
Crimean leader claims control of regional security forces, asks Russia to intervene
Criminal siblings: The minds of the Boston bombers
Crisis of confidence: Americans losing faith in ObamaCare
Criticism of Wendy Davis shows that America’s not ready for a single mother as governor or something
Critics see contradictions in Obama administration’s Syria claims
Critics slam Homeland Security over housing costs for border agents
Crowded SC primary poses challenge for Lindsey Graham
Cruz and Lee weather the “defund ObamaCare” storm
Cruz angers GOP colleagues — again
Cruz deserves cheers, not jeers
Cruz extends olive branch to GOP senators
Cruz to get hero’s welcome from conservatives in Iowa and New Hampshire
Cruz vs. Feinstein: That old piece of parchment
Cruz, allies ready for next battle with “Surrender Caucus”
Cruz: “We need a hundred more like Jesse Helms in the U.S. Senate”
Cry Munich, and let slip the dogs of hyperbole
Cuccinelli advisor blames Bobby Jindal, RGA for defeat: “They just blew it”
Cuccinelli is far from the best choice for Virginia
Cuccinelli rules out another run
Cuccinelli tries to help convicted felon clear his name
Cuccinelli, McAuliffe battle over ethics, social views at an energy forum
Cuccinelli’s likely loss doesn’t portend anything for the GOP
Cuccinelli’s loss doesn’t tell us anything about the tea party
Cuccinelli’s loss in Virginia triggers GOP circular firing squad
Culture to Christians: Do stop believin’
Cumulus threatens to drop Limbaugh, Hannity in battle with Clear Channel over distribution rights
Cuomo vs. de Blasio: The battle over charter schools erupts in NYC
Cure for love: Should we take anti-love drugs?
Curious IRS timing: Did the tax agency also target groups that support Israel?
Current and former DOJ officials admit charges are unlikely to be brought against Zimmerman
Cut off Harvard to save America
Cut off the Russian oligarchs and they’ll dump Putin
Cutting off Egypt’s aid will only worsen the chaos
Cyprus offers a scary economic lesson for America
Cyprus’ savers bear brunt of unprecedented bailout
C’mon, America doesn’t have a spending or deficit problem
C’mon, America, let’s have some constructive engagement
C’mon, Congress, support Obama on Syria
C’mon, Detroit needs some federal help
C’mon, Jeb Bush will never be president
C’mon, Mark Steyn, don’t be so gloomy
C’mon, Obama, ignore the debt ceiling
C’mon, Santorum’s not a serious 2016 contender
C’mon, fellow lefties, let’s intervene in Syria
C’mon, fellow progressives: Let’s reclaim the word “liberal”
C’mon, give ObamaCare a chance
C’mon, it’s time for immigration reform
C’mon, let’s expand Social Security
C’mon, let’s extend assisted suicide to children
C’mon, let’s have a pathway to citizenship for illegals
C’mon, let’s lift the Cuba embargo
C’mon, let’s make a deal with Iran
C’mon, let’s raise the minimum wage
C’mon, let’s regulate e-cigarettes
C’mon, let’s start over on the Constitution
C’mon: Of course Hillary will end up running for president
D.C. Council calls on Washington Redskins to ditch “racist and derogatory” name
D.C. considers mandatory $250,000 insurance policy for gun buyers
D.C. establishment pretty much unanimous in condemning Snowden
D.C. insurance commissioner fired a day after questioning White House’s ObamaCare fix
D.C. protest crowd pushes through barriers to WWII memorial
D.C. ranked first in extra-marital affairs — for the second consecutive time
DARPA to equip amputee vets with a prosthesis they can feel
DC is turning on Obama
DC radio stations refuse to run ad calling on Redskins to change name
DCCC to Boehner: Punish Steve King
DEA surveillance unit to be investigated by Department of Justice
DHS building national license plate reader database
DHS cancels national license plate tracking plan
DHS customizing Predator drones for domestic surveillance
DHS intelligence bulletin: 3D-printed guns may be “impossible” to stop
DHS orders new student visa reviews after Boston bombing
DHS released over 2,000 immigrants facing deportation
DHS secretary: Illegals have “earned the right to be citizens”
DNA study confirms: Ancient humans had sex with mystery species
DNC chief: Democrats can run and win on ObamaCare in 2014
DNC fundraising hits the skids
DNC sends email defending Obama from impeachment possibility
DNC to vote on resolution calling on Filner to resign
DNCC committee claims stolen iPhone was worth $30,000
DOJ broadens its defense against charge that Holder lied to House committee
DOJ considers probe of Senate staffers in dispute over CIA torture report
DOJ declines to prosecute officials involved in tax-record scandal
DOJ kill list memo forces many Dems out of the closet as overtly unprincipled hacks
DOJ memo reveals legal case for drone strikes on Americans
DOJ readying to sue S&P over pre-crisis credit ratings
DOJ: We haven’t compromised Sharyl Attkisson’s computers
DOMA is an abuse of federalism
Dagestan Islamists were uneasy about Tsarnaev
Daily Beast drops Howard Kurtz over erroneous Jason Collins blog post
Damn this anti-Clinton media
Damn this new isolationism
Damn, Canada’s death panels are awesome
Damn, John Kerry is bold
Damn, ObamaCare’s awesome
Damn, how could we blow this big gun-control opportunity?
Damn, life as a reporter in D.C. is seductive
Damn, that Obama climate change speech was awesome
Damn, those Obama comments on race were awesome
Dan Coats: We should delay immigration reform after Boston
Dan Rather maintains that story that brough him down was “true”
Dan Rather on Reddit: No one proved that Bush documents were forged
Dan Snyder’s best possible answer to critics of the Redskins’ name
Danger ahead for Democrats: The passion gap
Danish Muslim leader now regrets role in cartoon outrage
Daring U.S. raids in Africa: Is Obama shifting away from drone strikes?
Daring to complain about ObamaCare
Darn it, Obama should ignore the polls on Syria and lead
Darn it, the NRA is unbeatable
Darn it, when will Obama play hardball with these Republicans?
Darn it, why are these Republicans so obsessed with ObamaCare?
Darn it, why can’t we solve our political problems?
Darn it, why didn’t Obama twist more arms on the hill to pass gun control?
Darn this political tribalism for making Obama’s second term tougher
Darrell Issa apologizes to Elijah Cummings, but accuses him of a “hissy fit”
Darrell Issa to introduce immigration bill that would offer legal status for six years
Darrell Issa: Let’s face it, Jay Carney’s a paid liar
Data center glitch is latest problem in ObamaCare rollout
Data shows more young veterans are committing suicide
Data suggests uninsured aren’t signing up for ObamaCare
David Axelrod wants Democratic donors to stop donating to Hillary Clinton’s team
David Brooks: If there’s a GOP civil war, the establishment will lose
David Brooks: New media has plateaued, is returning to “authority”
David Brooks: Obama’s Zimmerman comments were a highlight of his presidency
David Brooks: Obama’s decision to go to Congress was “very unfortunate”
David Brooks: The GOP leadership needs to show Ted Cruz who’s boss
David Brooks: The establishment will eventually defeat the tea party
David Brooks: What we need is a “reality caucus” in the House
David Frum’s ridiculous column on guns
David Plouffe: Running against ObamaCare will be impossible for the GOP
Davis for governor of Texas? Don’t mess with it, Wendy
Dawn of the bot? New era nears, experts say
Day one: ObamaCare website plagued with glitches
Days after Univision announces Clinton partnership, network owner says Hillary presidency his “dream”
Days before launch, HealthCare.Gov failed to handle even 500 users
Days of water woes still ahead for West Virginia residents after chemical spill
De Blasio takes a strong Democratic lead in NYC
De Blasio’s New York: Let’s not get carried away with this diversity thing
De Blasio’s long odds
DeMint v Rubio: The Heritage Foundation goes all in against amnesty
DeMint vs. Rubio for the soul of the Republican Party
Deafening media silence on Hillary Clinton’s ties to Univision
Dear Obama, Gore: Stop whining about the right-wing media
Dear Obama: It’s time to return your Nobel Peace Prize
Dear ObamaCare officials: Fix the (redacted) sites!
Dear Twitter haters: I love your passion
Dear fellow Obama apologists in the lapdog liberal media
Dear fellow atheists: Stop being jerks
Dear grads, don’t “do what you love”
Dear graduates: You’re pampered, privileged and oversexed — but at least your employment prospects are dim
Death by atomic wedgie
Death doesn’t care if you’re sexy
Death of the swing state: Fewer than one-fourth of House districts are competitive
Death penalty for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev a heavy lift for feds in Massachusetts
Death penalty for Tsarnaev? It’s up to Holder
Death penalty in the United States gradually declining
Death threats and denial for woman who showed that college athletes struggle to read
Debate on secret data looks unlikely, partly due to secrecy
Debate rages among anthropologists: Is war inevitable?
Debate simmers over doctors asking about guns
Debbie Wasserman Schultz: ObamaCare delay is sign of president’s commitment or something
Debbie Wasserman-Schultz: If women in Congress were negotiating, this stalemate would be over
Debbie Wasserman-Schultz: ObamaCare will be an advantage for Democrats in 2014
Debt-limit fight deepens ideological, and generational, rift within Senate GOP
Debunking the myth of Kitty Genovese
Debunking the myth of “self-radicalized” terrorists like the Tsarnaevs
Decades-long peace vigil at the White House is interrupted
Decision time for Harry Reid on the “nuclear option”
Deep thoughts, by Charlie Crist
Defections from Assad’s ranks spiking as threat of U.S. attack looms?
Defector: Iran, not Libya, blew up the Lockerbie jet
Defending freedom feminism
Defending the coup
Defense Department guide calls the founding fathers “extremists”
Defense lawyers insist on clients’ right to use NSA records
Defense nerds and “Star Wars”: A symposium on the battle of Hoth
Defense-expert report outlines “something that could still resemble victory” in Afghanistan
Defenselessly “sheltered” as an anti-gun fortress was breached
Defiant Yanukovych: I’m not resigning and the new parliament is illegal
Deficit talks between Dems and centrist Republicans on life support
Define and conquer: Obama’s second-term strategy
Defining Al Qaeda down
Defund or be challenged
Defunders gave Democrats a pass
Defunding ObamaCare is magical thinking masquerading as serious policy
Defunding: The Framers’ remedy for presidential lawlessness
Defund Obama
Defund ObamaCare!
Delay ObamaCare? It’s not as easy as you might think
Delaying ObamaCare’s employer mandate may hurt, not help, Democrats in 2014
Delaying the ObamaCare employer mandate was a wise choice
Delaying the individual mandate is the way to kill ObamaCare
Delusions of populism
Dem Rep. Gutierrez: We can get 40-50 Republican votes for immigration reform
Dem Rep. Jared Polis: The real fix for ObamaCare is amnesty
Dem Rep. Steve Cohen: Tea partiers are “domestic enemies” of the U.S.
Dem congressman: Benghazi talking points were “scrubbed”
Dem congressman: I’m glad I’m paying more for insurance under ObamaCare
Dem congressman: No additional enforcement needed on southwest border
Dem congresswoman: How about a Department of Peacebuilding?
Dem lawmakers looking to trigger huge new taxes on guns and ammo
Dem rep: I sure hope Boehner abandons the “Hastert Rule” for immigration
Dem rep: Repeal dishonorable discharges for gay veterans
Dem rep: Russians believe Boston bombings were preventable
Dem rep: Senate will “definitely” return to gun control this year
Dem rep: These Republicans are waging jihad on Americans’ access to health care
Dem rep: Weiner needs serious psychiatric help
Dem sources: Schumer’s background-checks bill doesn’t have the votes
Dem strategists fear party leaders are in denial on ObamaCare
Dem wants to move Memorial Day to May 30th permanently, do away with three-day weekend
Demand for ammo still sky high
Demand for ammunition is up. Why aren’t prices?
Democracy alone doesn’t mean effective government
Democracy in Egypt can wait
Democracy in the tobacconist’s
Democrat to Hannity: Most Republicans are fat asses
Democrat-heavy IRS will always distrust tea parties
Democratic Party fault lines starting to widen
Democratic Senate candidate on ObamaCare: “It hasn’t worked”
Democratic Senator uses Oklahoma. tornado for anti-GOP rant over global warming
Democratic cracks open up in the debt-ceiling fight
Democratic divide over NSA could pose problem for Obama
Democratic donor: Bill told me that Hillary is definitely running
Democratic lawmaker on Africa trip: Cruz was “on the spot”
Democratic lawmakers look to hold insurance industry’s feet to the fire
Democratic lawmakers: White House staff shakeup long overdue
Democratic leaders push Boehner to abandon conservatives on fiscal issues
Democratic leaders’ explosive words about the budget standoff
Democratic noise machine using Christie’s same media tools against him
Democratic public enemy number one
Democratic rebellion brews over ObamaCare fix
Democratic rep: Cancellation letters should have just said that things are getting better
Democratic strategist: Female representatives say Filner had a “creepy” reputation
Democrats admit reboot needs stronger White House team
Democrats against ObamaCare
Democrats are now the party of women
Democrats are overplaying their anti-Christie hand
Democrats are putting Hillary at risk by dismissing criticism over Benghazi
Democrats are still in denial over ObamaCare
Democrats are stupid too
Democrats ask: What debt crisis?
Democrats begin effort to negatively define Chris Christie before 2016 campaign
Democrats bicker over Obama’s SOTU message: Income inequality or economic growth?
Democrats call for ban on e-cigarettes on Capitol grounds for some reason
Democrats can jam ObamaCare down people’s throats, but can’t force them to keep it down
Democrats can’t hide from ObamaCare’s middle-class pinch
Democrats created the ObamaCare “hostage crisis”
Democrats debate: Move to the center, or move left?
Democrats demand a refund from ObamaCare website contractors
Democrats divided on how to recover from ObamaCare
Democrats divided on immigration strategy
Democrats divided on whether to push for floor vote on Senate immigration bill in House
Democrats embrace late-term abortion at their political peril
Democrats face a day of ObamaCare reckoning
Democrats frustrated at liberal support for Christie
Democrats gave Cruz an “earful” on flight to South Africa
Democrats going on offense on ObamaCare or something
Democrats hit the Golden Globes on e-cigarettes
Democrats hoping for trickle-down economics
Democrats in 2014: The party of John Edwards
Democrats in Florida start clearing the field for Charlie Crist
Democrats looking for a Senate pickup in Georgia race
Democrats mull revealing e-mails from Boehner’s aide as shutdown fight gets personal
Democrats need working-class heroes to keep control of the Senate
Democrats now coordinating at the highest levels to stop Christie
Democrats nuked the ratchet
Democrats one vote short on key unemployment benefits bill
Democrats own health care
Democrats pin immigration hopes on Paul Ryan
Democrats plan to run against Bachmann anyway
Democrats planning a climate-change all-nighter
Democrats pretty excited about this immigration bill
Democrats propose $10,000 fine for gun owners who don’t have insurance
Democrats quietly renew push for gun measures
Democrats ready to go on offense over taxes or something
Democrats recruit pro sports leagues for climate push
Democrats reject GOP efforts to delay funding for Obamacare
Democrats resurrect “war on women” messaging
Democrats risk alienating young voters by opposing entitlement cuts
Democrats search for next move after gun-control defeat
Democrats see gay marriage as issue that will mobilize voters this fall
Democrats seek to puncture Christie
Democrats set to jam immigration reform through Senate
Democrats start transition from President Obama to Hillary Clinton
Democrats suddenly object to cuts in private insurance for seniors
Democrats target Christie for flip-flop on college financial aid for illegals
Democrats test 2016 waters, even as Hillary looms
Democrats to Bloomberg’s group: Stop beating up our side with gun-control ads
Democrats try wooing the ones who got away: White men
Democrats using voting rights issue to protect Senate majority
Democrats will pay political price for ObamaCare in 2014
Democrats won’t win a “blame the GOP” game on the shutdown and debt ceiling
Democrats worry early fundraising for Hillary will siphon off money for midterms
Democrats: Cede the House to save the Senate
Democrats: We can call Rubio’s bluff on immigration reform
Democrats’ agenda for Benghazi hearing: Protect Hillary at all costs
Democrats’ biggest obstacle in 2014: Barack Obama, of course
Democrats’ climate-change filibuster is nothing but a bunch of hot air
Democrats’ new argument on Obamacare jobs decline: It reduces “job lock”
Democrats’ new gun-control bill inspired by James Bond movie
Democrats’ plan to win the sequestration war: Demand more tax hikes, of course
Democrats’ steep uphill road to recapture House
Democrats’ strategy to get House to pass immigration reform: Lots of concern-trolling
Democrats’ strategy: Stop Christie in 2016 by stopping him now
Demographic realignment is remaking the Senate map — and that could cost Democrats their majority
Demographic shifts may help Virginia Democrats
Demographics and the GOP, Part IV
Demoting democracy in Egypt
Dems can’t run on ObamaCare and can’t hide from it either
Dems defend Obama’s outreach: “Damned if you do, damned if you don’t”
Dems divided over a plan B for immigration
Dems fear Obama Social Security cut will haunt them in 2014 races
Dems grumble: House GOP’s election pitch is ObamaCare — and little else
Dems not swayed on Syria even when told a no vote might effectively end Obama’s presidency
Dems prepare game plan as House investigates Benghazi audit
Dems pushing for their background-check bill: Coburn needs to “s–t or get off the pot”
Dems seize on income inequality in 2014
Dems settle in for war of attrition against GOP on sequester
Dems unhappy IRS screened for progressives too
Dems urge national discussion on racial justice following Trayvon Martin case
Dems watch as Christie rolls
Dems wonder: Stand by Obama on ObamaCare or criticize HHS on rollout?
Dems wonder: Will enough people sign up for ObamaCare?
Dems worry and wonder: Did Obama cry wolf on the sequester?
Dems, GOP waiting for Hillary
Dems: Christie can be beaten
Dems’ CPAC gotcha fizzles — and breaks the law
Dems’ new argument: It’s a good thing that ObamaCare will double individual health insurance premiums
Dems’ new strategy: Make a scandal out of Issa
Dennis Rodman checks into rehab after North Korean alcohol-fueled meltdown
Dennis Rodman now says he’s sorry about “certain situations” in North Korea
Dennis Rodman on North Korean human rights: We do the same things here
Dennis Rodman planning vacation with Kim Jong-un for August
Dennis Rodman says he’s heading back to North Korea
Dennis Rodman to Kim Jong-un: You’ve got a new friend for life
Dennis Rodman: I’m going to North Korea for fun, not to talk politics
Dennis Rodman: I’m headed back to North Korea this summer, just to hang out and have fun
Dennis Rodman: Kim Jong-un’s an “awesome guy,” the Kims are “great leaders”
Dennis Rodman: North Korea is “all about love”
Denny Hastert: “The Hastert Rule never really existed”
Deportation anxiety is making Latinos ObamaCare-shy
Deportation foes turn attention to Hillary Clinton
Der Spiegel: The NSA bugged United Nations headquarters
Dershowitz: Zimmerman prosecutor should be disbarred
Desperate for transplant, woman’s still glad Sarah Murnaghan got lungs instead
Despite a botched rollout, ObamaCare is worth it
Despite army’s violence against protesters, many Egyptians still support the military
Despite backlogs, Veterans Affairs disability claims processors get bonuses
Despite banning 3D-printer gun blueprints, the U.S. government posts gun designs online
Despite claims, Obamacare gives Congress no special treatment
Despite filibuster limits, a door remains open to block judge nominees
Despite hundreds of billions in subsidies, Germany’s birth rate continues to fall
Despite preliminary talks, no TV interview with Snowden coming soon
Despite retreat, White House determined to start ObamaCare money flow
Despite talk of cooperation, Democrats busy sharpening their political knives
Despite tough month, Chris Christie breaks fundraising records at RGA
Details buried in UN report on Damascus gas attack point to Assad’s forces as culprit
Detecting shift, U.S. makes case to China on North Korea
Detroit and progressivism: If something can’t go on forever, it will stop
Detroit looking to, er, ObamaCare to ease costs
Detroit police chief: Armed citizens can make city safer
Detroit prepares to file for bankruptcy as soon as Friday
Detroit retirees win seat at table in bankruptcy filing
Detroit should sell its art collection
Detroit, the new Greece
Detroit-area Catholic leaders urge gay marriage supporters to skip Communion
Detroit: A warning for the nation
Detroit: Ayn Rand’s Starnesville come to life
Detroit’s creditors eye its art collection
Detroit’s death by democracy
Deval Patrick open to White House bid
Dialing back the alarm on climate change
Dianne Feinstein rejects NYT on Benghazi
Dianne Feinstein, the NRA’s biggest recruiter
Dianne Feinstein: White House to share legal opinions on armed drone strikes
Dick Cheney keeping head down in Liz’s Senate bid
Dick Cheney on Marco Rubio: “I’m a big fan of his”
Dick Cheney to help launch new Super PAC for Liz
Dick Cheney, tea partier?
Dick Cheney: Chris Christie’s not as conservative as I am
Dick Cheney: I didn’t want a wireless pacemaker because I feared terrorists might hack it
Dick Cheney: Obama’s military cuts do tremendous long-term damage
Dick Cheney: Snowden’s a traitor
Dick Durbin, the IRS, and me
Dick Durbin: This Senate immigration group is a model for future deals
Dick Durbin: “Immigration reform will make us safer”
Dick Morris exits Fox News: Even he might have predicted this correctly
Dick Morris: My new mission is to make the GOP viable nationally again
Dick Morris’s bad entitlements advice
Did Esquire get duped by the alleged Bin Laden shooter?
Did Glenn Greenwald write the Guardian’s news story about his husband’s detention?
Did IRS dirty tricks against Tea Party end in Cincinnati?
Did Indy matter?
Did Iran’s supreme leader issue a fatwa against the development of nuclear weapons?
Did I move?
Did Marius the giraffe have to die?
Did Minneapolis man order Nazi-led attack that killed dozens of civilians during WWII?
Did Obama and Sebelius meet on ObamaCare or didn’t they?
Did Obama finally earn that Nobel?
Did Obama give Israel the go-ahead to fire back at Syria?
Did Obama just “Specter” Max Baucus?
Did Obama swap CIA “black sites” for Navy ships?
Did ObamaCare’s tech problems doom immigration reform?
Did Obama’s speech actually say anything new about drones?
Did Paul Ryan just ruin his chances for 2016?
Did Petraeus just endorse Hillary Clinton?
Did Pope Francis tell Catholic bloggers to have comments sections?
Did Putin bait a trap for the U.S. in Damascus?
Did Rubio vote no on Syria to please a GOP base still angry at him over immigration?
Did Snowden have help downloading documents?
Did a young JFK secretly admire Hitler?
Did an Angry Birds leak risk spies’ lives?
Did global warming cause the Syrian civil war?
Did humans form from earth?
Did rabbits kill the Neanderthals?
Did racism skew the Zimmerman jury verdict?
Did senior State Department security officials commit perjury?
Did shutdown “poison the well” for immigration reform?
Did somebody bug Mitch McConnell’s office?
Did the CIA betray Syria’s rebels?
Did the IRS fire Holly Paz?
Did the IRS give Mitt Romney’s tax returns to Harry Reid?
Did the Iraq war give birth to the Arab Spring?
Did the NSA leaks really put us at risk?
Did the NSA really help spy on U.S. lawyers?
Did the assault-weapons ban kill gun control?
Did the bombers’ mother introduce them to radicalization?
Did the poor polling in Virginia cost Cuccinelli the election?
Did the shutdown even matter?
Did the world just legitimize the Assad regime it spent years discrediting?
Did we get the Muslim Brotherhood wrong?
Digital direct democracy is crushing representative democracy
Dilemma for Paul and Rubio: They can only run for one office in 2016
Diners return to pay bills for meals interrupted by Boston Marathon bombings
Dingell, Lautenberg, and the problem of D.C. careerism
Dining with Al Qaeda
Direct link between Assad and gas attack elusive for U.S.
Director of National Intelligence calls reporting on surveillance “reckless”
Disabled no longer allowed to skip lines at Disneyland
Disabled woman denied entry to U.S. after agent cites supposedly private medical details
Disappointed Syrians warn Ukrainians off seeking U.S. help
Disarming Syria of chemical weapons highly complex, experts say
Discovered: The “very hairy” marsupial that dies from “frantic” mating
Disenchantment sets in: The unions versus ObamaCare
Disgrace: Senators skip classified briefing on NSA snooping to catch flights home
Disinviting that atheist group from CPAC makes sense
Dismantling the stigma of guns
Dismiss the Egyptian people and elect a new one
Disney’s America
Disruption and the path back to power
Dissent festers in the states Obama seems to have forgotten
Distrust of government is what it’s all about
Distrust, then verify: Why immigration reform can’t be rushed
Diversity in newsrooms stagnates
Divide deepens among Democrats over Iran
Divided government requires bipartisan negotiation
Division among Republicans on Gang of Eight?
Divisions between grassroots Democrats and Republicans made the shutdown inevitable
Do Crimeans actually want to join Russia?
Do Democrats really have young voters locked up?
Do Democrats really want to “fix” Obamacare?
Do Legos need anger management help?
Do Republicans need a conservative version of the welfare state to win?
Do Republicans really want lower spending or not?
Do anti-drug PSAs work?
Do atheists really believe in God?
Do atheists exist?
Do circumcision bans protect kids’ rights or infringe on parents’?
Do conservatives actually want to win elections?
Do demographics really work against the GOP?
Do doodles tell us anything about a president?
Do facts even matter anymore in public policy?
Do libertarians want a world without moral judgments?
Do marriage and parenthood make people more conservative about women and families?
Do millennials still believe in the American dream?
Do older people have more body odor?
Do sex strikes really work?
Do tablets and smartphones help or hinder child development?
Do the Benghazi and IRS scandals have “legs”?
Do the Obama scandals help or hurt the rest of his agenda?
Do we have any options in Syria?
Do we know whether pornography harms people?
Do we need a court to vet drone strikes?
Do we on the right still trust the American people?
Do we really need an Air Force?
Do we want to know if there are more doctors like Gosnell?
Do women really have it better in Sweden?
Do you believe polls?
Do you trust this man?
Do your hormones determine if you’re a Republican or Democrat?
Do zoos really teach visitors anything?
Doctor threatens to call cops on woman if she doesn’t have emergency C-section
Doctors already make more than enough money
Doctors are concerned about new pay scales under ObamaCare
Doctors boycotting California’s ObamaCare exchange
Doctors brace for ObamaCare’s surge of ailing patients
Doctors figuring out that comparison shopping for medical tests can lower costs
Doctors warn: Designer genitals are ruining our idea of what women’s bodies should look like
Document: IRS ordered conservative educational group to turn over a list of high school and college students it trained
Documents released by White House shed light on U.S. surveillance programs
Documents reveal NSA’s extensive involvement in drone program
Documents: Anti-Redskins Indian leader not a legitimate member of his tribe
Dodge the draft, America
Does America really need another war in the Mideast?
Does Boehner even have the votes to replace the sequester?
Does Boehner trust Obama or doesn’t he?
Does CPR work?
Does Canada own the North Pole?
Does China have undue influence over western academia?
Does Congress really need to give Obama more power over sequestration?
Does Florida have enough doctors for a Medicaid expansion?
Does Hagel have enough support to clear the Senate? The White House thinks so
Does Harry Reid genuinely like Rand Paul?
Does Hillary Clinton’s enthusiasm for profit extend beyond her own earnings?
Does Hillary’s partnership with Univision cross a line?
Does Hollywood have a foreign policy?
Does John Boehner still want to be Speaker?
Does John Kerry matter?
Does McCain matter?
Does Obama have a Harry Reid problem?
Does Obama have a plan for Syria?
Does Obama have a second-term strategy?
Does Obama have the authority to kill Americans?
Does Obama have the right to change his mind on Syria?
Does Obama know what he’s doing with Egypt?
Does Obama think he can order hits on Americans inside the U.S.?
Does Phil Robertson get the Bible wrong?
Does Piers Morgan believe in free speech?
Does Rubio have a future as a national candidate?
Does Rubio really want the immigration bill to pass?
Does Russia really want Crimea — and does Crimea really want Russia?
Does Spitzer still have a political future?
Does Ted Cruz support a bill that would legalize illegals?
Does anybody care if Assad used chemical weapons again?
Does anyone in the media care that the hardcore left is protesting Obama’s Syria plan?
Does anyone really still want their MTV?
Does austerity kill? A look at 17,679 things the government has done since sequestration
Does being overweight help during a car accident?
Does environmentalism cause amnesia?
Does hook-up culture hurt women?
Does it matter what motivated the Boston bombers?
Does it still pay to go to college?
Does online advocacy really work?
Does opposing gay marriage make you a bigot? No
Does power make you mean?
Does religious faith make people work harder?
Does smoking pot cause man boobs?
Does the GOP really have to pass immigration reform?
Does the Obama administration understand how the insurance market works?
Does the U.S. really need supersized megabanks?
Does the United States have a “responsibility to protect” the Syrian people?
Does the right need a Rachel Maddow?
Does the world need a “Vatican Spring”?
Does welfare cause terrorism?
Dogs are people, too
Dog’s best friend? Robots, if we’re not careful
Doing nothing in Syria is bad news for U.S. interests
Doing nothing in Syria is riskier than getting involved
Doing the decent thing after scandal
Dolphin-assisted birth: The worst idea ever?
Domestic surveillance could create a divide in the 2016 primaries
Domino’s Pizza founder wins court order blocking HHS’s abortion coverage mandate
Donors’ frustration with GOP mounts
Don’t arm the Syria maniacs
Don’t attack conservative candidates — train them
Don’t be fooled by Iran’s charming new leader
Don’t be fooled: The United States is already knee-deep in the Syrian quagmire
Don’t believe the Christie hype: His economic record is poor
Don’t blame Boehner for House dysfunction
Don’t blame Congress for keeping Gitmo open, blame Obama
Don’t blame climate change for extreme weather
Don’t bury the elephant
Don’t count Christie out
Don’t dare call ObamaCare “redistribution”
Don’t expect Ukraine to end up divided
Don’t expect college athletes to unionize anytime soon
Don’t extend unemployment benefits
Don’t fear the leaker
Don’t forget about Paul Ryan for 2016
Don’t forget to pay your “use tax”
Don’t forget Jeb
Don’t get your hopes up. Syria might be adopting the North Korea playbook.
Don’t get your operation on a Thursday
Don’t hold your breath on China taking over the world
Don’t let Putin grab Ukraine
Don’t let Uncle Sam decide who’s a “journalist”
Don’t mythologize Christopher Dorner
Don’t quit yet, Weiner
Don’t read too much into the FL-13 results
Don’t read too much into the GOP’s new love for libertarians
Don’t rule out anything
Don’t sacrifice Iranian human rights for a nuclear deal
Don’t save Detroit. Sell it.
Don’t say goodbye. Just ghost.
Don’t talk to the Taliban
Don’t these Republicans want to pass immigration reform and win some elections?
Don’t track me, bro: The perils of gas by GPS
Don’t undermine the Iran deal
Don’t worry about what’s happening in Cyprus
Don’t worry: World War III will almost certainly never happen
Don’t you Americans care how the world sees you?
Don’t “reset” with Putin, crack down on him
Don’t cave
Doom scenarios for U.S. budget cuts may be overplayed
Door may open for challenge to secret wiretaps
Double standards: Democratic aide brings gun into courthouse, receives ticket
Doubling down on ObamaCare in Vermont
Doubts about Common Core
Dow 15,000 and the big disconnect
Down the New York Times’s Benghazi rabbit hole
Down the drain: How the feds flushed $833 billion in stimulus
Down with the living wage
Dozens of lawmakers, staff thinking of leaving D.C. — for fear that their premiums will skyrocket under ObamaCare
Dr. Ben Carson for president? “I’ll leave that up to God”
Dr. Ben Carson, the new conservative folk hero
Dr. Carson is a good remedy for what ails the U.S.
Dr. Carson’s prescription
Drafting Reagan for every war
Drawing an Al Qaeda red line in Syria
Drawing on the Pope’s face
Dream scenario for GOP: Dr. Ben Carson for president
Dreaming of President Ted Cruz will lead to a GOP nightmare
Driverless cars? Not so fast
Driving tip: If you’re in Russia, watch out for “The Punisher”
Drone on, Mr. President
Drone pilots found to develop stress disorders as much as combat pilots do
Drone strikes: What would Machiavelli do?
Drones and the panopticon state
Drones are too slow to kill terrorists
Drones save lives
Drones: A weapon that needs a holster
Drug agents use vast phone trove, eclipsing the NSA’s
Duck Dynasty: The show that got away from them
Duck Dynasty’s Phil Robertson shows what’s wrong with conservatives
Dude
Dude(?)
Dude?
Dumb and dumber: No, the U.S. shouldn’t suspend aid to Egypt
Dumb, uneducated, and eager to deceive: Media on religious liberty
Dumbing down the SAT
Duneboggle: The media loved Christie’s previous traffic jam
Dunn and dumber: Reports of Fox News’s death are greatly exaggerated
Dyslexia isn’t a disability, it’s a gift
Dyslexia isn’t a disease, it’s an excuse for bad teachers
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev says brother’s widow wasn’t involved in bombing
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should not face the death penalty
E pluribus duo: America is becoming two nations, one English-speaking and one Spanish-speaking
E-Verify a possible “bargaining chip” in Gang of Eight debate
E-cigarettes bring smokers back inside — for now
E-cigarettes: A path to tobacco, or from it?
E-jihad: My week in the online terror underworld
E-mails suggest collusion between FEC, IRS to target conservative groups
ENDA is a bad idea
EU ends weapons embargo on Syrian opposition
EU plans to fit all cars with speed limiters
EU to Britain: Your welfare payments to immigrants are too generous
EU to ban olive oil jugs from restaurant tables for some reason
Early clues: Boston Marathon bombs had simple but harmful design
Early days of ObamaCare bring trickle, not flood, of patients
Early retirement, courtesy of ObamaCare
Earnest atheists look for God
Easing China’s one-child policy won’t stop its demographic decline
Easter with atheists
Eat your words, Debbie Wasserman-Schultz
Eating dirt: The benefits of being (relatively) filthy
Eating ice cream with Al Qaeda in Syria
Economic malpractice: The stagnation president
Economic populism is a dead end for Democrats
Economic populism, not Gang of Eight immigration reform, will boost GOP’s future
Economist: Tis the season to break up
Economists in the dark
Economy’s growth in fourth quarter of last year was slower than thought
Ecuador warned: Asylum for Edward Snowden would jeopardize millions in trade
Ecuadorean president: Helping Snowden was a mistake
Ed Asner explains Hollywood’s silence on Syria: “[They] don’t want to feel anti-black”
Ed Schultz flips on Keystone XL: “I turn this night, on this program. I was wrong.”
Ed Schultz moving to weekends on MSNBC
Ed Schultz: Employee-stiffing, tax-dodging man of the people
Editors of National Review and the Weekly Standard: Kill the bill
Edward Snowden and the selective targeting of leaks
Edward Snowden and the strongmen who love him
Edward Snowden can get a fair trial in the U.S. Here’s how.
Edward Snowden is a ridiculous narcissist
Edward Snowden is no hero
Edward Snowden releases “A Manifesto for Truth”
Edward Snowden steals the show
Edward Snowden won’t (and shouldn’t) get clemency
Edward Snowden, after months of NSA revelations, says his mission is accomplished
Edward Snowden, the impulsive “martyr”
Edward Snowden, the insufferable whistleblower
Edward Snowden, the last of the human spies
Edward Snowden: I mistakenly believed in Obama’s promises
Edward Snowden: Saving us from the United Stasi of America
Edward Snowden: the whistleblower behind revelations of NSA surveillance
Edward Snowden’s five dubious options for getting to Venezuela
Edward Snowden’s misplaced idealism
Effort to change immigration law sparks internal battle within GOP
Effort to recall Bob Filner begins today
Efforts to recall Bob Filner could take months to play out
Egypt aid cut-off is a poisoned chalice
Egypt army chief Sisi says he will run for president
Egypt could become the next Iran
Egypt crisis finds Washington largely ambivalent and aloof
Egypt declares Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group
Egypt doesn’t matter anymore
Egypt fumes over cuts in U.S. aid
Egypt in chaos: More than 100 killed, 1,000 injured in pro-Morsi protests
Egypt liberals, leftists rejects exclusion of Islamists
Egypt needs our help, now more than ever
Egypt on the brink
Egypt orders arrest of famous satirist for insulting Morsi, Islam
Egypt prepares for backlash as Morsi allies reject new regime
Egypt rebukes foreign press for “biased” coverage
Egypt redux? Tunisia on the brink
Egypt revolt reflects ebbing Islamist sway
Egypt seen to give nod toward jihadis on Syria
Egypt should adopt the U.S. Constitution as its model
Egypt to tourists: Booze and bikinis are still welcome here
Egypt: A society on the verge of chaos
Egypt: Back to the intifada
Egypt: It’s come to this
Egyptian Christian leader: “Shame on Obama”
Egyptian Islamists call for intifada as they vow to fight for Morsi
Egyptian Sunnis protest against warming Egypt-Iran ties
Egyptian army: We’re ready to die to protect the nation and the people
Egyptian court suspends YouTube over Mohammed movie
Egyptian general ousted by Morsi returns — and leads the crackdown on the Muslim Brotherhood
Egyptian government: We are totally committed to freedom of expression
Egyptian judge orders Morsi jailed for 15 days
Egyptian liberals call for crackdown against pro-Morsi sit-ins
Egyptian liberals embrace the military, brooking no dissent
Egyptian military arrests Zawahiri’s brother
Egyptian military reasserts its allegiance — to its own privileges
Egyptian opposition to boycott new parliamentary vote
Egyptian president: We’re rethinking who our “real friends” are
Egyptian recipient of State Dep’t award speaks: I refuse to apologize to the Zionist lobby for my tweets
Egyptian schoolgirl gunned down while walking home from Bible study class
Egyptian secularists can’t harvest opposition to Muslim Brotherhood to gain traction
Egyptians are convinced Obama is backing the Muslim Brotherhood
Egyptians believe Morsi in cahoots with U.S., Israel
Egyptians hail military order as calm returns to the streets
Egypt’s Brotherhood won’t work with “usurper” government
Egypt’s Christians facing a backlash from the Morsi ouster
Egypt’s Coptic Christians say they’re no longer safe
Egypt’s Coptic pope blasts Islamist president over handling of recent sectarian violence
Egypt’s Islamists must have a place in a restored democracy
Egypt’s Islamists rally to show Morsi support — and warn opponents
Egypt’s Morsi to stand trial on charges of “inciting killing and thuggery”
Egypt’s Tamarod movement: Cancel peace deal with Israel
Egypt’s anti-Islamists eye fellow Arabs with suspicion
Egypt’s arrests of Islamists pose test to U.S. over military aid
Egypt’s blood, America’s complicity
Egypt’s brusied Brotherhood fails to how street power
Egypt’s cabinet to debate fate of Muslim Brotherhood
Egypt’s fundamentalist Salafist party to help draft new constitution
Egypt’s liberals ponder return to military rule
Egypt’s myopic democrats gave up on democracy too soon
Egypt’s new constitution is another step back towards authoritarianism
Egypt’s new leaders press media to muzzle dissent
Egypt’s new military leader has an Islamist agenda of his own
Egypt’s new president says Brotherhood “part of nation”
Egypt’s newest problem: Droogs
Egypt’s new pharaoh
Egypt’s path to a better future
Egypt’s preferable tyranny
Egypt’s solution to total collapse: War with Israel?
Egypt’s ticking population bomb
Egypt’s ultraconservative Salafists see an opening in Morsi’s ouster
Egypt’s unraveling: Meet the gangs and vigilantes who thrive under Morsi
Eight charts: Why Texas isn’t going blue anytime soon
Eight steps Obama must take to punish Russia
Eight things we won’t miss when pot is legal everywhere
Eight ways to opt out of ObamaCare
Eight years after London bombings, Britain forms extremism task force
Eight-year-old killed in Boston bombing was waiting to hug dad at finish line
El Paso, America’s safest big city, undermines Chicago’s case for gun control
ElBaradei on Egypt: This isn’t a coup, it’s a recall
Elections are not democracy
Electric cars up in flames: A list
Electric lingerie would be a shock for rapists
Electromagnetic pulse caucus in House battles to save the planet
Eleven people across UK arrested for making “racist or anti-religious” social-media comments about Woolwich attack
Eleven pieces of ObamaCare conventional wisdom that shouldn’t be so conventional
Eleven years later, North Korean defector still in thrall to Kims’ propaganda
Eliot Spitzer is nothing like Anthony Weiner
Eliot Spitzer isn’t sorry. Not really.
Eliot Spitzer: I’m a feminist
Eliot Spitzer’s comeback isn’t a joke — it’s scary
Elisabeth Hasselbeck leaving “The View” to co-host “Fox & Friends”
Elite team of NSA hackers said to “get the ungettable” with Bond-style tactics
Elite units in U.S. military to admit women
Elizabeth O’Bagy vouched for rebel group that depicted burning U.S. Capitol
Elizabeth Warren isn’t running for president, top financial backer tells Democrats
Elizabeth Warren sounds like a presidential candidate
Elizabeth Warren, minimum-wage champion, pays her interns $0/hour
Elizabeth Warren, hard-liner
Elizabeth Warren: Not ready for presidential prime time
Email shows White House had “fear” HealthCare.Gov wouldn’t work before launch
Embracing the imperial presidency
Emerging Senate budget deal would be a victory for Big Labor
Emerging immigration deal receives House leaders’ bipartisan backing
Employer mandate delay won’t change Republicans’ 2014 strategy
Empowering party leaders at the expense of the grassroots won’t work for the GOP
End food stamps, with a caveat
End of the American dream: Four of five in U.S. face near-poverty, no work
End of the line for Mary Landrieu?
End the NSA dragnet now
End this bizarre fantasy of a comeback, Anthony Weiner
Endgame: GOP Sen. Richard Shelby to vote yes on Hagel
Ending NSA surveillance is not the answer
Ending the war on pot is Obama’s last chance for a legacy
Energy of Russian meteor was equal to 30 atomic bombs
Enforcement, then amnesty, on immigration
English has a new preposition, because Internet
English physicist: Time travel is possible, but only to the future
Enlisting companies to invest in veterans
Enough about “the children”: We need a better argument against the national debt
Enough pot happy talk
Enough with the Kumbaya Olympics. Let’s keep wrestling.
Enough with the fertility panics
Enough with the gay mania
Enrollees in ObamaCare exchanges struggle to prove coverage
Enrollment errors cut, officials say; fixes are overstated, insurers report
Enthusiasts encourage more women to give hunting a shot
Entrepreneurs turn oligarchs
Environmentalist killjoys still pretending that this is the worst time in history to live on Earth
Enzi vs. Cheney: Abandon an old friend or tarnish a rising star?
Epic fail: Where four state ObamaCare exchanges went wrong
Equal opportunity is a national myth
Erasing history in the Internet era
Erdogan may have miscalculated with this week’s brutal crackdown in Turkey
Erdogan-pal Obama fails Turkey’s democracy too
Erdogan: Netanyahu’s apology shows Turkey’s new clout
Erdogan’s crackdown clears Turkish protesters from Istanbul square
Eric Cantor calls for GOP unity
Eric Cantor rips media for “shoving us in a corner”
Eric Cantor: “No one is advocating a government shutdown”
Eric Cantor’s empty, happy talk
Eric Holder is giving Justice a bad name
Eric Holder tightens rules on getting reporters’ data
Eric Holder to accord more recognition to gay couples in federal law enforcement
Eric Holder to the media: Hey, I get it
Eric Holder vs. Martin Luther King Jr.
Eric Holder, Obama’s human shield
Eric Holder, our contemptuous attorney general, must resign
Eric Holder: We might still charge George Zimmerman
Eric Holder’s 2014 racial politics
Eric Holder’s boilerplate “remorse”
Eric Holder’s wife co-owns abortion clinic building run by indicted abortionist in Georgia
Eric Holder’s abdication
Erickson, Sullivan, and what “bigots” deserve
Errors continue to plague federal ObamaCare website
Errors now affecting as many as one-third of Healthcare.gov applications
Escalation: Muslim Brotherhood offices torched in Cairo
Escalation: North Korea shuts last remaining hotline to the South
Escalation: Syrian rebels threaten to hit Hezbollah targets in Lebanon
Escape from ObamaCare
Escort says Menendez prostitution claims were made up
Espionage porn
Esquire article wrongly claims that SEAL who killed bin Laden is denied health care
Establishment GOP vs. grassroots: Civil war or growing pains?
Establishment Republicans assail tea partiers on shutdown
Establishment Republicans warn: We can’t let immigration reform fail
Europe is burning, slowly
Europe is getting increasingly angry and nationalist
Europe loses trust in Obama
Europe must protect itself from Obama’s soft totalitarianism
Europe weighs gender quotas for corporate management
Europeans flummoxed, worried by U.S. government shutdown
Europe’s leaders should boycott Putin’s Olympic ceremony
Europol investigation finds suspected fixing in 689 soccer matches
Eva Longoria, Michelle Obama team up to get people to drink more water
Evangelical leaders support a path to citizenship
Evangelical pastors ready to mobilize for 2014 election: “America has left God”
Evangelicals may be key to immigration reform
Evangelicals should back Obama on gun control and climate change too
Even Beijing not completely sure how gigantic its local-government debt load is
Even Huma’s pals plead: Stop the campaign!
Even Lady Gaga knows pot isn’t harmless
Even NBC noticing that ObamaCare has forced businesses to cut employee hours
Even NSA defenders are getting fed up
Even Paul Ryan can’t please conservatives anymore
Even a hawk like me can support defense cuts
Even after website improvements, ObamaCare’s exchanges get poor marks from uninsured
Even before bridge lane closings, the Port Authority was a Christie tool
Even delaying ObamaCare vexes divided GOP
Even doctors in dark on health plans
Even in Snowden-friendly Brazil, asylum may be a bridge too far
Even in a U.S. government shutdown, Obamacare exchanges could function
Even larger spending cuts would help the economy
Even liberals are gettting nervous about ObamaCare
Even the best JFK conspiracy theories don’t stand up to scrutiny
Even the pros are struggling with the new health exchanges
Even with U.S. guns, Syria’s rebels might lose
Even without “Stand Your Ground,” Zimmerman’s acquittal was likely
Ever notice that Obama follows the same SOTU script every year?
Everyone calm down about the iPhone’s fingerprint scanner
Everyone knows politicians lie. Why don’t reporters say so?
Everyone on the couch: How today’s psychiatry undermines morality and self-reliance
Everyone spies: Intelligence insiders shrug amid outrage over U.S. snooping allegations
Everyone won the government shutdown
Everyone’s on the hook for Obama’s “red line” comments. Except Obama.
Everything you know about Matthew Shepard is wrong
Everything you wanted to know about Bronycon but were afraid to ask
Evict the rich, white liberals for geographic justice
Evidence points toward solving evolutionary “missing link”
Evolution in reverse: How did mites get less specialized?
Ex-CIA Director Hayden floats drone “death panel”
Ex-CIA analyst expects North Korea to attack South Korea before the end
Ex-CIA official: Snowden was probably questioned by the Russians
Ex-Cincy IRS official doubts agency’s explanation for Tea Party scandal
Ex-Hezbollah chief slams group’s Syria intervention
Ex-Microsoft exec to create first national marijuana brand
Ex-girlfriend of Kim Jong Un executed by firing squad
Ex-minister: Egypt has less than two months of imported wheat left
Exceptionally well preserved woolly mammoth goes on display in Japan
Exclusive: CIA files prove America helped Saddam as he gassed Iran
Exclusive: Documents reveal domestic spying practices of Ecuador, Snowden’s safe haven
Exclusive: Healthcare.gov users warn of security risk, breach of privacy
Exclusive: Hundreds of U.S. security clearance records falsified, federal cases show
Exclusive: IRS manual detailed DEA’s use of hidden intel evidence
Exclusive: McCain slips across border into Syria, meets with rebels
Exclusive: Obama orders curbs on NSA spying on UN headquarters
Exclusive: Obama’s secret Iran detente
Exclusive: Police probe possible links between terrorism suspect and Boston bombing
Exclusive: Syria chemical weapons mission funded only through this month
Exclusive: Syria has shipped out less than 5 percent of chemical weapons
Exclusive: Thousands of HealthCare.gov sign-ups didn’t make it to insurers
Exclusive: U.S. directs agents to cover up program used to investigate Americans
Exclusive: U.S. may have let dozens of terrorists into the country as refugees
Exclusive: U.S. official in July feared HealthCare.gov “crash”
Exclusive: Whistleblower says State Department trying to bully her into silence
Exclusive: White House official fired for tweeting under fake name
Exclusive: With Muslim Brotherhood crushed, Egypt sets sights on Hamas
Excuse me? GOP to blame for ObamaCare?
Excuses, excuses from the conservative wing for its election failures
Execution of Kim’s uncle raises doubts about his grip on North Korea
Executions stall as states seek different drugs
Expand the House of Representatives? A bigger Congress would just make more noise
Expert symposium: Can Syria’s chemical arsenal be destroyed?
Expert warns terrorists may be setting wildfires
Expert who traveled with Syrian rebels: So-called “moderates” are Muslim Brotherhood-style Islamists
Expert: Healthcare.gov security even worse after “fix”
Expert: Photos contradict claim of Syrian chemical weapons attack
Expert: U.S. now locked in cyberwar arms race with China, Russia
Experts claim selfies are giving teens head lice
Experts fear that U.S. plan to strike Syria overlooks the risks
Experts increasingly contemplate end of smoking
Experts not seeing much hope for the millions getting priced out of the health overhaul
Experts question death penalty for forced miscarriages in Cleveland kidnappng case
Experts say iPhone’s new fingerprint security feature can be hacked
Experts to Obama: Here is what to do in Syria
Experts warn of serious threat of coming cybercrime
Experts: $93 million ObamaCare website may face months of glitches
Experts: Boys also harmed by teen “hook-up culture”
Experts: CO2 record illustrates “scary” trend
Experts: Chinese cyberspies have hacked most Washington institutions
Experts: Cuba, North Korea’s explanation for arms shipment is … troubling
Experts: Cyberattack on Florida election is first in U.S. history
Experts: Cyberattacks are getting increasingly powerful
Experts: Feds’ case vs. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev has holes
Experts: It’ll be tough to make a perjury charge against Holder stick
Experts: New ACLU lawsuit against NSA could dodge usual pitfalls
Experts: Sugary drinks could be causing 200,000 deaths a year worldwide
Experts: U.S. government failed to secure Healthcare.gov
Exposing the secret U.S. banking operations that fund suicide bombings
Extending a hand abroad, Obama often finds a cold shoulder
Extending benefits helps individuals but increases joblessness
Extending un-canceled plans: Another twist in the ObamaCare pretzel
Extension of unemployment benefits blocked in Senate
Extreme marriage experiment proves it’s better to be right than be happy
Eyeing 2016, Ted Cruz aims to seize DeMint mantle
Eyeing grassroots, GOP Senate candidates embrace shutdown threat
Eyeing nuclear response, Senate GOP fears playing into Reid’s hands
Eyewitness: Tsarnaev dragged brother 30 feet under car during escape attempt
FAA risks losing drone war
FBI deemed agents faultless in 150 shootings
FBI efforts to assist Sochi Olympics limited by Russians
FBI has received aviation clearance for at least four domestic drone operations
FBI hasn’t contacted a single tea party group in IRS probe, groups say
FBI informant: The blind sheikh will try to kill Americans again if released
FBI knew earlier of Boston bombing suspect
FBI never followed up on older Tsarnaev after mystery trip last year to Russia
FBI quietly drops “law enforcement” as its primary mission
FBI releases three, then re-arrests two at Boston-area apartment complex
FBI said to find it could not have averted the Boston bombing
FBI still hasn’t contacted tea-party groups about IRS investigation
FBI to Rand Paul: Domestic drone surveillance doesn’t require a warrant
FBI warns about Americans joining Islamic fighters in Syria
FBI warns of U.S. government breaches by Anonymous hackers
FCC votes to end sports blackout rule
FDA approves morning-after pill access to 15-year-olds without a prescription
FDR and Reagan re-writes: “Infamy” and “ash heap”
FISA and PRISM: A catalogue of journalistic malfeasance
FISA court defends NSA surveillance decisions
FLOTUS to Dem donors: Don’t forget to max out
FOIA suit reveals Guantanamo Bay’s “indefinite detainees”
Face it, ObamaCare is inevitable
Face it, the U.S. is headed for intervention in Syria
Face it: Everybody spies
Face it: Monogamy is unnatural
Face it: Privacy is dead
Face to face with the Syrian rebels’ heart-eating cannibal
Facebook admits “mistake” in blocking Fox News Radio commentator
Facebook mobs and the death of individuality
Facebook post said to be by Assad’s son dares Americans to attack
Facebook releases data on national-security requests
Facing government shutdown, Obama’s party can’t bank on 1996 mythology
Facing tough times, more Czechs long for Communist return
Fact check: Chris Christie vs. Rand Paul
Fact check: Have more Americans lost insurance under ObamaCare than gained it?
Fact check: The bogus claim that Obama is closing the Vatican embassy
Failed Cory Booker foe lashes out at national Republicans over his defeat
Failed Navy SEALs raid on Somali target could bolster Al Shabab
Faith at the finish line in Boston
Faith-based negotiations: When liberals meet mullahs
Fake is real on the Gang of Eight vote
Fake sign-language interpreted at Mandela memorial was accused of rape, murder in the past
Fallujah could be Al Qaeda’s Waterloo
Fallujah, Al Qaeda, and American sacrifice
Familiarize yourself with the Marissa Alexander case before the media misinforms you
Families are off-limits — unless they’re Republican
Family Research Council: Don’t send a dime to the GOP until it clarifies its position on social issues
Family meltdown and economic decline
Fans sue arena after video reveals large and small beers are same size
Fantastic news: Official in charge during tea-party targeting now runs … IRS’s ObamaCare office
Farewell to Henry Waxman, maker of bad laws
Farewell, policymaking: The season of congressional show votes is upon us
Farm bill failure shows how pointless Senate immigration debate is
Farmer’s Almanac predicts a “bitterly cold” winter
Fascism and socialism: Still not opposites
Fascism by the numbers: The thuggish majoritarianism of the Obama-era left
Fast food workers striking across 60 cities
Fast-food workers call for nationwide walkout on August 29
Faster than the speed of light?
Fasting for immigration reform: Strikers go hungry in push for change
Fat people are being coddled by Hollywood and the PC police
Fatal mercies: The right to die
Fate of Detroit’s art hangs in the balance
Fate of Libya’s “yellowcake” uranium still up in the air
Father of the year: Bill Clinton?
Father who beat rapist to death for molesting daughter won’t face charges
Fault lines loom for “dominant” Dem majority
Faulty websites confront needy in search of aid
Fear and loathing at Wellesley
Fear of assassinations haunt Egypt opposition
Fear of sequester growing among state governments
Fears of a new jihadi haven as foreign fighters stream into Syria
Fears of civil war in Iraq after 1,000 are killed in a month
Fears of social breakdown as gambling explodes in Italy
Fears of wounding Obama weigh heavily on Dems ahead of vote
Fecundophobia: The growing fear of children and fertile women
Fed government to recognize same-sex couples’ New Mexico marriages
Fed up moderate Republicans to launch strike on Club for Growth
Fed up with Congress? Then help elect more Republican women
Fed: No tapering of quantitative easing yet
Federal appeals court blocks ruling on stop-and-frisk due to district court judge’s partiality
Federal appeals court ruling may force California prisons to hire witches
Federal appeals court: There’s no Second Amendment right to concealed carry
Federal case against Zimmerman would face obstacles
Federal court grants Hobby Lobby stay against feds’ contraception mandate
Federal court orders Ohio officials to recognize gay marriage licensed in Maryland
Federal court rules North Carolina “Choose Life” license plate unconstitutional
Federal gun charges decline despite Obama executive action
Federal health exchange sending confusing enrollment information to insurers
Federal judge declares parts of Utah’s polygamy law unconstitutional
Federal judge delays North Dakota abortion law
Federal judge orders 10-year-old Sarah Murnaghan added to adult lung-transplant list
Federal judge strikes down Virginia ban on gay marriage
Federal judge: Abortion restrictions under new Texas law are unconstitutional
Federal judge: Commercial drones are completely legal
Federal judge: NYC’s stop-and-frisk policy violates Fourth Amendment
Federal judge: When one partner is dying, same-sex couples should be able to marry early
Federal nullification efforts mounting in states
Federal prison population grows 27 percent in 10 years
Federal scandals should increase our skepticism of the Gang of Eight
Federal tax collections to hit record high
Feds ask Blue Cross Blue Shield in North Dakota not to release exchange numbers
Feds confiscate investigative reporter’s confidential files during raid
Feds hunted for Snowden in days before NSA programs went public
Feds investigating possible human trafficking at Saudi diplomatic compound in Virginia
Feds mull law that would fine tech companies for not complying with government wiretap requests
Feds offering insurers “assistance” to let people keep un-canceled plans
Feds reviewed only one bid for ObamaCare website design?
Feds say just one car out of 100 will be electric in 2040
Feds search landfill for Boston suspect’s laptop
Feds tell web firms to turn over user account passwords
Feds threaten to arrest Lavabit founder for shutting down his service
Feds to boost risk payments to insurers in 2014 in wake of Obama’s ObamaCare “fix”
Feds to charge Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell and wife over gift scandal
Feds: More time needed to indict Tsarnaev
Fed’s plan to taper stimulus not expected until next year
Feebleness in the executive
Feelgood story of the day: The Cornhuskers’ secret weapon
Feinstein, Leahy push for court oversight of armed drone strikes
Feinstein: Reid not bringing assault weapons ban to a vote a “major betrayal of trust”
Fellow Republicans, we need to stop being so negative
Fellow liberals, let the states do it
Feminist theories offer cold comfort at 40
Feminists, accept it: The Patriarchy is dead
Few signs that the feared sequester has hurt job growth
Fifth IRS employee to be interviewed in probe of tea-party targeting
Fifty years later, the war on poverty is a mixed bag
Fifty years of failing America’s mentally ill
Fight over ObamaCare brings the parties’ congressional agendas to a standstill
Fight poverty the conservative way
Fighting a hostile takeover of freedom’s party
Filibuster lifts White House mood
Fill ‘er up — with natural gas
Filner asks city of San Diego to pay for his legal fees for sexual harassment lawsuit
Final tally: Americans were 12 times more interested in Miley Cyrus than Syria
Finally, a nation legalizes pot
Finally, an exoplanet with clouds
Finally: A children’s book of classic R-rated movie scenes
Finally: A cure for jet lag?
Finally: A job site for good-looking people only
Finally: A megastore for monks
Finally: A real Spidey-sense suit
Finally: A robot tongue that can identify different brands of beer by taste
Finally: Al Gore goes vegan
Finally: An analytical study of “geeks” versus “nerds”
Finally: Area 51 officially acknowledged
Finally: Beer-flavored jelly beans
Finally: CNN to pull the plug on Piers Morgan
Finally: Caffeinated shaving cream
Finally: Chess boxing
Finally: Chocolate toothpaste
Finally: George W. Bush’s paintings to be exhibited
Finally: MIT researchers design the world’s toughest tongue twister
Finally: Marijuana-flavored mayo
Finally: McDonald’s considering all-day breakfast
Finally: Medical marijuana for pets
Finally: Mitt Romney slow-jams the news
Finally: Obama to sign up for ObamaCare today
Finally: Power laces from “Back to the Future II” are coming next year
Finally: Rare, smelly, “huge deformed penis” flower in bloom in Brussels
Finally: Robot bartender
Finally: Science defines booty calls, one-night stands
Finally: Scientists build tricorder
Finally: Scientists discover how to get catchy songs out of your head
Finally: Self-cleaning plates
Finally: Self-healing computer chips
Finally: Spray-on clothing
Finally: Sunglasses that cure colorblindness
Finally: Test-tube-grown hamburgers
Finally: The $15 million iPhone
Finally: The 3-D pizza printer
Finally: The AARP dating site
Finally: The Ginger Pride Walk
Finally: The Liberal Gun Club
Finally: The Obama prom photos
Finally: The anti-drone hoodie
Finally: The atheist/believer Times Square billboard war
Finally: The chocolate room
Finally: The crash-proof computer?
Finally: The paperless library
Finally: The semiautomatic smart rifle
Finally: The spellchecking pen
Finally: The yawn-activated coffee machine
Finally: The “McEverything”
Finally: Voynich Manuscript partially decoded by professor
Finally: WH launches Joe Biden reality show
Finally: Wine for cats
Finally: Yacht hotel
Finally: Zombie perfume
Finally: “Dark matter” found?
Finally: “Death cafes”
Finally: “You’re not invited to my wedding” alerts
Find a man today, graduate tomorrow
Finding a new villain in the Chris Christie drama
Finding the good in an uninspiring year
Fire Eric Holder
Fire James Clapper
Fire the crackpots of Congress! (And replace them with new crackpots!)
Fired Christie aide hints that immunity would release her emails
Fire Sebelius
Firing of Christie aide echoes earlier dismissal of former education chief Schundler
First lady: A feeble, sexist, and outdated job
First lady: Obama should have been an architect
First look: The amendment that could decide the fate of immigration reform
First round of Syria talks end without achieving even modest goals
First they came for Fox News
First, defund Obamaphones
Five Republicans who could succeed Boehner as Speaker
Five big consequences of the president’s call to let Congress decide
Five charts showing why Americans aren’t eager for intervention in Syria
Five depressing thoughts about arming the Syrian rebels
Five different scenarios for ObamaCare delay
Five jaw-dropping gimmicks in President Obama’s budget
Five killed in clash between Christians and Muslims near Cairo
Five leadership lessons on Syria and military power for CINC Obama
Five myths about House Republicans
Five myths about Obama’s drone war
Five myths about the National Security Agency
Five myths about libertarians
Five new digital tools the Republicans used in the Florida special to boost their campaign
Five non-parallels between ObamaCare and Katrina
Five people Obama could fire over ObamaCare
Five potential “border surge” pitfalls
Five questions on the IRS debacle
Five reasons Israel won’t attack Iran
Five reasons Jeb Bush would make a strong presidential contender
Five reasons not to bet on Marco Rubio for 2016
Five reasons not to take Joe Biden’s presidential ambitions seriously
Five reasons not to trust Iran on nukes, new “moderate” president or not
Five reasons the NSA scandal ain’t all that
Five reasons to grant amnesty to illegal immigrants
Five reasons why CPAC should embrace GOProud
Five reasons why Christie’s best days are over
Five reasons why ObamaCare is still a problem for Democrats in 2014
Five reasons why Rubio might not run for president
Five reasons why focus on scandals is unlikely to backfire on GOP
Five rules for Edward Snowden
Five scenes from a sequestered America
Five signs Ted Cruz will run for president
Five things Obama must do to avoid lame-duck status
Five things ObamaCare won’t do
Five things they don’t want you to know about conspiracy theories
Five things to know about the dire state of student debt in America
Five things to look for now in ObamaCare website fix
Five things to watch during the Sanford/Bostic returns
Five things you didn’t know about Dr. Ben Carson
Five ways China could become a democracy
Five ways Ukraine may be a game-changer
Five ways the NSA can regain Americans’ trust
Five ways the “defund ObamaCare” crusade hurts Republicans
Five ways to rescue liberal talk radio (but it won’t be easy)
Five ways to rig a debate
Five years after stimulus, Obama says it worked
Five years later, Democrats still blame Bush
Five years later, still no firm answers on what caused the financial crisis
Fixing the mandate from hell
Flashback: When Democrats swore they would never back gay marriage
Flight delays as political strategy
Flights to Paris among reasons why members of Congress missing classified intel briefing
Flood of consumer inquiries could make – or break – Obama health law
Flop: Intense WH outreach campaign to Congress fails to persuade virtually anyone
Florida GOP leaders politicized the Trayvon Martin case too
Florida conservatives want to recall Rubio — but first, they have to pass a law making it possible
Florida legislators vote down special session on “Stand Your Ground” law
Florida polls: Hillary leads both Rubio and Jeb Bush
Florida race shows Democrats’ ObamaCare dilemma
Flushing critters and retrieving 2014
Follow the law on ObamaCare and let it burn
Food as punishment: Giving U.S. inmates “the loaf” persists
Food-stamp nation: Rhode Island town shows leftism’s dead end
Football sure is an ugly sport
Football vs. futbol: Which is in bigger trouble?
Football’s devastating harvest [link fixed]
For 2014, tweet less, read more
For Barack Obama, speech isn’t free when it criticizes him
For Chinese women, marriage now involves a “bride price”
For Christie, long-term benefits trump GOP gripes
For Congress, health-care plans remain a notch above
For Congress, “it’s classified” is new equivalent of “none of your business”
For Democrats, dark days ahead
For Democrats, it’s already legacy time
For Fatburger and others, ObamaCare delay came too late
For GOP, religious liberty now takes precedence over family values
For Hollywood, the joke’s on ObamaCare
For Indonesian atheists, a community of support amid constant fear
For Iran youths, “Death to America” is so 1979
For Islamists, dire lessons on politics and power from Egypt
For Israel, attack on Iran seems off the table
For Lebanon’s Sunnis, growing rage at Hezbollah over role in Syria
For Mexico, pot legalization is freedom
For Mike Lee, amending the Gang of Eight bill starts with throwing it out
For Obama and Boehner, maybe a way forward
For Obama and Democrats, the political state of the union is not good
For Obama, and Democrats, it’s crunch time
For Obama, it’s 2014 or bust
For Obama, the world looks far different than expected
For Obama, words conceal the indefensible
For ObamaCare to work, everybody must be in
For ObamaCare, it’s finally showtime
For Rand Paul, footnotes do not equal accuracy
For Santorum, the fight goes on
For a shot at defeating Christie, Dems need to create a gender gap fast
For a sick friend: First, do no harm
For black and Latino Americans, a glass mysteriously half full
For email-averse Napolitano, a curious new job
For first time, Egyptian military academy begins to accept Islamist students
For gay marriage, the battle now moves to the states
For government therapists, there’s a lot to work through
For homebound students, a robot proxy in the classroom
For immigration reform, English amendment is so last decade
For legal pot sellers, a big tax problem
For long-shot New Jersey candidate, passion and no filter
For men, bicep size may predict your politics
For migrants, the new land of opportunity is … Mexico
For millennials, all work and no payoff
For more people, the American Dream doesn’t include a home of their own
For recent grads, good jobs are really hard to find
For scientists, an exploding world of pseudo-academia
For secretive surveillance court, rare scrutiny in wake of NSA leaks
For survivalist industry, business is booming
For the ACLU, Zimmerman case is awkward deja vu
For the first time in a decade, immigration flow to South Texas greater than Arizona
For the first time, U.S. lays out demands in insisting China halt cyberattacks
For the people who gave us Miranda, Miranda is never enough
For the young and healthy, health insurance is a hard sell
For too long, sports journalists glossed over football’s violence. I was one of them.
For younger people, ObamaCare signup comes later
Forcing Obama’s hand in Syria
Foreclosing on a home — over a $134 tax bill
Foreign governments lobbying hard in favor of immigration reform
Foreign markets wary of U.S. tech giants that gave access to NSA
Foreign policy hands wonder: What’s the point of Obama’s Syria policy?
Forget SSM — straight marriage is the real crisis
Forget about Syria, worry about China
Forget funeral selfies: What are the ethics of tweeting a terminal illness?
Forget libertarian populism. Embrace compassionate conservatism.
Forget testing — HealthCare.Gov is a data nightmare
Forget the Arab Spring. The Kurdish Spring is in bloom.
Forget the coasts. It’s the Sun Belt that’s booming.
Forget the grand bargain: For Obama it’s all about 2014
Forgive Mark Sanford
Forgiving Putin — again
Former Hillary Clinton press secretary refuses to admit Alger Hiss was a Communist
Former IAEA official: Iran could soon be able to build nukes in just two weeks
Former Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer mulling run for Democratic nod in 2016
Former Montana governor decides not to run for Senate, dealing a blow to Democrats
Former NPR CEO: The IRS had the right idea
Former NSA/CIA chief jokes about putting Snowden on Obama’s kill list
Former NYT writer: Why I’m a creationist
Former Rubio supporters confounded by his immigration switch
Former U.S. soldier accused of fighting with Al Qaeda in Syria
Former Va. Gov. Bob McDonnell and wife indicted in federal court for illegally accepting gifts
Former WH health adviser: ObamaCare will work just fine… by 2016
Former senior NSA official: Only 30 or 40 people at the agency had access to leaked FISA order
Fort Hood shooter forcibly shaved in prison
Fort Hood soldiers say Army warned them off tea party, Christian groups
Forthcoming UN report will blame Assad’s forces for Damascus gas attack
Forward, and downhill
Foul play: Animal behavior and the gun-control debate
Found: Humanity’s great-grand-rat
Four Christians sentenced to 80 lashes for drinking communion wine in Iran
Four Pinocchios: Harry Reid’s claim that the sequester has cost 1.6 million jobs
Four Pinocchios: Time for another White House sequester lie about what Capitol janitors make
Four Republican factions will battle for the nomination
Four Zimmerman jurors distance themselves from juror B37 after CNN interview
Four bad arguments pushing the U.S. into Syria’s war
Four enduring mysteries about the Boston bombers
Four key questions for the health-care law
Four key takeaways from the release of ObamaCare enrollment figures
Four lessons from the disastrous ObamaCare rollout
Four lies of the left that make it tough to change the culture
Four militants linked to embassy threats killed by drones
Four million Medicaid enrollees under ObamaCare? Doubtful
Four months later, some users still having trouble with Healthcare.gov
Four more held in connection with Woolwich attack on British soldier
Four people, including an American, arrested in Benghazi for preaching Christianity
Four percent of voters think “lizard people” control society, and other conspiracy polls
Four possible Obamacare futures
Four principles for a libertarian national security state
Four reasons I’m abstaining from NFL football
Four reasons Putin is already losing in Ukraine
Four reasons to reject federal charges against Zimmerman
Four things Obama is thankful for
Four things conservatives should applaud in the immigration bill
Four things the RNC “autopsy” got right
Four things we think we know about ObamaCare
Four turning points: The Iraq war that might have been
Four ways Obama’s Syria gambit could end
Four ways amnesty is not so dead
Four words in ObamaCare could spell its doom
Four years after earthquake, Haiti still in ruins
Four years ago, GOP showed exactly what was false about Obama’s keep-your-coverage promise
Fourteen oddball reasons you’re not dead yet
Fourteen of America’s 25 biggest campaign donors are unions
Fourteen principled anti-war celebrities we fear may have been kidnapped
Fox News ratings average in 2013 exceeded CNN, MSNBC, and HLN combined
Fox News’s Ed Henry walks out of WH briefing after Carney ignores him twice
Fox’s Ed Henry: Colleagues used to cheer me for grilling the last administration, but not this one
Fox’s Megyn Kelly, Greta van Susteren boldly criticize male colleagues — unlike MSNBC’s female stars
Fractured GOP struggles to exploit Obama’s weakness
France to bring resolution on Russian proposal for Syrian WMD to UN Security Council
France to start pulling troops from Mali next month
France, leader of the free world
France’s Hollande facing pressure for deputies to vote on Syria
Franklin Graham blasts churches for weak support of Phil Robertson in “religious war against Christians”
Franklin Graham: Fight violence by taxing violent movies and video games
Free Hunter Yelton, the littlest casualty in the war on men
Free Justin Carter
Free PR advice for conservatives on the IRS story
Free Syrian Army rebels defecting to jihadist ranks
Free advice for the GOP: It’s about ObamaCare, stupid
Free money might be the best way to end poverty
Free pass on mass murder: UN officials withhold key details of Assad’s culpability
Free the beer drones
Freedom for the job-locked
FreedomWorks in financial trouble?
Freer markets have made freer women
French debate: Punish prostitutes or their customers?
French minister dresses down U.S. at July 4th celebration
French minister: The world “needs dictators like Chavez”
French muscle, American cheese
French paper: Our reporter witnessed a chemical attack in Syria
French parliament moves to ban child beauty pageants
French police arrest suspect in stabbing attack on soldier
French scientists: Arafat died of natural causes
French study: Bras make breasts saggier
Friend of Woolwich jihadi: MI5 approached him before to be an informant
Friendly advice to the GOP: Scandal is not an agenda
Friendly reminder to Republicans: Don’t trust Chuck Schumer
Friendly reminder: 2016 polls are completely useless right now
Friends: Zimmerman wants to go to law school to help others like him
Fries with that free lunch? The problem with a $15 fast food wage
From Beijing to Jerusalem: A mega-zone of confllict
From Benghazi to Boston: The government evades the truth about terror
From Benghazi to Boston: The state of jihad
From Elizabeth Warren, lots of noise but little delivery
From LBJ to Nixon to Obama: Why the WH may “regret” hassling the press
From Michele Bachmann, a persuasive case for why Republicans don’t fear a shutdown
From Roe to Gosnell: The case for regime change on abortion
From Tom Paine to Glenn Greenwald, we need partisan journalism
From ashes to ashes to diamonds: A way to treasure the dead
From dehumanizing word games to Gosnell
From health care to Syria, President Obama is at the mercy of events
From moral majority to “prophetic minority”
From now until the midterms, the story for Republicans must be ObamaCare
From one crisis to another: Obama’s directionless second term
From shutdown to amnesty
From singing to swastikas: The dark side of voluntary organizations
From the Choom Gang to drug warrior, Obama keeps bogarting joints
From “four score” to “yes we can!”
Frosty relationship with Russia may have hampered the FBI’s probe into Boston bombing suspect
Frustrated Obama considers full troop withdrawal in Afghanistan
Frustrated Republicans vent after Senate vote
Frustrated by Karzai, U.S. shifts Afghanistan exit plans
Frustrated with Syria, White House tries gunboat diplomacy
Frustrated, disillusioned, and angry: My experience with ObamaCare
Fukushima leak is “much worse than we were led to believe”
Fukushima nuclear plant still unstable
Full text: The Toomey/Manchin background-checks bill
Funeral Spice
Furloughs may become way of life at Pentagon
Further alienating U.S., Karzai holding secret peace talks with Taliban
Fusion on the right: Conservatives and libertarians have always agreed more than they disagreed
Future military tech: Soldiers talking through their shirts
G7 leaders: We won’t recognize Crimea’s referendum
GLAAD: Lethal enforcers of the left’s tolerance mob
GOP House Judiciary Committee chair warming to idea of path to citizenship?
GOP Rep. Bob Goodlatte: The House will act on gun legislation
GOP Rep. Jeff Denham to join Dems on immigration push
GOP Rep. Tom Cotton: Iraq was a “just and noble war”
GOP Rep. Trey Gowdy alleges massive Benghazi cover-up
GOP Sen. Jim Inhofe announces he’ll investigate NSA violations
GOP activists defend Christie at national meeting
GOP advice for Christie: Pick a better team
GOP aide: Hagel might not have enough Republican votes to beat a filibuster
GOP aims to ease bloodshed in 2016 primary debates
GOP aims to slow federal bullet buys
GOP battles over ObamaCare tactics
GOP bill orders U.S. Postal Service to keep Saturday delivery for some reason
GOP bill would defund schools with rules against playing with imaginary weapons
GOP can learn from Democrats on advancing their agenda
GOP candidate slams NRSC for criticizing Mark Pryor’s Bible ad
GOP can’t run against ObamaCare but back Obamigration
GOP closes ranks against Young to save effort to woo Hispanics
GOP coming around to Jon Huntsman’s views or something
GOP congressional report: “Significant breaches” prove Obama’s failure on cybersecurity
GOP congressman: Dick Cheney’s going to hell
GOP congressman: We stumbled into war over Obamacare
GOP consultants plot new tech-savvy infrastructure
GOP could be trapped by Democrats’ demands to fix ObamaCare
GOP crafts plan to wreck the country, lose voters
GOP critics hashing out their immigration-bill plans of attack
GOP defies Boehner on special Benghazi panel
GOP dilemma: House majority failure means best hope is weak Senate minority
GOP embarks on polling reboot
GOP establishment in early primary states standing by Christie — for now
GOP eyes Pope Francis for divine inspiration
GOP fear: Shutdown thwarted exposure of ObamaCare flaws
GOP flocks to bill curbing Obama’s power
GOP governors aim to avoid Romney missteps
GOP governors see Obama trap in spending cuts
GOP governors stand by absent Chris Christie
GOP groups offering cover for lawmakers on immigration
GOP grows confident of Senate takeover
GOP hawks are on the rise
GOP hawks question Obama’s Syria strategy
GOP hawks: This will not stand, Rand
GOP immigration reform: Snatching defeat from the jaws of victory
GOP immigration supporters face back-tax dilemma
GOP insiders: Second look at Marco Rubio?
GOP lawmakers disappointed by Ted Cruz should have listened to him more carefully before
GOP lawmakers hear complaints about wider abuses from IRS
GOP lawmakers introduce bill to help Obama, Buffett voluntarily pay more taxes
GOP lawmakers press Napolitano over decision to release illegal immigrants
GOP lawmakers to investigate EPA FOIA scandal
GOP lawmakers who spoke at House retreat were 80/20 against moving forward on immigration
GOP lawmakers: The Obama administration is “intimidating” online lenders
GOP leaders wonder: Should ObamaCare be an issue in the next budget battle?
GOP leaders worried that Steve King is winning House colleagues over on immigration
GOP leadership aides to Issa’s office: Cool it on the “paid liar” stuff
GOP makes tech gains but still playing catch-up with Dems
GOP member floats ending sequester in exchange for entitlement changes
GOP members of the “Gang of Eight” being pressured by fellow Republicans
GOP men tutored on how to run against women
GOP moderates vow to speak louder
GOP negotiator: No immigration overhaul this year
GOP officials: Why isn’t RGA chair Chris Christie committed to defeating Andrew Cuomo?
GOP opposition to immigration reform is falling away
GOP presidential prospects lay groundwork for invisible primary
GOP primary debates didn’t damage Romney
GOP ready to surrender on debt ceiling
GOP rebranding: An elephant never forgets
GOP rep: House leaders won’t go to conference on Gang of Eight bill
GOP rep: House would have nixed NSA program if it had known of privacy violations
GOP rep: I’m trying to round up support for a Syria strike but the White House won’t call me back
GOP rep: Let Russia put boots on the ground in Syria
GOP resolution: Obama delay of employer mandate violated Constitution
GOP sees opportunity for election gains in Obama’s climate-change plans
GOP senators are still waiting for Obama’s outreach
GOP senators fail to head off tea party primary challenges
GOP senators question whether October 17th is the real debt-limit deadline
GOP senators staving off primary challengers
GOP senators to Liz Cheney: We like Mike Enzi
GOP senators unveil first health care plan in an ObamaCare world
GOP set to launch first partisan web domain
GOP should try again to delay ObamaCare’s individual mandate
GOP sizes up Obama as midterm target
GOP sour on Iran deal
GOP sources expect House votes on four small immigration bills by end of summer, including one on legal status
GOP staffer claims to live on food stamps without problems, suggests cutting more
GOP starts tough struggle to win back Asian-American voters
GOP state rep exploring Massachusetts special Senate election
GOP still searching for top Senate recruits in key states
GOP strategist to Steve King: “Get some therapy”
GOP strategists fear 2016 primary free-for-all will benefit Hillary
GOP strategy on ObamaCare: Shut up and leave town
GOP support on immigration dissipating
GOP threatens walkout on Chuck Hagel vote
GOP to colleagues: Increase the debt limit or Harry Reid will do worse
GOP to use Victoria Nuland’s confirmation hearing for more discovery on Benghazi
GOP to use filibuster change to tie Dems to Obama
GOP too focused on healthcare law, some Republicans warn
GOP touts campaign to blunt Obama’s executive powers
GOP turning bearish on Sanford’s chances in SC-1
GOP wants to talk to Marine colonel about Benghazi — but Pentagon won’t say where he is
GOP weekly address calls for delay of individual mandate
GOP weekly address: ObamaCare is a national embarrassment
GOP wonders: Should we propose our own health-care reform plan before the midterms?
GOP “anarchists” now talking about reopening… national parks?
GOP, business recast message to diminish conservative activists
GOP: No cover for Democrats on ObamaCare vote
GOP: With big Latino vote, Rubio would win presidency
GOProud’s going to CPAC — well, kind of
GOP’s 2014 strategy: Attract minority votes, reinforce red-state strongholds
GOP’s choice on ObamaCare: Repeal or dismantle?
GOP’s new ally in opposing CNN/NBC Hillary movies: Media Matters?
GOP’s push to woo female candidates, voters
GOP’s third shot at Senate: Charm or bust?
Gag order: Liberals try to win the argument against Rush Limbaugh by silencing him
Gallup Obama approval numbers suggest shifting Electoral College map
Gallup: 67 percent of Americans are against race-based college admissions
Gallup: Hispanics in Texas lean Democratic, but state is likely to stay red
Gallup: Seven out of 10 workers have “checked out” at work or are “actively disengaged”
Gambling with the presidency
Game over for Obama?
Games and tribes
Gang of Eight keeping tight hold on immigration debate
Gang of Eight loopholes put many illegal immigrants on fast track to citizenship
Gang of Eight orders lobbyists to target House GOP on immigration
Gang of Eight plots path to Senate supermajority
Gang of Eight preparing lobbying campaign to blunt conservative critiques of immigration bill
Gang of Eight refuses to meet with ICE union to talk immigration reform
Gang of Eight vows to stay united, defeat immigration reform poison pills
Gang of Eight: Immigration reform bill won’t add to the nation’s deficit
Gang of Eight’s strategy for winning immigration floor fight: Stick together
Gangsterville: How Chicago was lost
Gates plays down suggestions that Obama’s opposition to Iraq surge was political
Gay Republican candidate to run ad featuring same-sex partner
Gay activists have met their match with Muslim barbers
Gay athletes could be prosecuted at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Russia
Gay couples flood immigration offices for green cards after DOMA ruling
Gay divorce, the next frontier
Gay marriage and religious conservatives: The terms of our surrender
Gay marriage and the libertarian’s dilemma
Gay marriage fight now becomes a religious liberty fight
Gay marriage isn’t a victory for freedom
Gay marriage opponents caught in a vortex of public opinion
Gay marriage ruling befuddles Utah
Gay marriage stirs rebellion at synagogue
Gay marriage tests state attorneys general
Gay marriage: A social experiment without science behind it
Gay marriage: From sexual outlaws to sexual in-laws
Gay marriage: Hey, it’s only fair
Gay rights activists demand DC Comics fire Mormon Superman writer
Gay rights on long list of proposed changes to immigration bill
Gay rights supporters wage a quiet campaign to push Republicans to the middle
Gay-marriage bill stalls in Illinois legislature
Gay-marriage opponents scrambling after court setbacks
Gay-marriage opponents seek to halt California same-sex weddings
Gay-rights groups press Obama to help on immigration reform
Gay-rights groups ready backup plan in case marriage law survives
Gay-rights push threatens an immigration deal
Gaza police shaving heads of young men in crackdown on western fashion
Geithner to the rescue?
Gen. Giap and the myth of American invincibility
Gen. Giap: He beat us in war but never in battle
Gen. Petraeus’s new campaign: Rehabilitation in polite society
Gender-neutral dating
Gene Sperling and “regret”
Generation naive: Why young people can’t help falling for strangers online
Generation slowpoke? Kids don’t run as fast as their parents once did, study finds
Genetic “Adam” and “Eve” uncovered?
George H.W. Bush serves as a witness at a same-sex wedding
George Lucas: Hamill, Fisher, and Ford are all signed for “Star Wars Episode VII”
George Soros joins “Ready for Hillary” PAC
George W. Bush is the victim of a rush to judgment
George W. Bush on Keystone XL: “Build the damn thing”
George W. Bush skeptical of current immigration push
George W. Bush, artist: An appraisal
George W. Bush: I hope Jeb runs in 2016
George W. Bush’s close call
George W. Bush’s legacy is on the mend
George W. Bush’s words that saved millions
George Washington, boozehound
George Will on immigration reform: “Conservatism begins with facing facts”
George Will: If Weiner and Filner were GOP, media would say “war on women”
George Will: Impeachment talk is silly
George Will: Other than Nixon’s, has there ever been a worst first year to a second term?
George Will: The “keep your plan” bill could pass over an Obama veto
George Will: When a politician says the climate debate is over, he’s losing
George Will’s libertarian evolution
Georgia city wants to make gun ownership mandatory
Georgia town passes mandatory gun ownership law
Geraldo attacks O’Reilly over Obama interview: You “minimized” the president
Geraldo to O’Reilly: No more “illegal alien,” because it’s like saying “negro”
Geraldo trying to pick a fight with Cory Booker now
German paper: Assad’s forces may have used gas without permission
Germans loved Obama. Now we don’t trust him.
Germany persecutes homeschoolers, with an assist from the Obama administration
Germany, Brazil to propose anti-spying resolution at UN
Germany’s paradox: Family-friendly benefits, but few kids
Get ready for an immigration fight the public doesn’t want
Getting it right on ObamaCare
Getting to Sí
Getting “XKeyscore” right
Giant online poll: Rand Paul the conservative pick for president in 2016
Gilded class warriors
Gingrich to CPAC: “We are not the anti-Obama movement”
Gingrich to Republicans: Don’t sound like Romney on immigration
Gingrich: An EMP attack could end civilization
Gingrich: The GOP has “zero” ideas for replacing ObamaCare
Gingrich: “I don’t know what the purpose of CPAC is anymore”
Ginsburg will be first justice to officiate same-sex wedding
Girls commit dating violence as often as boys, studies show
Gitmo detainees rejected gym equipment because it was made by infidels
Gitmo detainees’ hunger strikes will no longer be disclosed by U.S. military
Gitmo is killing me
Give Detroit to Mitt Romney
Give Egypt some credit
Give Snowden immunity
Give Walmart’s owners the Nobel prize
Give back my health-care policy
Give felons the vote — but no other rights?
Give the Little Sisters of the Poor a break
Glamour and the art of persuasion
Glamour junkies: The culture of heroin addiction
Glenn Beck leads hundreds in volunteer effort to clean D.C. parks
Glenn Beck: I’ll stand with GLAAD against Russia’s hetero-fascism
Glenn Beck: Rove’s new group is a recipe for death of the Constitution
Glenn Beck: “You are not a fan of mine if you hate people because they’re gay”
Glenn Beck’s empire, not influence, grows
Glenn Greenwald to leave Guardian, found online news site
Glenn Greenwald to testify before Congress
Glenn Greenwald’s husband detained at Heathrow: Troubling from all sides
Global cooling: When the climate changed astonishingly fast
Global poll of Catholics: Pope Francis faces church divided over doctrine
Global unrest: Where will it kick off next?
Global warming and the Gipper
Global warming can melt California’s economy
Global warming devastates America
Global warming report could backfire on environmentalists
Global warming “hiatus” puts climate change scientists on the spot
Global warming’s glorious ship of fools
Global weirding: An unusually cold winter doesn’t disprove climate change
Globalization in a Nutella jar
Gloomy Americans foresee a downhill slide to 2050
Go ahead and gossip. It’s good for society.
Go ahead, admit it: George W. Bush is a good man
Go ahead, round up the RINOs
Go home, Weiner
Go on, lick that spoon
God called them to adopt. And adopt. And adopt.
God complex: Why Hollywood thinks sex crimes are no big deal
God in the details: The connection between family and religion
God, guns, and suicide
Going Galt: Why men are boycotting marriage, fatherhood, and the American dream
Going on 30, still living with mom and dad
Going rogue in the wrong direction
Going to college may cost you, but so will skipping it
Gold coin stash found by couple in backyard may actually belong to the government
Gold was a horrible investment from 1500 to 1965
Gold-medal corruption
Good (?) news: Mini black holes are easier to make than scientists thought
Good at campaigning, bad at governing
Good conservative populism versus bad
Good cop, bad cop: Are Obama and the Senate group coordinating to push immigration reform?
Good looks shouldn’t matter, but they do
Good news from Chicago: Only 413 murdered Americans this year
Good news from Paul Krugman: “ObamaCare will be working fine”
Good news: Al Qaeda sets up complaints department
Good news: Khaled Sheikh Mohammed renounces violence or something
Good news: Mullah Omar still willing to talk to America
Good news: New type of boredom discovered
Good news: Pamplona-style bull-running coming to America
Good news: Scientists find first known human-neanderthal love child
Good news: Switzerland’s first sex drive-in a success
Good news: Ted Kennedy Jr ready to enter the family business
Good news: U.S. commander “very concerned” about cyber attacks on nuclear command and control
Good riddance to the Muslim Brotherhood’s fake democrats
Goodbye to romance: Are rom-coms worse than porn?
Goodbye, public life
Google Glass and the end of racism
Google Glass, the beginning of wearable surveillance
Google adds “digital estate planning” to its services
Google battles legal fallout of copyright ruling on Mohammed movie
Google celebrates Easter with … Cesar Chavez tribute
Google could end China’s web censorship in 10 days
Google founder: Driverless cars will be here in five years
Google knows nearly every Wi-Fi password in the world
Google makes move that could let users sign in with sound
Google working on new tech to eliminate all child porn on the web
Google: The Halliburton of the Obama administration
Google’s next frontier: Robots?
Gosnell abortion-clinic worker: Baby “jumped” when I snipped her neck
Gosnell and the media: No job too small
Gosnell clinic worker: Toilets backed up with dead baby parts
Gosnell is no outlier
Gosnell jury dismissed for weekend; still no verdict
Gosnell means Democrats have lost the “war on women”
Gosnell the baby-killer and the liberals who shielded him
Gosnell worker: Baby screamed during live-birth “abortion”
Gosnell: I’m spiritually innocent
Gosnell: The killer had help
Gosnell’s abortion atrocities are no “aberration”
Gosnell’s website openly offered “late terminations”
Gov. Corbett rejects Medicaid expansion for Pennsylvania
Government actuaries: ObamaCare will increase health care spending $621 billion over 10 years
Government at work: Tearing up flowers because they were planted without permission
Government audit: To cut costs, Navy Yard took security risks in screening contractors
Government compromises our trust
Government considering cellphones on flights, but no calls
Government doc shows how closely Boston Marathon bombers followed al Qaeda plans
Government isn’t Santa
Government is magic
Government shutdown? Not this time
Government shutdowns: A history
Government source: Janet Napolitano set to resign as head of DHS today
Government takeover: White House forces ObamaCare insurers to cover patients at a loss
Government, protesters agree to truce in Ukraine as negotiations begin
Government-sponsored study focused on how to use Twitter for “depression surveillance”
Government-supporting scribes suggest U.S. Jews organizing unrest in Turkey
Government? Who needs it?
Governor: Colorado pot market exceeds tax hopes
Graduates, your ambition is the problem
Graham to Hagel: Time to open your archive
Grand Old Parity
Grand Theft Auto only gives the illusion of freedom
Graphic: Anatomy of a stoning in Iran
Graphs: The correlation between the number of guns per capita and homicide rates
Grassley: Rubio’s work on immigration does not destroy his 2016 prospects
Grassroots conservative groups now outraising big GOP establishment organizations
Grassroots conservatives love Ted Cruz’s filibuster, but what about Republican donors?
Great news, America: Bob Filner done with therapy a week early
Great news: Chris Christie unveils sweeping gun-control plans
Great news: Eric Holder has some regrets
Green groups tell Obama Keystone won’t be forgiven
Greenwald: I won’t stop publishing the info Snowden’s given me even if he stops leaking
Greenwald: Snowden has “instruction manual for how the NSA is built”
Greenwald’s partner to take legal action against UK over Heathrow detainment
Greg Gutfeld: Jim Carrey lost to a dead man
Gridlock apocalypse: Atlanta drivers have been stuck in traffic since yesterday
Groceries, mail, sperm: Why bikes are best for precious cargo
Group gets $1.1 million grant to collect ObamaCare “success stories”
Group opposing immigration bill plans full-scale campaign on House
Groups go door-to-door to encourage enrollment in Obamacare
Growing momentum in states looking at legalizing marijuana
Growing opposition to universal health care shows Americans are becoming jerks
Growing up unvaccinated
Gruesome photos from Syria may prove torture by the Assad regime
Guardian editor: British security destroyed two of our hard drives over Snowden suspicions
Guards allegedly forced into union day before right-to-work implemented
Guess what, millennials: You’re going to be just like your parents
Guilty of being southern
Guilty until proven innocent: How the government encourages kangaroo courts for campus sex crimes
Guinea pigs are the lowest form of pet
Gun Guys: A road trip
Gun bill in Missouri would test limits in nullifying federal law
Gun control and the Constitution
Gun control failed in Congress. It’s happening anyway.
Gun control won’t stop gun violence
Gun control: Obama’s biggest loss
Gun control: The left’s continuing war on women
Gun dealers report shortages of ammunition
Gun magazine manufacturer: We’ll leave Colorado if gun control passes here
Gun permits surge in Newtown after shooting
Gun store rescinds Mark Kelly’s rifle purchase, questions his “intent”
Gun talks hit a snag in Senate over universal background checks
Gun-buying spree wanes after post-Newtown high
Gun-control dishonesty: It has nothing to do with preventing deaths
Gun-control groups are shifting efforts and resources to states
Gun-control supporters worried that Senate amendments to new bill will actually weaken gun laws
Gun-rights group spokesman: “We snookered the other side” on the Toomey/Manchin bill
Gunmaker says Colorado’s new laws will send it packing
Gunmen surround Libyan foreign ministry to push demands
Gunmen who stormed Kenyan mall reportedly spoke English, were from different countries
Guns and green chile
Guns made for kids: How young is too young to shoot?
Gutenberg’s rifle: The downloadable gun is almost a reality
Gutierrez invites an illegal immigrant as his SOTU guest
HHS brings in Verizon to help HealthCare.gov
HHS releases over 700 pages of ObamaCare rules
HHS report: ObamaCare months behind in testing for data security
HHS says Obamacare signups hit 3 million, still unclear how many have paid
HHS spokeswoman: Revealing the size of the “tech surge” would be a “distraction”
HHS tech officer: I wanted to hold Healthcare.gov back due to security risks — but was overruled
HHS: 365,000 people have enrolled in ObamaCare plans so far
HHS: Nearly a million people signed up on Healthcare.gov in December
HHS: Nothing improper about Sebelius’s ObamaCare fundraising
HIllary fans wonder: Has Kerry’s tenure as Secretary of State eclipsed hers?
HIllary’s less inevitable than you think
Hacker uses Android to remotely attack and hijack … an airplane
Hacker: No security ever built into ObamaCare site
Hackers are spying on you
Hackers ask feds to stay away from convention to defuse tension over Snowden
Hackers called into civic duty
Hacktivists are an indispensable part of a modern republic
Hagel camp: No, he’s not dropping out
Hagel doesn’t understand the defense budget
Hagel off to a rough start thanks to Afghanistan trip
Hagel on sequestration cuts: “We’re adjusting to the realities”
Hagel should withdraw
Hagel think tank counts Saudi Arabia, Qatar as donors
Hagel to senators: I can’t provide details on speaking engagement, foreign funders
Hagel: We’re “ready to go” if ordered to strike Syria
Hail, Armageddon
Hair is the western woman’s veil or something
Half of Americans can’t identify Syria on a map (young Republicans do slightly better)
Hall of shame: The liberals who blamed the Mohammed video for the Benghazi attack
Hamas’s new initiative in Gaza: Teaching Hebrew to Palestinian students
Hamburgers will not feed the world
Hamid Karzai: “I saw no good” with America’s presence in Afghanistan
Handicapping the 2016 vice presidential race
Hannity: It’s time to replace Boehner as Speaker
Hannity: “It may be time for a new conservative party in America”
Happy Mother’s Day: Obama to invoke moms in pitch for health-care exchanges
Happy birthday, ObamaCare!
Happy days are here again, so let’s thank Obama or something
Hard sell: Going door to door for ObamaCare
Harold Ramis, RIP
Harry Reid plots to block potential 2016 foe
Harry Reid won’t rule out eliminating filibuster
Harry Reid, leader of the Democrats’ “no compromise” wing
Harry Reid: I don’t want to lead the Democratic caucus for more than another eight years
Harry Reid: I’m confident Menendez did nothing wrong
Harry Reid: Let’s face it, Boehner’s going to cave on amnesty
Harry Reid: Let’s face it, the GOP is pursuing Benghazi because of Hillary and 2016
Harry Reid: My new ObamaCare insurance costs $4,500 more than my old plan
Harry Reid: ObamaCare’s just a step towards a single-payer system
Harry Reid: Second look at medical marijuana?
Harry Reid: Ted Cruz 2016 would be the end of the GOP
Harry Reid: The Redskins should change their name
Harry Reid: This gun debate isn’t over
Harry Reid: Vulnerable Dems should and will campaign with Obama
Harry Reid: “ObamaCare has been wonderful for America”
Harry Reid’s Senate rule change won’t be limited
Harry Reid’s Two Minutes Hate
Harry Reid’s new game plan: Some bipartisanship
Hartford city council passes resolution opposing Koch brothers’ takeover of Tribune
Harvard Crimson to scheming conservatives: Don’t apply to Harvard
Harvard secretly searched deans’ e-mails account to find source of media leaks on cheating scandal
Harvard student charged in bomb threat studies “partisan taunting”
Harvard study: Hey, this economic recovery’s not so bad, relatively speaking
Harvard study: Just six in 10 millennials have jobs, half are part-time
Has Ezra Klein made a huge mistake?
Has Jeb’s time come?
Has Marco Rubio been resurrected?
Has North Korea slunk back into its cave?
Has Obama changed his mind about Syria?
Has Obama given up on Republicans?
Has Obama got a healthcare deal for you
Has Obama tightened U.S. drone policy or not?
Has ObamaCare been rescued by the “tech surge”? Don’t bet on it
Has ObamaCare lost its soul?
Has ObamaCare turned a corner?
Has Rubio “gone Washington”?
Has Sebelius violated the Anti-Lobbying Act?
Has Snowden crossed a red line?
Has Washington given up on the economy?
Has a U.S. Army veteran been found alive in Vietnam?
Has global warming hit a plateau?
Has science cured gray hair?
Has shale saved America?
Has the Millennial generation overwhelmed the electorate?
Has the ObamaCare surge continued into 2014?
Has the U.S. renounced the Monroe Doctrine?
Has the U.S. started an Internet war?
Has the conservative base given up on gay marriage?
Has the future of college moved online?
Has the media done enough to cover Obama’s drone policy?
Has the tea party peaked?
Hatch joins other Senate Republicans in supporting the budget deal
Hatch was the Republican to win over on immigration
Hate Obama, love ObamaCare
Hate-crime hoaxes and “counter-Trayvonism”
Hate-reading: Love to loathe you, baby
Hating on fat people only makes them fatter
Have Democrats become the interventionist party?
Have I become an undesirable in Libya because of my faith?
Have I mentioned lately how terrible Republicans are?
Have I mentioned lately that I don’t care for Donald Rumsfeld?
Have political parties lost their purpose?
Have the terrorists won?
Have we lost America? Hell no!
Haven’t I seen you before? Why news reports quote the same people
Having a national park on the moon is a great idea
Having a twin is linked with anorexia, puzzling researchers
Hawaii sets aside $100k to offer homeless people one-way airfare back to their home state
He should have canceled the speech
Head of KGB veterans’ group: Snowden applied for membership
Heading for the student debt cliff
Heads might soon start rolling over failed ObamaCare launch
Headstone for a climate-change apocalypse
Heal thyself, tea party
Health actuaries: ObamaCare rates are going to soar
Health care for the pushy
Health emergency: On eve of Obamacare, Britain’s NHS needs political therapy
Health enrollment deadlines flexing again in several states
Health industry pushing GOP states toward ObamaCare
Health insurance enrollment by Hispanics is lagging in California
Health insurance shoppers are terrible at choosing cost-effective plans
Health insurance tax “scares the daylights” out of some small-business owners
Health insurers are banking on government funding
Health insurers fear young people will opt out
Health insurers warn of ObamaCare-induced sticker shock
Health website woes widen as insurers get wrong data
Health websites are sharing your information too
Health-care Web site’s lead contractor employs executives from troubled IT company
Health-care exchanges will need the young invincibles
Health-care shoppers aren’t as dumb as Obama thinks
HealthCare.gov is simple and user-friendly
HealthCare.gov tech team scrambling to create workaround for site before deadline
Healthcare.gov can’t handle appeals of enrollment errors
Healthcare.gov can’t tell consumers whether they can keep their doctors
Healthcare.gov contractor had high confidence but low success
Healthcare.gov defects leave more than 100,000 Americans eligible for Medicaid, CHIP without coverage
Healthcare.gov is vastly improved, users say
Healthcare.gov is improving
Healthcare.gov team claims victory: “We have met the goal”
Healthcare.gov team working through holiday to make deadline
Healthcare.gov to be out of service this weekend
Healthcare.gov withstood traffic onslaught this week, administration says
Healthcare.gov won’t be perfect on December 1st, administration says
Healthcare.gov: The biggest Web disaster ever?
Heartbreaking video released of woman watching cops kill her husband in Oklahoma
Heartwarming causes are nice, but let’s give charity with our heads
Heathcare.gov’s failure contrasts with the Obama campaign’s tech superiority
Heckuva job, wacko birds
Heckuva job, Sebelius
Help not wanted: Not all gay-rights advocates want conservatives’ support
Help us, GOP elders, you’re our only hope!
Help us, John McCain, you’re our only hope for a new budget deal
Help, I’ve got three sexist children
Helping Syria’s rebels is too dangerous a risk
Henry Waxman casts doubt on federal charges for Zimmerman
Here Comes Honey Boo Boo is a fabulous cultural ambassador for America
Here come the immigration amendments
Here come … China’s drones
Here comes the spoils society
Here is the evidence the U.S. has on a Syrian chemical weapons attack
Here we go again: 10-year-old boy suspended for pointing finger like a gun
Here we go: Insurance chiefs called to White House for meeting
Here’s a map of every state’s favorite band
Here’s how Obama can go it alone
Here’s how immigration reform plays out for Republicans: Badly
Here’s how paying for an ObamaCare plan is supposed to work
Here’s how we can end this stalemate
Here’s the deal the U.S. and Iran should make right now
Here’s what a Republican immigration victory looks like
Here’s what could be next in the Ukrainian revolution
Here’s what to do when North Korea goes south
Here’s what’s in the budget deal
Here’s why Obama said people could keep their insurance
Here’s why President Obama is giving up the element of surprise in Syria
Here’s why the GOP’s minority outreach effort won’t work
Hey Randians: There’s more to life than economics
Hey, Al Qaeda is outdoing the U.S. on truthtelling
Hey, America is a country of immigrants, not “illegals”
Hey, America would be better off if Ted Cruz and John Boehner drowned
Hey, Democrats can retake the south
Hey, Democrats deserve this victory
Hey, Detroit’s not dead
Hey, GOP, here’s how to coach men on how to talk to women
Hey, GOP: Don’t pretend that you care about this DOJ/AP leak scandal
Hey, I’m clean now
Hey, Obama has legal authority to save ObamaCare without Congress
Hey, Obama isn’t disengaged from the world
Hey, ObamaCare is here to stay
Hey, ObamaCare might be more popular than you think
Hey, ObamaCare’s going to work, okay?
Hey, ObamaCare’s going to work
Hey, ObamaCare’s still awesome
Hey, Obama’s comeback begins today
Hey, Obama’s finding a new sense of purpose in executive overreach
Hey, Obama’s haters are worse than Bush’s
Hey, Thatcher didn’t really turn Britain around
Hey, a canceled health plan is a good thing
Hey, are we sure Tamerlan Tsarnaev didn’t just take too many punches to the head?
Hey, chill out: These ObamaCare snafus are fixable
Hey, choice in health care is overrated
Hey, conservatives should love Common Core
Hey, did the IRS actually do anything wrong?
Hey, don’t call the planet “Mother” Earth
Hey, don’t go writing Obama off just yet
Hey, don’t underestimate Elizabeth Warren in 2016
Hey, history will forget this horrible Healthcare.gov launch
Hey, how about a “Moneyball” approach to government?
Hey, how about capitalism with a heart?
Hey, how about using a mediator to resolve the shutdown?
Hey, how come Obama’s not referring to the ACA as “ObamaCare” anymore?
Hey, it’s not easy being Obama
Hey, kids: Tonight, you are young; tomorrow, you are unemployed
Hey, let’s be honest about Israel’s nukes
Hey, let’s calm down about Benghazi
Hey, let’s celebrate the income tax
Hey, let’s give Bradley Manning the Nobel Peace Prize
Hey, let’s give Dennis Rodman a break
Hey, let’s hit the reset button with Iran
Hey, let’s hope the Boston bomber is a white American
Hey, let’s nationalize Fox News
Hey, let’s not expect too much from presidential leadership
Hey, let’s not smear Snowden
Hey, let’s rewrite the Second Amendment
Hey, let’s say “imperialist” instead of “neocon”
Hey, let’s stop persecuting old men for having sex with minor by lowering the age of consent
Hey, let’s use Bush’s paintings to psychoanalyze him
Hey, lighten up, conservatives
Hey, look on the bright side: You’re paying more only because you’re getting more coverage!
Hey, maybe Petraeus could still run for president
Hey, maybe Pope Francis should rethink abortion
Hey, maybe those tea-party groups deserved a little extra IRS scrutiny
Hey, plural marriages make sense
Hey, politics used to be friendly
Hey, some Republicans love ObamaCare
Hey, some people like ObamaCare
Hey, stop politicizing the bombings by linking them to other issues
Hey, the executive actions mentioned by Obama in the SOTU sound okay
Hey, there’s a lot at stake if ObamaCare is repealed
Hey, there’s no Democratic version of the Koch brothers
Hey, there’s plenty of time to fix ObamaCare
Hey, there’s still a lot that’s awesome about Obama
Hey, they’ll fix Healthcare.gov eventually
Hey, this ObamaCare “risk corridor” program isn’t a bailout
Hey, those forced miscarriages by the Cleveland kidnapper aren’t murder
Hey, we’ll beat the NRA next time
Hey, what happened to Obama’s NSA reforms?
Hey, what happened to “compassionate conservatives”?
Hey, whatever happened to Obama’s big campaign-finance reform plans?
Hey, whatever happened to the “common good”?
Hey, who decided that U.S. megabanks are Too Big to Jail?
Hey, who’s up for a northeastern Republican in 2016?
Hezbollah leader vows: We’ll help carry Assad to victory in Syria
Hezbollah prepares for Syria showdown in al-Qalamoun
Hezbollah risks losing support in Lebanon by trying to save Assad in Syria
Hezbollah stronghold in Lebanon attacked from Syria
Hezbollah supporters urge leadership: Stop sending our sons to die in Syria
Hezbollah unmasked: Behind the Bulgaria attack
Hezbollah upgrades missile threat to Israel
Hezbollah widens the Syrian civil war
Hezbollah-backed Shiites from Lebanon helping Assad cling to power in Syria
Hezbollah: We’ll intervene further in Syria to keep it from falling into America’s hands
Hezbollah’s chickens come home to roost
Hezbollah’s heavy losses
Hezbollah’s huge gamble: From Israeli archenemy to Shiite club against the Sunnis
Hezbollah’s quandary over Israeli retaliation in Syria
Hezbollah’s Vietnam?
He’s no Teddy Roosevelt
Hickenlooper: Yeah, I drank fracking fluid
Hiding behind judicial robes in the battle over national security
High noon for marriage
High prices for getting high expected as Colorado pot shops open
High school requires parental consent for Santorum speech
High-profile cases show a pattern of misuse of prosecutorial powers
Higher health insurance premiums: The ObamaCare debate we didn’t have
Hill Democrats frustrated by ObamaCare rollout
Hill Democrats want more love from President Obama
Hill staffers warned not to rely on info from ObamaCare exchange
Hill tea party’s next target: Barack Obama’s trade agenda
Hillary 2016 and the “war on women” trope
Hillary Clinton (D-Goldman Sachs)
Hillary Clinton 2016 might look a lot like Barack Obama 2012
Hillary Clinton compares Russian moves to Nazi aggression
Hillary Clinton endorses looking at ObamaCare fixes, but defends law
Hillary Clinton goes mum on NSA, skirts surveillance fight
Hillary Clinton in 2016: The actuarial odds
Hillary Clinton is the most formidable presidential frontrunner of the modern era
Hillary Clinton is too old to be president
Hillary Clinton on a female president: “Someday I hope it happens”
Hillary Clinton to consider presidential run “sometime next year”
Hillary Clinton will take only so much guff
Hillary Clinton, a mistake for 2016
Hillary Clinton: George Zimmerman verdict brought “deep heartache”
Hillary Clinton: ObamaCare is too important to “turn back the clock”
Hillary Clinton’s Iran trap
Hillary Clinton’s unlucky year
Hillary and the ghosts of Benghazi
Hillary backs Obama on Iran sanctions
Hillary has the most to lose from Obama’s scandals
Hillary has to dump Bill now or something
Hillary in 2016? No so fast
Hillary is no Barack
Hillary should be president of the universe or something
Hillary spokesman to Weiner: I’d like to “pull out your throat” over new sexting revelations
Hillary starts pandering to liberals ahead of 2016
Hillary staying out of the foreign policy fray
Hillary will run
Hillary ’16, Obama ’14
Hillary, don’t run for president
Hillary: Biden didn’t endorse the Bin Laden raid, you know
Hillary: I’ll announce in 2014 if I’m running
Hillary: We need a conversation about intelligence tech and liberty
Hillary’s 2016 campaign starts with Terry McAuliffe’s Virginia gubernatorial run
Hillary’s Iowa problem
Hillary’s answer to the “old news” charge
Hillary’s frequent gift to visiting dignitaries: Autographed copies of her book
Hillary’s going to be really tough to beat
Hillary’s new theme, conveniently enough: Women breaking barriers
Hillary’s nightmare: An Elizabeth Warren primary challenge
Hillary’s no slam dunk in 2016
Hillary’s plan to prevent a left-wing primary challenger
Hillary’s question: Not if, but how
Hillary’s race card
Hillary’s racial politics
Hillary’s shadow campaign
Hillary’s speaking fee: North of $200,000
Hillary’s sure thing
Hip-hop gaining bipartisan embrace from pols
Hispanic voters don’t share Republican-style “faith and family” values
Hispanics’ love of ObamaCare waning as site troubles persist
History of the world, part Z
History professors give Obama a B-, mark him down for being not liberal enough
History shows Snowden may face tough exile in Russia
History will not judge these Republicans kindly for trying to stop ObamaCare
Hit in the gut by the Internet sales tax
Hive minds: How “swarm robots” are learning from insects
Hmm: National GOP sitting out Texas abortion fight
Hmmm
Hmmm: At least 23 killed in bombing of Iranian embassy in Beirut
Hmmm: Boxes sealed with “Atheist” packing tape lost by USPS 10X more than controls
Hmmm: CIA honored Benghazi chief in secret ceremony
Hmmm: Khamenei’s illness may signal power struggle in Iran
Hmmm: North Korea axes hard-line defense chief
Hmmm: Obama to speak Thursday on Guantanamo, counterterror drones
Hmmm: Russia removing military personnel from Syria?
Hmmm: Russia sends warship with “special cargo” to Syria
Hmmm: White House deletes blog post warning against dangers of legalizing marijuana
Hmmmm
Hmmmmm
Hmmmmmm
Hmmmmmmm
Hold the optimism: Why a shutdown settlement might not be near
Holder hopes defense of civil rights will be his legacy
Holder isn’t up to the task
Holder misses the deadline to clear up testimony on reporter surveillance
Holder pressed on U.S. drug agency use of hidden data evidence
Holder says drug offenders are serving draconian sentences. Why won’t Obama let them out?
Holder says “no” to special counsel to investigate Benghazi
Holder tells Russians that U.S. won’t seek death penalty against Snowden
Holder to state AGs: You don’t have to defend gay-marriage bans
Holder under intense pressure to bring federal charges against Zimmerman
Holder unsure if he’s ever enforced law against killing of infants born alive during abortions
Holder: It’s “past time” for Congress to tackle gun violence
Holder’s latest lie: Overstating the DOJ’s pursuit of mortgage fraudsters
Holder’s voucher travesty
Holding firm: Why Boehner won’t bring a clean CR to the floor
Holes in the border as big as the holes in their amnesty bill
Hollywood asks California to cut taxes — for the film industry
Hollywood collaborated with the Nazis, and now it’s collaborating with China
Hollywood doesn’t need to be held accountable for gun violence
Hollywood forgets 9/11
Hollywood gets a grant to positively work ObamaCare into plot lines
Hollywood needs to give us more heroines
Hollywood studios brace for ObamaCare
Hollywood, in a switch, is now courting the GOP
Hollywood’s got a fee-vah and the only prescription is more Hillary
Home Depot sends 20,000 employees into Obamacare
Homeland Security delays plan to place sensors on Mexican border
Homeland insecurity alert: Dry ice and dry runs
Homeownership, the key to happiness?
Honey, Snowden shrank Obama
Hong Kong is a strange place to seek freedom
Hopes and hopefuls: A look at the 2016 Republican field
Hopes for a grand bargain still stuck on revenue
Horror of North Korean prison camps exposed at U.N. panel hearing
Hospitals face whole new world under ObamaCare
Hot date or just hanging out? Americans don’t know anymore
House Dem: Clarence Thomas is “worse” than Snowden
House Dem: Stop using the word “illegal” in the immigration debate
House Democratic leaders won’t apologize for ObamaCare promise
House Democrats get the yips
House Democrats to release immigration bill
House Democrats: What Obama scandals?
House Dems wonder: How long should we lay off Boehner on immigration?
House GOP 2014 agenda starts with blank state
House GOP aims at IRS headquarters
House GOP at 2014 crossroads: Go big or keep quiet?
House GOP blasts Obama administration for poor enforcement of gun laws
House GOP centrists recoil at Ryan’s plan to raise age for Medicare cuts
House GOP cools to immigration overhaul
House GOP has no plan to avoid shutdown
House GOP leaders aim to bridge party’s divisions to avoid debt-limit faceoff
House GOP leaders blindsided by defections on spending vote
House GOP leaders hope to block amendments limiting NSA surveillance
House GOP leaders silent on the marriage law they’re paying to defend
House GOP leadership ready to support Gang of Eight’s amnesty bill?
House GOP lining up behind Cantor’s DREAM bill?
House GOP mulls back-up CR with Vitter Amendment
House GOP pessimistic over immigration-reform chances
House GOP plans anti-Washington push in August
House GOP plans no immigration vote in 2013
House GOP reaching out to Dems on immigration
House GOP scales back agenda, hoping to avert election-year trouble
House GOP showing little appetite for Senate gun control measure
House GOP tax plan would cut top income tax rates but also hit high earners with a surtax
House GOP to Obama: We’re starting on comprehensive tax reform
House GOP to meet on Senate immigration bill on July 10
House Homeland Security Committee chair: It’s highly likely that “something will detonate” in Sochi
House Intel Committee chair: We’re losing the cyberwars to China
House Intelligence chair: Yes, the Benghazi attack was an “Al Qaeda-led event”
House Intelligence chairman says Russia may have helped Snowden leak
House Judiciary chair on immigration: I see no reason we can’t trade legalization for tougher border security
House Judiciary chairman lays out citizenship possibility for immigrants
House Oversight memo: Washington Post’s tea party coverage inspired IRS to target conservatives
House Republicans expect to approve short-term debt deal
House Republicans gird for the next budget battles
House Republicans intensify probe of monuments’ closure
House Republicans meet the new Obama, same as the old Obama
House Republicans moving towards retreat on shutdown, shifting demands to debt-ceiling fight
House Republicans must not go to conference with the Senate on immigration
House Republicans preparing plan for immigration overhaul
House Republicans say they’ll act on immigration reform this year
House Republicans see long slog ahead for probes of IRS targeting
House Republicans struggling for a debt-limit strategy
House Republicans: We won’t repeat Lewinsky-era missteps
House administrators: Members of Congress and staff are having trouble enrolling in ObamaCare
House conservatives in no rush to embrace “Kids Act” on immigration
House conservatives plot takedown of GOP’s amnesty plans
House conservatives reach out to K Street
House conservatives revolt over Senate shutdown deal
House conservatives: GOP leadership killed measure to defund ObamaCare
House group’s own immigration bill is likely to offer three paths
House hearing bursts out laughing at Obama’s “red line” on CR
House immigration group at an impasse
House immigration group reaches deal
House immigration reformers stuck in neutral
House immigration talks hang on health care
House intel chair: “Red line” has been crossed in Syria
House investigators questioning IRS Cincinnati workers
House may start immigration review soon
House of Cards? Obama and democracy
House passes bill banning abortions after 22 weeks
House passes continuing resolution that would defund ObamaCare, 230-189
House passes one-year ObamaCare delay, sends new CR back to Senate
House report: Holder deceived Congress in Rosen investigation
House source: GOP support for Syria strike may top out at no more than two dozen votes
House tea partiers snub GOP on 2014 donations
House unanimously approves back pay for 800,000 furloughed federal workers
House, Senate conservatives now coordinating publicly — to powerful effect
House-Senate showdown coming over border security
House: Senate immigration bill DOA
House’s rising stars are likely to campaign against leadership’s immigration push
House’s “Gang of Six” plots revolt on immigration
Housing: From bubble to bottleneck
How 1960s radicals ended up teaching your kids
How AIPAC is losing
How Ahmadinejad became an outcast
How Al Franken learned to stop worrying and love Big Brother
How Al Gore got to be Romney-level rich
How Al Jazeera became a shill for Egypt’s Islamists
How America learned to stop worrying and love marijuana
How America lost its nerve abroad
How America lost its way on business
How Americans can kill ObamaCare and legalize pot
How Anthony Weiner can win the NYC mayoral race
How Anwar al-Awlaki ended up in America’s crosshairs
How Ashley Judd can win
How Big Labor stumbled in Wisconsin
How Bin Laden outsmarted the U.S. and got what he wanted
How China’s one-child policy affects personality
How Chris Christie could win Iowa
How Chris Christie split the labor movement in New Jersey
How Chris Christie stacks up to Rudy Giuliani
How Christie can beat Hillary
How Christie can win in 2016
How Christie ended up in the jam
How Christie lost his way: He cared too much about Democratic endorsements
How Chuck Hagel and the sequester stalled Obama’s agenda
How Congress could discourage businesses from hiring U.S. citizens
How Dean Heller learned to love immigration reform
How Democratic divisions frustrate liberal dreams
How Democratic governors are steering their party to the left
How Democrats are aiming to make Texas a swing state
How Democrats convinced Ashley Judd not to run
How Democrats could lose the “values” debate
How Democrats kill jobs
How Democrats may lose their media edge
How Democrats misread gun-control polling
How Dennis Rodman can help the North Korean people
How Detroit went broke
How Edward Snowden turned unwitting journalists into activists
How Edward Snowden’s encrypted “insurance” file might work
How Edward Snowden’s victory hampers intelligence gathering
How Europe just made Obama’s Syria strike more complicated
How Facebook makes us unhappy
How Father Kapaun celebrated Easter in Korea in 1951
How France became America’s shooting buddy
How France got so lazy
How France’s cheese-eating surrender monkeys became interventionist gorillas
How Google Glass is redefining tech etiquette
How Google hopes to beat countries cracking down on Internet freedom
How Google plans to fight child pornography
How Harry Reid learned to love amnesty
How Hollywood and Silicon Valley took America
How Hollywood cloaked South Sudan in celebrity and fell for the “big lie”
How House GOP leaders are trying to avoid a shutdown over the budget
How I learned to love the nanny state
How I learned to stop worrying and love fracking
How I rediscovered faith
How Iran could get the bomb overnight
How Iran plans to stop Green Revolution 2.0
How Iran uses terror threats to successfully deter U.S. military action
How Iran went nuclear
How Israel won the Arab Spring
How JFK’s mistake led to the sequester mess
How Jackie Kennedy invented the Camelot myth
How Janet Yellen’s agenda could transform Washington
How Jeopardy’s controversial new champion is using game theory to win big
How Joe Manchin blew it
How John Boehner could lose his speakership
How John Boehner spared Democrats their own civil war
How Karl Rove went from GOP mastermind to the right’s punching bag
How Kentucky Democrats duped the media and elbowed out Ashley Judd
How Kermit Gosnell can save the pro-choice movement
How Libyan weapons and know-how reach the Syrian rebels
How MSNBC can party again like it’s 2012
How Marco Rubio lost on immigration
How Marco Rubio won on immigration
How Margaret Thatcher advanced women’s liberation
How Martin Bashir should have apologized
How Mike Lee is changing the Republican party
How NSA safeguards, or tries to safeguard, the privacy of Americans to their metadata
How Nancy Pelosi saved the NSA surveillance program
How Newt Gingrich won 2012
How Newtown wrecked Obama’s second term
How Obama accidentally deterred Iran
How Obama blew the entire last year
How Obama bungled his negotiations with Putin
How Obama can save the NSA
How Obama can win enough votes on Syria
How Obama crossed the line from BS to dishonesty
How Obama decided God was okay with gay marriage
How Obama fumbled Afghanistan
How Obama has contributed to his own aura of scandal
How Obama is enabling Russia’s rise in the Middle East
How Obama is soaking the young
How Obama learned to love the Clintons
How Obama misread the politics of gun control
How Obama squandered America’s influence in Egypt
How Obama wants to sweeten the bailout for insurers under Obamacare
How Obama wooed the middle class
How ObamaCare endangers your breasts
How ObamaCare killed immigration reform
How ObamaCare makes life hell for college profs
How ObamaCare misreads America
How ObamaCare rips off the “young healthies”
How ObamaCare widens the chasm between D.C. and flyover country
How ObamaCare will hurt doctors
How ObamaCare wrecks the work ethic
How ObamaCare’s individual mandate could go down
How ObamaCare’s “privacy nightmare” database really works
How Obamanomics left the middle class behind
How Obama’s political fortunes predict his economic message
How Obama’s scandals could swing the GOP primaries
How Obama’s tech team “revived” Healthcare.gov
How Obama’s white hat got stained
How Oberlin committed the hate crime of the year
How PRISM works
How Pakistan’s earthquake created an island
How Pat Toomey became the face of blue-state Republicans
How Pope Francis can finish what Occupy Wall Street started
How Pope Francis misunderstands the free market
How Putin turned Moscow back into a Middle East powerhouse
How Rand Paul became a liberal hero
How Rand Paul can shed his isolationist image
How Rand Paul’s using his class-action suit against the NSA to help his presidential campaign
How Republicans and Democrats ended up living apart
How Republicans are looking to close the digital divide against Democrats
How Republicans can sell the idea of delaying the individual mandate
How Republicans can win back the Senate
How Republicans can’t win in 2016
How Republicans could replace ObamaCare
How Republicans could win back the Senate in 2014
How Rick Santorum is laying the groundwork for another presidential run
How Romney could have won the popular vote
How Sarah Palin is right about Washington
How Senate Democrats are getting ready for November, in three easy steps
How Silicon Valley could destabilize the Democratic party
How Stephen Colbert’s sister could defeat Mark Sanford
How Steve King will kill immigration reform
How Syria ruined the Arab Spring
How Syria, a hurricane, or Ben Bernanke could move the debt ceiling deadline
How TV drama anticipated the news about PRISM and data-mining
How Ted Cruz can win by losing
How Ted Cruz can win in 2016
How Ted Cruz is trying to outmaneuver Rand Paul
How Tehran will spring its big “surprise” on Obama
How Twitter knows when you’re depressed
How Ukraine destroyed the myth of Russian power
How Van Halen explains the U.S. government
How Wall Street Republicans plan to extend their influence over the party
How Washington ruined governors
How Wendy Davis can get elected governor
How a 3D printer gave a man his face back
How a chaotic hostage rescue foreshadows Afghanistan’s post-American future
How a demon iPad stole my summer vacation
How a disjointed bureaucracy created the Healthcare.gov disaster
How a divorce can boost health insurance subsidies
How a government shutdown could wreak havoc on ObamaCare
How a left-wing billionaire bought the Oval Office
How a look at your Gmail reveals the power of metadata
How a presidency unravels
How a single IT guy could spy on the world
How about some gun control that actually works?
How adding iodine to salt produced a decade of IQ gains for the U.S.
How al-Shabaab picks its targets
How amnesty goes away
How an e-mail address disrupted plots in Britain and U.S.
How aspirin might stem cancer
How baby boomers became pro-pot legalization
How badly has Snowden wrecked American power?
How beer gave us civilization
How big business got behind gay rights
How blogging and Twitter are making us smarter
How business went “DEFCON 1″ in Arizona
How can conservatives win over young voters? Go for their gut
How can the U.S. bomb Syria when it’s trying to have “dialogue” with Iran?
How can we complain about China hacking us if we’re hacking China?
How can we condemn Putin after our many invasions?
How celibate gay Christians deal with desire
How colleges are making income inequality worse
How come Republicans don’t support gun control anymore?
How complex data can predict the war zones of the future
How conservatives adopt progressive priorities in constitutional interpretation
How conservatives mishandled Dr. Ben Carson
How could Obama let the Healthcare.gov website get to this point?
How covert agents infiltrate the Internet to manipulate, deceive, and destroy reputations
How dangerous is the rift among Democrats?
How debt-laden French cities avoid Detroit’s fate: Sue the banks
How defense spending will grow under sequester cuts
How did Gallup manage to blow the election?
How did Marco Rubio get attached to this immigration bill?
How did Snowden get a security clearance?
How did dinosaurs “do it”? Very carefully, of course
How did that woman survive 16 days in the Bangladesh rubble?
How did the Mohammed video make it into intelligence assessments about Benghazi?
How did the NSA get Google’s and Yahoo’s data?
How did the tax returns of a group opposed to gay marriage get leaked to political opponents?
How digital medicine will soon save your life
How do we know if security measures work against terrorists?
How do you vet a Syrian rebel? Answer: You can’t
How do you weaponize a rabbit?
How does NSA hack into e-mails?
How does Ted Cruz tick off liberals? Let us count the ways
How does a homeless man serve out a house arrest sentence?
How doomed are the Democrats in the Senate?
How e-cigarettes could save lives
How evolution determines the flavor of beer and whiskey
How expensive will citizenship be for illegals after immigration reform?
How faith can affect therapy
How fear of a cyber Pearl Harbor is uniting Washington
How fishing helps veterans heal — and land jobs
How fractured is the GOP?
How fragile is the new Democratic coalition?
How gay marriage became legitimate
How geography explains the United States
How going broke could leave America richer
How green is a Tesla, really?
How hackers stole 110 million Americans’ data from Target
How high did it go? Republicans to step up pressure on IRS at scandal hearing
How image-crazy Team Clinton shut down the Hillary biopics at CNN and NBC
How immigration reform and demographics could change presidential math
How immigration reform died
How is Valerie Jarrett magical? Let the White House count the ways
How liberal and conservative self-flattery promotes polarization
How liberals fell in love with the imperial presidency (again)
How liberals lost the word “patriot”
How libertarian will Republicans be in 2016?
How libertarians misread Reagan and sidelined the GOP
How likely are Democrats to lose the Senate?
How likely is it that Obama can flip the House in 2014?
How local video stores are scrambling to survive
How long before Democrats start calling for repeal?
How long can Boehner contain the rebellion?
How long can a severed head survive?
How long can the post-Boston unity last?
How long do they really have to fix that ObamaCare website?
How long is this war?
How long would limited strikes on Syria stay limited?
How lust affects the brain
How many American men are gay?
How many Americans are on the “kill list” now?
How many documents did Edward Snowden take — and how could he have read them all?
How many more Nidal Hasans in our ranks?
How many more “red lines” must Syria cross?
How many pot-smoking Americans would it take to destroy society?
How many wars is the U.S. fighting right now?
How many young adults do the ObamaCare exchanges need to enroll to be viable?
How medical pot is helping seniors get off (prescription) drugs
How millennials have already reshaped politics
How momentum for comprehensive immigration reform collapsed in the House
How much difference will Bloomberg’s anti-gun ads really make?
How much does a wonderful life cost?
How much does it cost to be ambassador to Hungary?
How much money does the Super Bowl really deliver to the city that hosts it?
How much news has the Obama administration successfully suppressed?
How much will a legal marijuana habit cost you?
How much will a war with Syria cost?
How much would an immigration bill help Republicans?
How much would the Saudis spend to stop the next Arab Spring?
How my brother tried to kill me in an “honor attack”
How not to correct the record
How not to fix climate change
How not to handle a scandal
How not to help the uninsured
How not to run a foreign policy
How nuclear power can stop global warming
How partisan bickering sabotaged America’s Middle East policy
How political correctness humiliated Navy SEALs who caught Al Qaeda killer
How popular tourist destinations will look submerged in 25 feet of water
How press complaints about lack of access to Obama’s golf outing backfired
How psychology went crazy
How race and religion have polarized American voters
How robots are eating the last of America’s—and the world’s—traditional manufacturing jobs
How roommates replaced spouses in the 20th century
How savvy Jenny Sanford is helping to spoil Mark’s comeback
How scared should you be about North Korea? Pretty scared
How secure is the papal election?
How serious is Obama about reforming the NSA and drone programs?
How should we treat American jihadists?
How smart phones are gutting other industries
How strong is the female sex drive after all?
How supersized portions cost the earth
How technology killed the future
How the 2013 World Press Photo of the Year was faked with Photoshop
How the Arab Spring turned into a win for Al Qaeda
How the CIA really caught Bin Laden’s trail
How the Center for American Progress conquered America
How the Clinton White House bungled healthcare reform
How the DOJ’s leak overreach is scrambling politics
How the FBI was blinded by political correctness
How the GOP can win
How the GOP forced Obama’s hands
How the GOP should fix ObamaCare
How the GOP’s “truce” on abortion has backfired
How the Gang of Eight became friends or something
How the Gang of Eight will sell immigration reform to conservatives
How the Hagel nomination looks in Tehran
How the IRS cover-up works
How the IRS scandal helped immigration reform
How the IRS scandal threatens ObamaCare
How the IRS wrecked your pension
How the Internet would have covered the first Thanksgiving
How the L.A. Times can stop the Kochs
How the LAPD is slowly getting it right
How the NRA eroded support for Obama’s gun-control push
How the Oregon Medicaid study should change our thinking
How the Paterno story evolved
How the SEAL raid on Somalia went bad
How the Snowden affair became a freak show
How the State of the Union gets written
How the Supreme Court could decide the future of broadcast television
How the U.S. lost its Syrian allies
How the Washington Post was lost
How the White House is helping to run immigration reform behind the scenes
How the White House is rebranding Obamacare for “young invincibles”
How the White House lost Snowden: Prioritizing legal channels over diplomacy
How the White House misjudges Al Qaeda
How the baby boomers saved everything
How the big court case against ObamaCare’s subsidies stacks up
How the blind perceive race
How the demographic shift could hurt Democrats too
How the disputed science of fetal pain is reshaping abortion law
How the employer mandate delay wreaks havoc with ObamaCare
How the feds use metadata to build your digital fingerprint
How the global middle class is killing democracy
How the government shut down an experiment in education
How the government shutdown is like the 1986 comedy “Ruthless People”
How the government spied on me
How the government turned comic books into propaganda
How the gun-control movement got smart
How the iPod president crashed: Obama’s broken technology promises
How the left is helping Republicans retake the Senate
How the linguistic standards of the SOTU have declined over time
How the maker of Turbo Tax fought the IRS’s efforts to make tax filing easier
How the media cover outrage: The “ooooopsi” model
How the media lied to distort a tragedy
How the media makes Cruz the issue instead of ObamaCare’s implementation
How the next debt-ceiling fight could play out
How the post office made America
How the shutdown could come back to haunt Democrats
How the smartphone killed the three-day weekend
How the tea party undermines conservatism
How the west dropped the ball on Ukraine
How the west enabled Snowden’s bid for Latin American asylum
How the west really lost God
How the “Redskins” debate goes over on an actual Indian reservation
How the “creative class” failed to remake America’s cities
How the “realists” misjudged Putin and Ukraine
How the “wolf of Wall Street” really did it
How to GOP hopes to make abortion a winning strategy
How to avoid the coming middle class meltdown
How to beat Al Qaeda in Yemen
How to beat Karl Rove at his own game
How to beat the “war on women”
How to boost workers’ productivity: Track their every move
How to build willpower for the weak
How to debunk the war on women
How to defeat a cyber jihad
How to defund ObamaCare
How to destroy ObamaCare from within
How to end the ObamaCare debate
How to explain the Swedish riots
How to explain the shutdown to your kids or something
How to fight ObamaCare: Delay, not defund
How to fight academic bigotry
How to fight for freedom in 2014
How to fight income inequality: Get married
How to fight the left-wing hate machine
How to fix our appalling tax code
How to fund the government — constitutionally
How to get Obama out of his bubble
How to get more women (and men) to call themselves feminists
How to hold the president accountable for his lethal decisions
How to humble a wingnut
How to improve our political debates
How to increase the crime rate nationwide
How to investigate the IRS
How to kick Putin in the teeth
How to kill Americans with geometry: A North Korean propaganda film for kids
How to legalize pot
How to make airline tickets less awful
How to make nerds rejoice
How to make school better for boys
How to manage your digital afterlife
How to narrow the widening partisan divide
How to opt out of ObamaCare
How to punish Putin
How to rebuild a dating culture
How to revive the GOP
How to run a “To Catch a Predator” sting in five easy steps
How to save Syria from Al Qaeda
How to save the Republican Party, courtesy of two Democrats
How to save the Republican party
How to seal a gunshot wound in 15 seconds
How to stop robots from taking all our jobs
How to teach computers common sense
How to understand “evolving” politicians
How to unwind ObamaCare
How to win African-Americans: Ditch the color-blind idealism and find the black interests conservatives can serve
How to win a cyberwar with China
How to win arguments at Christmas
How to win in 2014: Stop Obama, promote the farm team
How to win in Virginia as a liberal Democrat
How to win the Obama-Walker voters
How to win this year’s Thanksgiving Day political arguments
How trolls turn our tragedies into partisan food fights
How tweets reveal your age
How we lost Yemen
How we won in Iraq — and why that victory is now at risk
How we’re losing the Internet to lowest of low-information young liberals
How widespread is Islamic fundamentalism in Western Europe?
How widespread is sex-selective abortion?
How will Democrats defend ObamaCare’s “risk corridor” program from GOP criticism?
How will Republicans win in 2024?
How will conservatives greet Mitt Romney’s reappearance?
How will he pay for it? Fiscal realities put Obama agenda in question
How will we know when the ObamaCare site is fixed?
How your company is watching your waistline
How your knees can predict the weather
How “Free to Be … You and Me” emasculated men
How “Sweetie” helped snare 1,000 would-be child predators
How “The Daily Show” railroads the people it interviews
How “debt ceilings” increase debt
How “lawless” is Obama?
Howard Dean open to presidential bid
Howard Dean “testing the waters” in Iowa and New Hampshire
Howard Dean: I doubt the ObamaCare website will be fixed by November 30th
Howard Dean: “God help us” if Ted Cruz becomes president
Howard Kurtz to join Fox News
Howard Zinn and the art of anti-Americanism
How’s Obama snub of Putin is playing in Russia
Hubris has a way of ruining grand designs
Huckabee and libido: If meaning can be so easily misinterpreted, how far must we go to avoid controversy?
Huckabee eyes 2016 presidential bid; pastors press him to run
Huckabee headed to Iowa
Huckabee quietly visits NH, meets with top 2008 campaign backers
Huckabee reluctant, but not ruling out 2016
Huckabee rips critics of “libido” comments
Huckabee woos pro-life crowd: “I can be the full spectrum of conservative”
Huckabee: 50-50 chance I’ll run
Huckabee: Evangelicals will leave if the GOP backs gay marriage
Huckabee: Obama will be ousted over Benghazi
Huckabee: The left is trying to “knock me out early”
HuffPo’s guest at White House Correspondents’ dinner: Chris Christie?
Huffington Post is just a Hugo Chavez fanpage now
Hugo Chavez and the enduring legacy of despots
Hugo Chavez was a pretty awful economic manager, huh?
Hugo Chavez’s body to be displayed publicly a la Lenin’s, of course
Hugo Chavez’s cheering section
Huma Abedin to take “extended vacation” from Team Hillary
Huma and Anthony: Washington horror couple
Human Rights Watch report: Syrian rebels killing civilians too
Human Rights Watch: Yes, it was Assad’s troops that used chemical weapons in Damascus
Human props in the ObamaCare debate
Human rights groups issue report accusing U.S. of violating international law with drone strikes
Human supersenses may become a reality
Humana says mix of ObamaCare enrollment worse than expected
Humanity is not a plague on Earth
Humanity to begin testing for Terminators
Humility or cynicism? Whatever’s driving Obama is better than nothing
Hundreds in Pakistan pay tribute to Bin Laden
Hundreds of Europeans fighting in Syria, says EU expert
Hundreds of protesters turn their backs on Margaret Thatcher’s coffin
Hunger strike by Gitmo detainees is growing
Hunting a chimp on a killing spree
Huntsman etching a new conservative brand or something
Hyper-sexualized, asexual America
Hypothetical matchup in Alaska: Clinton 49, Palin 40
Hysterical hypocrisy on filibusters from the New York Times
I am not a fan of Edward Snowden or his millennial upbringing
I am not a fan of these 3-D printable guns
I am not a fan of these heartless Republicans
I am not a fan of these “Duck Dynasty” people
I am not a fan of this GOP messaging on ObamaCare
I am not a fan of this Phil Robertson
I am not a fan of this Rand Paul person
I am not happy about that gun-control vote
I came, I saw, I skedaddled: Decisive moments in Obama leadership history
I can’t explain why we shouldn’t murder disabled children
I can’t wait to eat cicadas
I caught a falling baby
I could justify fighting in Afghanistan — until the Boston bombing
I despair as I watch the erosion of the liberal views I hold dear
I didn’t see the value of gay marriage until I went from being a lesbian to dating a man
I do not care for these pro-gun absolutists
I do not care for this Ted Cruz character
I don’t have the balls to get a vasectomy
I don’t stand with Wendy Davis
I don’t want my daughter to be “nice”
I dread the day my daughter’s poos get smaller
I endorse Mark Sanford for Congress
I get enormous undeserved attention for being beautiful
I had great cancer doctors and insurance. Now my plan is canceled.
I just don’t want kids
I left my job over a computer-desktop hoodie
I married young. What are the rest of you waiting for?
I never wanted to take your guns away
I saw JFK murdered when I was six years old
I see dead people on Twitter. All the time.
I spent the last 37 years writing about guns before being fired for supporting mild gun control
I sure am excited about Hillary’s new Twitter account
I sure am excited about ObamaCare
I sure do hate these tea-party “scorpions”
I think the debt-ceiling deadlock is for real this time
I too heartily endorse the Redskins changing their name
I tried Google Glasses and now I can’t live without them
I want ObamaCare but you go first
I want to be a mayor
I want to be friends with Republicans
I want you all to know that I’m dropping the middle initial from my byline
I was addicted to money
I was an NFL player until I was fired by two cowards and a bigot
I was struck by lightning yesterday — and boy am I sore
I was swallowed by a hippo
I was wrong about Chris Christie
I was wrong about Nelson Mandela
I wish Elizabeth Warren was the Democratic party’s future, but she isn’t
I wish the south would leave the union again
I wish we could be more like Singapore
I worked on the US drone program. The public should know what really goes on.
I, like David Brooks, have smoked marijuana
IBM to move retirees off company health plan, on to ObamaCare exchanges
IBM’s Watson made me a kebab
ICE admits hundreds of illegal immigrants with criminal records released
ICE agent admits law limiting welfare for immigrants not enforced
ICE union head: “Zero confidence any promises of future enforcement will be fulfilled”
ICE union president: Rubio needs to leave the Gang of Eight
ID verification lagging on health care website
IPCC report: It’s clear humans are causing climate change
IPCC report: World won’t cool at this point without geoengineering
IRS abandoned tea-party probes due to “concerns” over media attention
IRS agent: Tax agency is still targeting tea party groups
IRS agents tell House committee that the targeting started in D.C.
IRS and NSA: The sum of all fears
IRS approved dozens of tea-party groups — once congressional scrutiny began
IRS approved liberal groups while Tea Partiers were stuck in limbo
IRS chief counsel involved in targeting controversy
IRS could face blame for ObamaCare’s unexpected tax bite
IRS employee union: We don’t want ObamaCare
IRS enforcement of individual mandate may be light
IRS inquisition update: Targeting Jewish groups too?
IRS puts two on leave over lavish 2010 conference
IRS rationale for tea-party scandal is debunked by data
IRS scandal raises fears about enforcing ObamaCare
IRS scandal: What we still haven’t learned
IRS scrutiny of tea-party groups was deeper than thought
IRS sources: We just weren’t clear about the rules
IRS spied on tea-party groups even after granting tax-exempt status
IRS supervisor in DC admits she scrutinized early tea-party cases
IRS targeted donors to GOP group too
IRS targeting of conservatives could resonate in 2014
IRS tax-credit scandal a bad omen for ObamaCare
IRS workers turn to elite D.C. lawyers for defense
IRS, DOJ, and Benghazi expose the limits of Obama’s big-government vision
IRS: Our $60K Star Trek training film not exactly fascinating
IRS: We can read e-mails without a warrant
IRS’s Lerner had history of harassment, inappropriate religious inquiries at FEC
IRS’s Shulman had more public White House visits than any cabinet member
IT experts dubious that ObamaCare website can be fixed in five weeks
IT experts on Healthcare.gov website’s problems: “The site basically DDOS’d itself”
Ice dancing is not a sport
Iceland working on banning online porn
Icelandic MPs push for asylum for Snowden
Iconic cathedral finally to be completed — 144 years later
Ideally, Jason Collins shouldn’t be news
Identity politics eats itself
If 2013 was hard on ObamaCare, wait for 2014
If Alex Jones can appear on the air, American liberty is still intact
If America was a start-up we’d all quit
If China wants respect, it has to act on North Korea
If Christians can build statues, so can Satanists
If Democrats can’t beat Mark Sanford, what chance do they have?
If Democrats care so much about income inequality, why aren’t they focused on education?
If Detroit cares about its future, it’ll sell its art masterpieces
If Egypt doesn’t get this IMF loan, another coup could be coming
If France surpassing the U.S. as the principal guardian of human rights?
If Harry Reid goes for the nuclear option, nuclear winter will follow
If Hezbollah wins Syria
If Hillary’s a lock, what’s a Democrat to do? Campaign for veep
If North Korea already has the bomb, then so does Iran
If Obama and Boehner sat down to negotiate, what would they even discuss?
If Obama disapproves of force-feeding Gitmo detainees, why doesn’t he stop it?
If Obama had real foreign policy achievements, no one would be excited about the Iran deal
If Obama want to advance his agenda, he should sit down and keep quiet
If Obama were a CEO in the private sector, he’d be prosecuted for fraud
If Obama’s Syria promises mean nothing, how can we trust him on Iran?
If Rubio’s amnesty is so great, why is he lying?
If Snowden tries to get to America, Cuba could be key
If Snowden wasn’t a spy before he went to Russia, he might be now
If Syria is a proxy war, what’s the U.S. interest?
If Syria is using sarin, Obama must act
If U.S. doesn’t arm Syria’s rebels, Arabs, Europeans might
If U.S. troops leave Afghanistan, much civilian aid may go too
If Washington were “Game of Thrones”
If a driverless car crashes, who’s liable?
If amnesty wins, blame Ted Cruz
If computers can now predict our behavior, should governments watch our every move?
If guns cause more violence, where’s the exploding crime rate?
If healthcare is a fundamental right, Obama is violating it
If history is any measure, the clock is ticking on Assad to disarm
If it’s not mandatory, is it “banned”?
If libertarians support work over welfare, why also support open borders?
If not Hillary for the Democrats in 2016, who?
If not Hillary in 2016, then who?
If only Kermit Gosnell had worn pink sneakers like Wendy Davis
If only our foreign enemies were Republicans
If only we’d passed single-payer instead
If the GOP is this stupid, it deserves to die
If the Tsarnaevs had killed the man they carjacked, they might still be loose
If the U.S. had a state-run media, what difference would it make?
If the devil had to invent a video game, it would be “Grand Theft Auto”
If the sun went out, how long could life on earth survive?
If these conservatives are worried about debt, they should be worried about climate change
If this lunch isn’t free, I’m writing my Congressman
If we can’t ease sanctions in exchange for concessions, what was the point of pressuring Iran?
If we don’t cut aid to Egypt now, we’re complicit in the army’s acts
If we follow Rand Paul, it’ll lead to defeat
If we hit the debt ceiling: Default is unlikely, recession is certain
If we want more freedom, what we need is more “social insurance”
If we want more income equality, should we return to the economy of George W. Bush?
If you believe in government, you should be furious about ObamaCare’s incompetent rollout
If you don’t allow government cameras in your home, do the terrorists win?
If you hate the term “assualt weapon,” you’ll really hate “assault magazine”
If you know how a cow feels, will you eat less meat?
If you like your aerobics instructor, you can keep your aerobics instructor
If you like your doctor, you might not be able to keep your doctor
If you like your monster, you can keep it
If you own Apple stock and don’t buy global warming, the CEO doesn’t want your money
If you send your kids to private school, you are a bad person
If you start geoengineering to halt global warming, don’t stop
If you think America should go to war in Syria, you haven’t been paying attention
If you think communism is bad for people, check out what it did to the environment
If you want Obama to rein in the NSA, you’re about to be disappointed
If you want a conservative child
If you want the death penalty for the Aurora shooter, you’re like the Taliban or something
If you want to stop gun violence, start with bullets
If your dog likes his plan, he can keep his plan
If your dog’s about to die, why not clone it?
If your foreign policy has to be rescued by a dictator, you’re doing it wrong
If you’re a self-loathing Washington journalist, you’re doing it wrong
If you’re having kids, do not get a dog
If zombies were real, what would be going on in their brains?
Ignore the unemployment rate
Ikrima, target of U.S. raid in Somalia, has tried to extend al-Shabab’s reach in Kenya
Illegal border crossings are surging in Texas
Illegal immigrant college students begin receiving state-funded financial aid in California
Illegal immigrants are increasingly winning their deportation cases in immigration courts
Illegal immigrants could get health insurance in California
Illegal immigrants pelt border agents with rocks, bottles during a California altercation
Illegals skate on “public charge” welfare rule in Gang of Eight bill
Image of the day: King Dong
Image of the day: The chubby American male
Images: The floating city
Imagine the tweets during the Cuban Missile Crisis
Imagining Obama’s apology to Bush
Imagining a remapped Middle East
Imagining the post-antibiotics future
Immigrant youth leaders signal they may be open to GOP compromise
Immigrants, anti-immigrants, and Americans
Immigration activists in “all-out harassment mode” to demand reform
Immigration activists: Christie told us he’d back in-state tuition for illegals
Immigration advocates consider “compromise” plan: Legalization for illegals, but no special path to citizenship
Immigration and the nonsense consensus
Immigration bill could exclude many
Immigration bill sprinkled with pork for Gang of Eight
Immigration bill would import 1 million workers per year
Immigration deal in limbo as business, labor clash
Immigration double kabuki
Immigration endgame: The GOP’s in a tough spot
Immigration fight moves to House, with deep divide over legalization
Immigration fight to move to the real battleground: The House
Immigration hardliners: No room for us at CPAC
Immigration hawks turning lonely eyes to Bobby Jindal
Immigration impasse could rekindle fight over deportations
Immigration is part of America’s heritage
Immigration lobby prepares to camp out in Republican districts over recess
Immigration momentum growing in House
Immigration negotiations head closer to a deal
Immigration poses threat of another Republican rift
Immigration reform activists ready to turn to anger or something
Immigration reform advocates scorn Rubio after his reversal
Immigration reform could be a political bonanza for Democrats, you know
Immigration reform deal hangs on border security
Immigration reform heads for a slow death
Immigration reform is dead and ObamaCare killed it
Immigration reform is conservative
Immigration reform supporters plan to turn up the heat on the House in August
Immigration reform: 17 million new voting-age citizens by 2036?
Immigration reform: How many new immigrants are we talking about?
Immigration reform: The coming fight over the low-skilled-worker visa
Immigration reform’s narrow window for survival
Immigration talks gaining momentum in House, with help from Paul Ryan
Immigration vote may have to wait until October, says Paul Ryan
Immigration “plan B” for amnesty backers focuses on the White House
Immigration: It takes two
Immigration: Passing the bill to find out what’s in it, again
Immigration: This time it’s different?
Immigration: What would Reagan do?
Immigration sophistry
Immigration’s latest ally: The Christian right
Immigration’s next hurdle: Obamacare
Impasse with Afghanistan raises prospect of total U.S. withdrawal in 2014
Impeachment lessons: The 90s taught us that guilt doesn’t matter, political will is
Implementing ObamaCare is an “impossible endeavor”
Important science question of the day: Which personality traits determine breast-feeding?
Important science question of the day
Important scientific mystery, solved: How birds lose their penises
Important scientific question of the day
In 2016, it’s all about Hillary… and Elizabeth?
In 27 states, unemployment is at its lowest in at least four years
In AP case, little evidence that DOJ broke the law
In Arizona, the GOP shows how easily it will cave on religious liberty
In August, silence = amnesty
In Benghazi, the CIA trusted local militia that melted away
In California, legal immigrants doing another job that Americans won’t do
In California, “moderate Democrat” is an oxymoron
In China, “cancer villages” are a way of life
In Connecticut, a struggle to launch ObamaCare
In Cyprus, the EU sets a new standard for stupidity
In Egypt, America’s influence appears limited
In Egypt, anger at Islamists brings calls for military to reclaim power
In Egypt, the “deep state” rises again
In Geneva, the French hold out for tougher conditions on Iran than the U.S. does
In Hagel filibuster, all eyes on McCain
In Indiana, a big win for school choice
In Iowa, Brian Schweitzer takes aim at Hillary’s Iraq vote
In Iowa, Santorum to push back on GOP social-issue shifts
In Iran, walking your dog is a symbol of resistance
In New Jersey, calling a classmate “fat ass” is now a courtroom matter
In ObamaCare, beleaguered IRS faces a crucial test
In Syria, America loses if either side wins
In Syria, a glimpse of wars to come
In Syria, go big or stay home
In Syria, ousting Assad may be only the beginning
In Syria, the jihadist campaign for hearts and minds
In Ted Cruz v. Paul Ryan, Ryan wins
In Tehran, phone call between presidents is as good as a handshake
In a crisis, Republicans again turn to Mitch McConnell
In a dangerous world, Obama is just wishing away America’s problems
In a difficult shift, the CIA prepares to focus more on spying
In a sequester fight, Congress would beat Obama
In a twist, children help propel gay-marriage ruling
In announcing unfavorable news, timing is everything
In another country
In classified cyberwar against Iran, trail of Stuxnet leak leads to White House
In defense of Christine O’Donnell
In defense of Chris Christie
In defense of GOP consultants: It’s the candidates’ fault
In defense of Kathleen Sebelius
In defense of Lois Lerner
In defense of Obama’s drone-strike policy
In defense of Obama’s drone war
In defense of Ted Cruz
In defense of book banning
In defense of carbon dioxide
In defense of drones: The worst form of war, except for all the others
In defense of food stamps
In defense of having an only child: Yes, I am that selfish
In defense of leading from behind
In defense of not working
In defense of populist rhetoric
In defense of resisting Obamacare
In defense of smart women who fall for jerks
In defense of tabloid TV
In defense of taping Mitch McConnell, and everyone else
In defense of the IRS
In defense of the selfie
In defense of Huma
In defense of PRISM
In defense of creationists
In defense of football
In diverse U.S., Santa Claus has many faces, races
In embrace of “Duck Dynasty” star, 2016 hopefuls make bid for evangelicals
In fact, ObamaCare’s enrollment rate slowed markedly last month
In gay marriage cases, Supreme Court might choose caution over boldness
In immigration bill, the job protection that never happened
In making a play for the House, Obama could lose the Senate
In many states, the recovery is making the income gap worse
In modest defense of Obama’s Middle East strategy
In new immigration deal, a big favor for Alaska
In post-nuclear Senate, Obama nominee thumbs nose at lawmakers
In praise of Boehner, McConnell, and the establishment
In praise of Sochi schadenfreude
In praise of libertarian judgmentalism
In praise of partisan media
In praise of the small Thanksgiving
In praise of breakfast
In praise of paranoia
In public opinion on abortion, few absolutes
In race to launch insurance sites, states that started small win out
In reversal, Obama to end the effort to restrict the morning-after pill
In scandal’s wake, Obama’s hardball tactics could backfire
In search of the Obama doctrine
In second term, Obama is all politics, all the time
In secret letter, Senate Democratic women rally behind Hillary Clinton
In secret, FISA court vastly broadens power of NSA
In shift, Republicans want ObamaCare fix
In some states, gays fight for right to divorce
In the IRS and AP scandals, a frighteningly impotent government
In the IRS scandal, echoes of Watergate
In the aftermath of a post-nuclear Senate, everyone’s dug in deeper
In the beginning was the Word. Now the Word is on an app.
In the tank: Media Matters posts talking points defending DOJ investigation of AP reporters
In the trenches with the ObamaCare army
In this present time, sustainable conservatism
In tomorrow’s wars, battles are fought with 3-D printers
In two charts: Why Hillary (and Bill) Clinton damn well better hope ObamaCare succeeds
Inarticulate Republicans
Income inequality isn’t really the problem
Independent study: Border security is probably even less adequate than we think it is
Independents are poised to disrupt the party system
India is drowning in its own excrement
Indian court rules that any couple who have sex are legally married
Indian election: Frankenstein vs. Hitler
Indiana finds it’s not so easy to buck gay-marriage trend
India’s sitting on a time bomb of violence against women
Industry sources: No improvement in ObamaCare website in second week
Industry, not environmentalists, killed incandescent bulbs
Inequality and our modern culture of celebrity
Inequality: Obama picks the wrong war
Inevitable: Maker’s Mark reverses decision to cut alcohol content
Infantile conservatism
Influential House Dem Luis Gutierrez sounds open to House GOP immigration plan
Influential Sunni cleric refuses to sit with Jews over Israel’s Palestinian policies
Infographic: Hispanics don’t hate Republicans
Infographic: The life of Julia, amnesty applicant
Inhofe: Obama could be impeached over Benghazi
Inmate’s last words: “Wow! That is great. That is awesome! Thank you, warden!”
Insane school unleashes fake masked gunman for civics experiment
Insanity: Seventh-grader suspended three days for gun keychain the size of a quarter
Inside America’s underground network for adopted children
Inside Boehner’s plan to avoid a shutdown (and wound ObamaCare)
Inside Boehner’s strategy to slow-walk immigration to the finish line
Inside Israel’s vast supposed network of animal spies
Inside Khaled Sheikh Mohammed’s cell at Gitmo
Inside Obama’s Iran sanctions strategy
Inside Obama’s plan to squeeze Russia
Inside Putin’s paranoid vision
Inside the Army’s spectacular hidden treasure room
Inside the Boy Scout battle to repeal the gay ban
Inside the GOP’s immigration “principles” showdown
Inside the Pentagon’s “black budget”
Inside the hidden world of thefts and scams at America’s nonprofits
Inside the late-term abortion industry
Inside the making of ObamaCare
Inside the minds of JFK conspiracy theorists
Inside the monied Republican plan to neutralize the tea party
Inside the randy culture of the CIA
Inside the secret Chinese camps curing Internet addiction
Inside the weirdly bipartisan, very optimistic world of prison reform
Inside the “brosurance” ObamaCare ads
Instead of a grand bargain, how about a modest bargain?
Instead of delaying the mandate, how about we give ObamaCare some more money?
Instead of running scared of the tea party, Lamar Alexander’s running hard against it
Insurance brokers wonder: Will I get paid for signing people up for ObamaCare plans?
Insurance industry sources dispute HHS claims that data problems are “isolated”
Insurance industry sources on ObamaCare website: “Things are worse behind the curtain than in front of it”
Insurance providers are already behind, disrupting medical services for patients
Insurers oppose ObamaCare extension as danger to profits
Insurers press for way around Healthcare.gov
Insurers restricting choice of doctors and hospitals to keep costs down
Insurers say back end of Healthcare.gov still isn’t working
Insurers say they’re in ObamaCare for the long haul
Insurers wary of new Obamacare fix for January health plans
Insurers worry about big gaps in ObamaCare site
Insurers, White House argue against delaying health-care deadline
Insurers, consumers await HHS guidance as deadline looms
Insurers, state officials say cancellation of health care policies just as they predicted
Insurers: 20% of new ObamaCare enrollees have yet to pay first premium
Insurers: Early buyers of ObamaCare plans are older people, not the “young invincibles” they need
Intel heads: Edward Snowden did “profound damage” to U.S. security
Intel sources reveal: U.S. quietly watched yearlong rise in chemical weapons use by Syrian regime
Intel: Intercepted Iranian message orders hit on U.S. embassy in Iraq if Syria is struck
Intelligence on Al Qaeda embassy threat was received “months” ago?
Intercepted calls prove Syria army used nerve gas, say U.S. spies
Interfaith unions: A mixed blessing
Internal WH assessment: It’s time for Obama to distance himself from Congress
Internal doc reveals ICE plan to release thousands of illegal immigrants
Internal probe finds US embassy in Beirut insecure, lacks terror training
Internet companies involved in new effort to disclose more on NSA requirements
Internet-speak is improving English because empathy
Intervening in Syria is in our interest
Intervention in Syria will only make things worse
Interview with Edward Snowden: The NSA and its willing helpers
Interviews are a bad way to predict job performance. Why are we still doing them?
Introducing the Obama scandal bracket
Inventor of the Internet surprised to find it’s been taken over by kittens
Investigating terror in the age of Twitter
Investigation IDs IRS agent who leaked personal info on National Organization for Marriage
Investigators believe Snowden may have stayed with a Russian in Hong Kong
Investigators scrutinize, obtain DNA from Boston bomber’s wife
Iowa GOP to Christie: Don’t skip caucuses
Iowa HHS: Everyone in the state who just signed up for ObamaCare should reapply
Iowa Straw Poll might live on for some reason
Iowa doesn’t matter as much as you think
Iowa family values group to welcome … Donald Trump?
Iowa invite gives Rand Paul a leg up on 2016
Iowa poll of Republicans: 67% want Ryan to run again, 65% want Huckabee to run
Iowa: Christie 41, Hillary 41
Iowa: Christie 45, Hillary 40
Iowa’s GOP fears its role in presidential selection is diminishing
Iran and North Korea: Obama’s dangerous nuclear dance
Iran and its apologists
Iran announces 34 new nuclear energy sites
Iran announces uranium discovery, plans to expand nuke program
Iran attempts to silence its “Death to America” chants
Iran confiscates Buddha statues in crackdown on “cultural invasion”
Iran deal could allow peaceful nuclear program, Obama says
Iran deal leaves Israel with few options
Iran dismisses Israeli president’s offer to meet with Rouhani
Iran dubs France a “gun-slinging frog” over nuclear deal failure
Iran emerging as the victor in the Syrian conflict
Iran has 18,000 uranium centrifuges, says outgoing nuclear chief
Iran intensifies its violent campaign against Jews
Iran is biggest test for Obama’s often rocky ties with Netanyahu
Iran is not our friend
Iran lawmakers treaten nuclear speed-up if Congress adds sanctions
Iran president pushes “RouhaniCare”
Iran says to continue building at Arak nuclear site despite deal
Iran seeking a strategic axis with Egypt
Iran seen trying new path to nuclear bomb
Iran snubs Syria peace talks after Kerry suggests it could play a role “from the sidelines”
Iran staying below nuclear red line ahead of coming presidential election
Iran steps up weapons lifeline to Assad
Iran to UN: Seriously, we promise we won’t build nukes
Iran to chair UN’s … arms control forum
Iran wants sanctions relief — and the bomb
Iran was never ready to deal on nukes
Iran, west reach deal for six-month halt to Iranian enrichment program
Iran-US talks: Path to peace, of confidence game?
Iran: If Congress imposes new sanctions, our deal with the west is over
Iran: Use of chemical arms by anyone in Syria is “red line”
Iran: We’re building 3,000 new uranium centrifuges
Iran: We’ve captured another American drone
Iran: White House lying about details of nuke deal
Iranian FM: We’re 100% committed to reaching a final nuclear deal
Iranian clerics criticize Ahmadinejad for hugging Chavez’s mother
Iranian commander: We have targets within America
Iranian foreign minister: New sanctions from Congress would kill our nuclear deal with Obama
Iranian leaders: We need more babies
Iranian media criticize Oscar win for “Argo”
Iranian official on nuke deal: “We did not agree to dismantle anything”
Iranian official: Israel to be the “first victim” of a U.S. attack on Syria
Iranian parliament speaker says Palestinians can achieve victory like Mandela did
Iranian president: Our beliefs prevent us from pursuing nukes
Iranian president: “I announce to our people that our enrichment activities will continue as before”
Iranian soldiers fighting for Assad in Syria, says State Department official
Iranian supreme leader rejects U.S. call for direct talks on nuke program
Iranians forces are training Shiite militiamen from across the Arab world to do battle in Syria
Iran’s Ahmadinejad could face 74 lashes over election “violation”
Iran’s Plan B for the bomb
Iran’s Revolutionary Guard: We’re committed to “Death to America”
Iran’s Rouhani boasts: I rejected Obama five times
Iran’s cyberwarfare czar is allegedly assasinated
Iran’s dangerous “moderate”
Iran’s elite military warns of dangers of dealing with U.S
Iran’s fingerprints in Fallujah
Iran’s hardliners keep their criticism of nuclear pact to themselves
Iran’s messenger has changed. Its message has not.
Iran’s new president has already revealed his true nuclear intentions
Iran’s new president is lipstick on a pig
Iran’s top leaders praise spirit of Christmas
Iran’s un-bombable nuclear reactor
Iraq and Libya haunt Obama’s Syria policy
Iraq didn’t destroy the GOP, but Iran might
Iraq foreign minister: We can’t stop Iran arms flights to Syria
Iraq is back on the brink of civil war
Iraq on the brink, again
Iraq tries novel ways to curb rising violence — including moats
Iraq war groups MIA on Syria
Iraq: It’s too soon to tell
Iraq: Where terrorists go to school
Iraqi Kurds reach out to Baghdad to fight surging Al Qaeda
Iraqi oil: Once seen as a boon to U.S., now it mostly belongs to China
Iraq’s Shiite prime minister seeks alliances with Sunnis
Iraq’s Sunni sheikhs take the fight to Al Qaeda in Fallujah
Ireland becomes first EU country to ban cigarette branding
Irish stew: Where abortion and national identity collide
Is 13-year-old Jahi McMath alive or dead?
Is 21 valedictorians too many?
Is 41 percent the ceiling for NSA support?
Is 72 the new 30?
Is Al Qaeda aiding Bashar Assad?
Is Al Qaeda on the run, or are we?
Is Al Qaeda’s Yemen plot actually about preventing the group from splitting apart?
Is America really so exceptional?
Is America turning Canadian?
Is Anthony Weiner seriously going to be New York’s next mayor?
Is Arab chaos America’s problem?
Is Ben Carson 2016′s sleeper candidate?
Is Ben Carson the Republican who can defeat Hillary Clinton?
Is Bill Maher right that libertarians are ruining libertarianism?
Is Bobby Jindal the new Mitt Romney?
Is Boehner out of ideas on how to end the shutdown?
Is California the great ObamaCare success story?
Is China finished?
Is Chris Christie too fat to be president?
Is Christianity dying in Britain?
Is Christie the foreign policy candidate?
Is Christie toast?
Is Christie’s old-school style marketable?
Is Chuck Schumer the new Ted Kennedy?
Is Colorado turning away from Democrats?
Is Cory Booker the Democrats’ Marco Rubio?
Is Cory Booker overrated?
Is God dying?
Is Harry Reid bluffing on the filibuster?
Is Hillary Clinton too old to run?
Is Hillary blocking a new generation of Democratic leaders?
Is Hillary the next Mitt Romney?
Is Hillary too hawkish for Democrats?
Is Hollywood kowtowing to China?
Is Homer Simpson a positive role model for kids?
Is Howard Dean running for president again?
Is Israel doomed?
Is James Bond an alcoholic?
Is Jeb old news?
Is Joe the Plumber a union man? “You betcha”
Is John Kerry a better secretary of state than Hillary?
Is John Kerry on the cusp of an Israel-Palestine peace talks breakthrough?
Is Kerry the worst secretary of state ever?
Is Kim Jong Un crazy — or crazy like a fox?
Is Latvia next? Russian ambassador’s comments rile Riga
Is Libya Al Qaeda’s new hotbed?
Is Mark Sanford actually going to lose?
Is Michael Bloomberg the right person to lead the gun-control fight?
Is Michelle Obama about to honor an anti-American anti-semite?
Is Middle East upheaval bringing Sunni and Shiite jihadis together or leading them to war?
Is Mitch McConnell in trouble in Kentucky’s Senate race?
Is Mitch McConnell the new underdog?
Is Morsi favoring Israel over Hamas?
Is Mother’s Day sexist?
Is New York’s de Blasio prompting a repositioning by the Clintons?
Is OFA fundraising off the Navy Yard massacre?
Is Obama a lame duck already?
Is Obama already a lame duck?
Is Obama an imperial president?
Is Obama being too mean to the White House press corps?
Is Obama capable of triangulating?
Is Obama enabling tyranny in Egypt?
Is Obama going for broke in Washington’s fiscal fight?
Is Obama out of ideas?
Is Obama retreating from ObamaCare?
Is Obama serious about a grand bargain?
Is Obama staying out of Syria to appease Iran?
Is Obama still president?
Is Obama telling the truth about sequestration?
Is Obama trying to kill a free press?
Is ObamaCare a giant churn operation?
Is ObamaCare challenging enough for Obama?
Is ObamaCare good for entrepreneurs?
Is ObamaCare in a death spiral?
Is ObamaCare propaganda creeping into our favorite TV shows?
Is ObamaCare putting Colorado’s Udall in danger?
Is ObamaCare really an improvement on the status quo?
Is ObamaCare responsible for the recent slowdown in health-care costs?
Is ObamaCare the end of the new Democratic coalition?
Is ObamaCare unraveling?
Is ObamaCare’s messy rollout redeeming the shutdown?
Is Obama overexposed?
Is Obama stupid?
Is Obama’s “administrative fix” legal?
Is Obama’s “like it/keep it” fix legal?
Is PRISM really a scandal?
Is Paul Ryan the GOP’s next Jack Kemp?
Is Piers Morgan for the children or for the ratings?
Is Pope Francis a revolutionary?
Is President Obama the worst president, ever?
Is Puerto Rico the new Detroit?
Is Putin, a big Assad supplier, seriously going to disarm him?
Is Rand Paul double-talking libertarians and evangelicals?
Is Rand Paul going mainstream or vice versa?
Is Rand Paul in a fight with Christie or with the entire GOP donor class?
Is Rand Paul or Ted Cruz the future of the tea party?
Is Rand Paul really worried about inter-species marriage?
Is Rick Perry viable in 2016?
Is Rouhani bringing an end to Iran’s “death to America” chants?
Is Rubio the most “electable” Republican?
Is Rubio trapped on immigration reform?
Is Russia committing an act of war?
Is Russia’s destiny autocratic?
Is Scott Walker the answer?
Is Sebelius’s solicitation of private industry support for ObamaCare illegal, or merely unethical?
Is Sherlock Holmes a good detective?
Is Snowden still in Moscow’s airport?
Is Syria moving its chemical weapons?
Is Syria now a direct threat to the U.S.?
Is Tebow’s NFL career over?
Is Ted Cruz lying low on immigration?
Is Ted Cruz now the frontrunner in Iowa?
Is Tim Tebow being blackballed by the NFL?
Is Turkey leaving the west?
Is Ukraine another Egypt?
Is Ukraine the Cold War’s final episode?
Is a grand bargain the only way out?
Is a new mini-ice age on the way?
Is a third Palestinian intifada on the way?
Is all the talk about cyberwarfare just hype?
Is another Great War possible?
Is another Republican wave building?
Is any due process for targeted killings even possible?
Is baseball irrelevant?
Is bombing Syria Obama’s best bad option?
Is bullying always bad for our kids?
Is capitalism moral?
Is celibacy a sin? The NYT has a view
Is circumcision a right?
Is citizenship dying in the U.S. and Canada?
Is college for everyone?
Is democracy dying?
Is disability the new welfare?
Is employment a “human right”?
Is giving your seat to a pregnant woman really sexist?
Is global warming behind the polar vortex?
Is heroism the bright side of psychopathy?
Is immigration reform hurting Lindsey Graham in South Carolina?
Is income inequality the new climate change?
Is it 1914 all over again?
Is it immoral to watch the Super Bowl?
Is it possible to get the state out of marriage?
Is it time for a redneck network?
Is it time for an Asian Pope?
Is it time to abolish Congress?
Is it time to arm TSA?
Is it time to clone a woolly mammoth?
Is it time to talk about polygamy?
Is losing the new winning?
Is minimum wage a job crusher or a job creator?
Is music the key to success?
Is no food sacred? The EU goes after cinnamon rolls
Is obesity a disease?
Is one-party rule dividing America?
Is political reporting dying?
Is pornography killing the economy?
Is progressivism too big to fail?
Is racism making you fat?
Is robotic surgery safe?
Is sex addiction real or just an excuse?
Is sex good exercise?
Is sexual assault in the military really an “epidemic”?
Is social media driving a boom in plastic surgery?
Is sugar really toxic?
Is support for gay marriage oversold?
Is technology replacing sex?
Is the FBI investigating the IRS scandal?
Is the GOP finally winning?
Is the GOP really changing on gay marriage?
Is the Gang of Eight really tough on immigrants with criminal records?
Is the Keystone pipeline Obama’s line in the sand?
Is the Keystone pipeline losing Democratic support?
Is the Loch Ness monster dead?
Is the NSA PRISM leak much less than it seems?
Is the NSA constructing a gun registry?
Is the NSA spying on Congress?
Is the Obama administration the cause of gun ammunition shortages?
Is the Obama administration elitist?
Is the Obama-media alliance over?
Is the Pope’s capitalism Catholic?
Is the Reagan coalition coming apart?
Is the Senate really working?
Is the Tesla the Model T of the electric car?
Is the U.S. divorce rate going up rather than down?
Is the U.S. government really broken?
Is the U.S. losing the new Cold War?
Is the U.S. ready for a third Bush presidency?
Is the Washington Post “pro-gay”? [link fixed]
Is the battle for Crimea about to begin?
Is the border secure? Ranchers say no
Is the border secure? The administration doesn’t have a clue
Is the decline in male fertility a “crisis” or not enough data?
Is the economy saving Obama’s approval ratings?
Is the end of the United Kingdom at hand?
Is the left taking over sports too?
Is the military underrepresented among top administration officials?
Is the music of the 1960s really the best ever?
Is the political momentum for gun control fading?
Is the press about to start a “Jeb for president” push?
Is the pro-middle class conservative project already doomed?
Is the rash of Middle Eastern prison breaks lately related?
Is the safety net just masking tape?
Is the shutdown the Founding Fathers’ fault?
Is the singularity near?
Is the tea party part of the GOP? Most Republicans say no
Is the two-party system collapsing?
Is the universe a hologram?
Is the war on terror still legal?
Is the website fix too late to save ObamaCare?
Is there a cyber-war on women?
Is there a double standard for political gaffes?
Is there a pot bubble?
Is there an Obama doctrine?
Is there an “Obama doctrine” on terrorism?
Is there another elected Obama in our future?
Is there any real value to this massive NSA data-collection effort?
Is there really a chicken-wing shortage?
Is there really a majority in favor of marijuana legalization?
Is this a pandemic being born?
Is this still America?
Is this the Cincinnati IRS agent who gave orders to target conservatives?
Is this the end for Matt Bevin?
Is this the end of fiscal brinksmanship?
Is traditional marriage toast?
Is your face racist?
Is your kid safer inside or outside a school shooting?
Is your old t-shirt hurting African economies?
Is “Redskins” really an offensive name for a football team?
Is “The Lego Movie” the most subversive pro-liberty film ever?
Is “affluenza” contagious?
Is “faith healing” actually child abuse?
Islamic law comes to rebel-held Syria
Islamism will remain popular in Egypt. What then?
Islamist militia blamed for Benghazi consulate attack still operates freely in Libya
Islamists entering Egyptian military as part of Muslim Brotherhood effort to take control
Islamists now defacing Egyptian cultural icons
Islamists relying on TV sheikhs to woo the masses in Egypt
Islamists take over a town in southern Egypt, with predictable results
Islamists veto appointment of ElBaradei as interim prime minister
Isn’t it time to change our Cuba policy?
Isolationism has never served America’s interests, or the GOP’s
Isolationism’s high price
Israel airstrike targeted advanced missiles that Russia sold to Syria, U.S. says
Israel angered by U.S. leaks of submarine missile attack on Syria
Israel explained its “red lines” on Syria to U.S. in meetings over the past year
Israel finds tunnel dug under its border with Gaza
Israel has right to decide on Iran strike, says … Chuck Hagel
Israel hearts Sisi — or does it?
Israel launched airstrike in Syria, U.S. officials say
Israel must realize that it might be in conflict with its neighbors forever
Israel preparing for conflict with Lebanon?
Israel says Syria used chemical weapons, likely nerve gas
Israel sees U.S. response to Syria on chemical weapons as gauge on Iran
Israel sees chance for a more reliable Egypt and a weaker Hamas
Israel should help the Palestinians build a state in the West Bank
Israel to the United States: You need to respond to Syria
Israel urges U.S. action over Syria’s chemical weapons
Israel wonders: Which side to back in Syria’s civil war?
Israel would not bomb Iran without a green light from the United States
Israel-related groups also pointed to IRS scrutiny
Israel: We’re not seeking U.S. intervention in Syria
Israeli FM: It’s time for Israel to look for allies other than the United States
Israeli airstrikes in Syria could accelerate U.S. decision process
Israeli intel official: Better that Assad holds on than that jihadist rebels take over
Israeli intelligence minister urges U.S. action against Syria
Israeli leaders denounce west’s pact with Iran
Israeli official: We have proof Syria used chemical weapons
Israeli officials believe Syrian retaliation not imminent
Israeli officials knew White House was holding secret talks with Iran
Israeli sources on Obama’s Syria approach: “Not how a superpower acts”
Israeli strike in Syria might be first in series
Israel’s Christian awakening
Israel’s air strikes: The first shot in a wider war?
Israel’s airstrikes in Syria: A message to Iran
Israel’s apology to Turkey was a mistake
Israel’s demographic destiny
Israel’s fate is now in Obama’s hands
Israel’s kill list: Inside the Mossad’s plan to off its most dangerous foes
Issa calls top Treasury official to testify on IRS
Issa feared targeted by terrorists after Democrats revealed secret Libya trip
Issa wants depositions from leaders of State Department’s Benghazi review board
Issa, House GOP to recall Lois Lerner
It begins: Claire McCaskill to support Hillary in 2016
It begins: Democratic Super PAC already attacking “Gang of Eight” Republicans on immigration
It makes economic sense for a woman to have more than one husband
It might be possible to prevent PTSD, researchers find
It only seems like political corruption is rampant
It pays to be pretty, starting in high school
It started with a cough: Deadly China bird flu outbreak raises fears of pandemic
It sure would be crazy to approve the Keystone pipeline
It was Bush, not Obama, who let Iran go nuclear
It was wrong to bomb Hiroshima and Nagasaki
It wasn’t just redistricting that gave Republicans their House majority
Italy’s new Mussolini
It begins
It’ll be almost impossible for Republicans to “overreach” on the IRS scandal
It’s Elizabeth Warren’s party. Obama’s just living in it.
It’s Halloween, not Whoreoween
It’s Iran, stupid: The real reason the U.S. won’t get involved in Syria
It’s Magic Fig Leaf Day on immigration!
It’s Putin’s world now. America is just living in it.
It’s RINO-hunting season
It’s Republicans’ fault that ObamaCare is so complicated
It’s a man’s world, and it always will be
It’s about to get worse in Egypt
It’s always Selma again
It’s come to this: Congress, aides may get an ObamaCare exemption
It’s come to this: DOJ takes Amber Alert site down due to shutdown
It’s come to this: National Park Service trying to block access to Mt. Rushmore too
It’s come to this: Obama now using ObamaCare meltdown to raise cash
It’s come to this: Vietnam War vets asked to leave Vietnam War memorial due to shutdown
It’s come to this
It’s condescending to tell a childless woman she’d “be a great mom”
It’s easy to fix Social Security
It’s for your own good!
It’s going to be hard for the parties to work together after Benghazi and the IRS scandal, huh?
It’s hard to hate Rand Paul, but I’m trying
It’s hard to imagine how Huckabee can win
It’s here: ObamaCare exchanges launch
It’s in the genes: Why your parents don’t approve of your spouse
It’s not a broken promise if you never meant to keep it
It’s not a coup, we swear
It’s not a shutdown so stop calling it one
It’s not a “power vacuum” that’s roiling the Middle East. It’s a “values vacuum.”
It’s not all Romney’s fault — the economy helped reelect Obama
It’s not crazy to talk about impeachment
It’s not just Republicans who are up in arms about Benghazi
It’s not just about Gosnell
It’s official: Boehner is pushing amnesty
It’s official: Thanks to Stephen Hawking’s Israel boycott, anti-semitism is no more
It’s okay to disagree with Rush Limbaugh
It’s okay to protest in China. Just don’t march.
It’s okay to tread on me if it means fewer guns and bombings
It’s on: Booze lobbyists vs. marijuana lobbyists
It’s over: Jeb Bush will be the GOP nominee in 2016
It’s the Democrats, not the GOP, facing a looming civil war
It’s the economy, stupid: ObamaCare hasn’t slowed the growth of health-care costs
It’s the geography, stupid
It’s the president’s fault
It’s time for Jewish Democrats to speak up on Hagel
It’s time for NBC to account for their decision to hire Al Sharpton
It’s time for Obama to defy Putin
It’s time for Obama’s Syria policies to match his words
It’s time for Reid to remove Menendez as chair of the Foreign Relations Committee
It’s time for Republicans to attack payroll taxes
It’s time for Ted Cruz to legislate
It’s time for U.S. airstrikes in Syria
It’s time for Washington to cut Egypt loose
It’s time for a Republican reset with Latinos
It’s time for a global wealth tax
It’s time for a new UN
It’s time for pragmatic tea partiers to speak up
It’s time for sports to ease off on marijuana use
It’s time for the Church to stop talking so much about sex
It’s time for the GOP to stop navel-gazing and start acting
It’s time for the National League to adopt the designated-hitter rule
It’s time for the United States to get on board with the metric system already
It’s time for the media to call out the Democratic party’s cynical politicking on gay marriage
It’s time for universal national service
It’s time to accept that elephants are empathetic beings
It’s time to admit: Pope Francis is kind of awesome
It’s time to blow the whistle on Edward Snowden
It’s time to call out Russia
It’s time to codify the drone war
It’s time to embrace Egypt’s generals
It’s time to end presidential term limits
It’s time to end the Arab boycott of Israel
It’s time to end the NSA’s bulk collection of Americans’ phone records
It’s time to end the State of the Union
It’s time to end the ridiculous charade that is the White House press briefing
It’s time to get serious about Barack Obama
It’s time to give Canada an answer on the Keystone pipeline, Mr. President
It’s time to hold our nose and back Egypt’s military
It’s time to increase the size of the House
It’s time to investigate the bogus IRS “investigation”
It’s time to make cable television a la carte
It’s time to mess with Texas on voting rights
It’s time to offer clemency to Snowden
It’s time to overturn DOMA
It’s time to reclaim the rites of manhood
It’s time to recognize Bush 41 as the great foreign-policy president he was
It’s time to reconsider polygamy
It’s time to rediscover female body hair
It’s time to repeal the AUMF against Al Qaeda
It’s time to scrap affirmative action
It’s time to shift to affirmative action based on class
It’s time to start building an agenda for 2016
It’s time to start talking about reforming, not repealing, ObamaCare
It’s time to stop generational theft and reform entitlements
It’s time to stop treating dads like idiots
It’s time to suspend aid to Egypt, says … John McCain?
It’s time to talk to some of the monsters in Syria
It’s time to threaten Egypt’s foreign aid
It’s time to train police officers not to kill dogs
It’s true: ObamaCare will force some people to pay more for the same coverage
It’s uphill all the way for social conservatives
I’m a black Republican, and I’m not alone
I’m a male feminist because I’m selfish
I’m canceling my Hillary documentary for CNN
I’m dreaming of a white Jesus
I’m getting sick of defending ObamaCare
I’m no Marxist, Pope Francis tells conservative critics
I’m not running for Senate in New Jersey
I’m not standing with Rand on immigration
I’m not trying to take your guns away
I’m opposing the Toomey/Manchin bill
I’m pro-gay marriage now
I’m quitting my job. Thanks, ObamaCare!
I’m sorry, too, Mr. President
I’m starting to feel a little disillusioned about China
I’m suing over ObamaCare exemptions for Congress
I’m supporting the Gang of Eight’s immigration bill
I’m tired of hearing about gay marriage
I’m tired of “taking one for the team”
I’m totally opposed to spying on foreign leaders
I’s a good thing more people are quitting their jobs
I’ve got whooping cough. Thanks a lot, Jenny McCarthy.
JFK saved the world
JFK showed how to contain Iran
JFK still dead, Baby Boomers still self-absorbed
JFK, casualty of the Cold War
JFK, conservative
JFK: A liberal or conservative hero?
JFK’s conservatism, an inconvenient fact
JIndal: GOP should do immigration reform before the midterms
JPAC admits to phony ceremonies honoring “returning” soldiers’ remains
Jack Lew confirmed by Senate as new Treasury secretary
Jack Lew is a rare talent — at the art of getting paid
Jack Lew’s Treasury nomination in trouble over Cayman investments?
Jacob Marley’s lessons for immigration reform
Jailbreak: Terrorist spring hundreds of convicts, including senior Al Qaeda, from Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq
Jake Tapper is the Sunday show host we deserve
Jake Tapper on how his political agnosticism has defined “The Lead”
Jake Tapper: Yes, media bias exists
James Clapper: Hey, sorry for misleading Congress about NSA surveillance
James Clyburn likens right-wing bloggers to Nazi propagandists
James Clyburn: Democrats will be running on ObamaCare in 2014
James Hansen retiring from NASA to focus full-time on global warming
James Hansen’s misguided crusade against the Keystone pipeline
Jan Brewer vetoing all bills until Arizona Medicaid expansion passes
Jan Brewer: This immigration bill is a victory for Arizona
Jan Brewer’s foolish veto
Jan Brewer’s tantrum
Jane Mayer’s McCarthyist attack on Ted Cruz
Janet Napolitano hits Congress for failing to pass the DREAM Act
Janet Napolitano: Just watch, Arizona is going to go blue
January hasn’t been as cold as you think it has
Japan moving towards less pacifist interpretation of its constitution
Japan nuclear body says radioactive water at Fukushima an “emergency”
Japan officially enters cold war with China and South Korea
Japan, South Korea fly military planes in zone set by China
Japanese politician wants to boost the national birth rate by banning abortion
Japanese urban living: It’s come to this
Japan’s Fukushima plant has been leaking contaminated water “for two years”
Japan’s homeless recruited for murky Fukushima clean-up
Jars of urine, feces confiscated at Texas capitol as abortion bill voting takes place
Jason Collins gets bear hug from the media for announcing he’s gay
Jason Collins to appear at DNC fundraiser
Jay Carney: C’mon, these aren’t scandals
Jay Carney: John Boehner has “Putin envy”
Jay Carney: ObamaCare was totally worth it, even if Democrats lose the Senate
Jay Carney’s “moment of truth”
Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio won’t both run in 2016
Jeb Bush boosts Senate bill by supporting outline of deal
Jeb Bush immigration flip could upend amnesty debate
Jeb Bush is quietly laying the campaign groundwork
Jeb Bush says revenue increase could be part of budget deal
Jeb Bush starting to make his case for president
Jeb Bush to Ted Cruz: A little bit of restraint now might damage ObamaCare more later
Jeb Bush: As president, I’d wheel and deal like Lyndon Johnson
Jeb Bush: GOP can’t be “anti-everything”
Jeb Bush: Immigration reform will pass the House next year
Jeb Bush: I’m in sync with Lindsey Graham on immigration reform
Jeb Bush’s colossal political miscalculation on immigration
Jeb Bush’s tea-party problem is a Common Core problem
Jeff Flake: It’s inevitable that a GOP presidential candidate will support gay marriage
Jeff Sessions: The Gang of Eight’s immigration bill won’t withstand public scrutiny
Jeff Sessions: The tide is beginning to turn against the immigration bill
Jerry Brown would crush Hillary
Jersey City high school candidate for student gov’t sent racist texts to himself
Jersey pols skeptical that punishing Fort Lee mayor was real aim of Christie aides in closing bridge lanes
Jesse Jackson defends Dennis Rodman: He’s why we’re “discussing North Korea today”
Jesse Jackson still doing what Jesse Jackson does
Jesse Jackson to Obama: Come home and tackle Chicago’s gun crisis
Jesse Jackson: Phil Robertson was exercising white privilege
Jesse Ventura hiding from drones or something
Jihad will not be wished away
Jihadi rebels in Syria now spilling into Iraq?
Jihadi told Russians about Tamerlan Tsarnaev
Jim Carrey can’t in good conscience support violence in “Kick-Ass 2″ after Sandy Hook
Jim Carrey to assault-rifle fans: I love you and I’m sorry I called you names
Jim Crow law for gays and lesbians?
Jim DeMint, congressional Republicans’ shadow Speaker
Jim DeMint: Immigration reform will cost trillions
Jim DeMint: “I’ve never been a part of the tea party in my life”
Jim Moran retiring from Congress
Jimmy Carter: Paula Deen should be forgiven
Jimmy Carter’s disastrous Olympic boycott
Jindal gearing up for potential 2016 campaign
Jindal is governing like it’s 2016
Jindal: Anyone running for president in 2016 right now needs their head examined
Jindal: We should nominate a governor in 2016
Jobless blacks should cheer background checks
Joblessness? Deficits? War? Let’s party!
Jobs report? What jobs report? Hey look, gay marriage!
Joe Biden and filling the Hillary vacuum
Joe Biden had nothing nice to say about Obama at a Virginia rally
Joe Biden on the sidelines in gun-control debate
Joe Biden surrogates continue quiet internal war against Hillary Clinton surrogates
Joe Biden was right about dividing Iraq
Joe Biden: I’ve never seen a secretary of state with as much energy and commitment as John Kerry
Joe Biden: Labor unions are keeping the “barbarians at the gates
Joe Manchin now granting interviews only on condition he won’t be asked about gun control
Joe Manchin: Heck no, the IRS mess doesn’t help us on gun control
Joe Manchin: I’ll vote to repeal ObamaCare
Joe Miller files papers for Senate run in Alaska
Joe Scarborough: I won’t run anytime soon
Joe Scarborough: I’m giving my good friend Chris Christie the benefit of the doubt
Joe Scarborough: Rubio, Paul aren’t “ready to be president”
Joe Scarborough: What if Ted Cruz runs as an independent in 2016?
Joe Scarborough: “I don’t expect to be cheering House Republicans anytime soon”
John Boehner had the best year in Washington
John Boehner is a leader without followers
John Boehner is a genius
John Boehner is the “fool in the shower” on immigration
John Boehner on a government shutdown: Don’t go there
John Boehner, Eric Cantor struggle to lead the House
John Boehner’s secret signal that a shutdown is imminent
John Bolton plans a tour of early-primary states
John Brennan’s love-hate relationship with drones
John Cusack wonders: “Is the president just another Ivy League a**hole?”
John Dingell and the tea party
John Hopkins’ and Planned Parenthood’s troubling extremism
John Kerry already beating Hillary’s jet-setting record as secretary of state
John Kerry got rolled by Vladimir Putin on a plan to save Syria
John Kerry issues a brief for war in Syria
John Kerry scares me
John Kerry should definitely treat climate change as a national security issue
John Kerry to Congress: This shutdown is sending the wrong message to the world
John Kerry vs. dissent
John Kerry: Syria’s use of chemical weapons is “undeniable”
John Kerry’s Middle East dream world
John Kerry’s Middle East obsession
John Kerry’s bid for Mideast peace is doomed
John Kerry’s state of contentment
John Kerry’s “poor jihadist” myth
John McCain gets some angry responses at home on immigration
John McCain on reprimand from AZ GOP: “It fires me up”
John McCain, an American hero and a friend
John McCain, the “maverick,” is back!
John McCain: Getting back to Maverick, with an eye on retirement
John McCain: Women should avoid military service until the harassment crisis is solved
John McCain: “Maybe we should” legalize pot
John Paul II lookalike arrested for “usurpation of title”
John Podesta: These House Republicans are “a cult worthy of Jonestown”
John Podesta’s arrival shows Obama’s ready for another environmental push
Jon Stewart is quickly becoming a one-trick pony
Jon Stewart’s Zionist takeover of Egypt
Jordan’s Abdullah warns Obama: Watch out for Morsi — and Erdogan
Journalism or espionage?
Journalist Jay Carney called Obama’s team looking for a job the day after the 2008 election
Journalists as ring wraiths
Journalists falling in love with John McCain all over again
Journalists freak-hunting at CPAC
Journalists sure do like to flatter each other, huh?
Journalists trawling for leaks should be willing to share the risks
Juan Williams: Left-wingers are far less tolerant of differing points of view than right-wingers
Judge acquits Gosnell of three murder charges, five still remain
Judge considers lesser charges for Zimmerman
Judge halts groin searches at Gitmo because they’re “abhorrent to Muslims”
Judge orders baby’s name changed from “Messiah” without parents’ permission
Judge orders morning-after pill available without prescription, even for minors
Judge rules Detroit eligible for historic Chapter 9 bankruptcy, says pensions can be cut
Judge strikes down Florida law mandating drug tests for welfare
Judge weighs rights of U.S. citizens in drone strikes
Judge: Google must comply with FBI’s demands for user data, despite lack of warrant
Judge: Obama’s public comments compromised prosecution of military sexual assaults
Judge: Stockton, California, can file for bankruptcy
Judges are too lenient on people who carry guns illegally
Judges deciding about drone strikes? Bad idea
Judicial activism isn’t a bad thing
Judiciary Committee passes Gang of Eight bill, 13-5
Julian Assange: Obama’s NSA review vindicates Snowden
Julian Assange: Snowden is “marooned” in Russia
Jumping the sequester
Just a reminder: Don’t trust Wikipedia
Just a reminder: Male and female brains are different
Just a reminder: Prison life isn’t fun
Just a reminder: SOTU speeches almost never matter
Just a reminder: Very little of Obama’s SOTU agenda has a chance of passing Congress
Just a reminder: “The Czech Republic and Chechnya are two very different entities”
Just being Hillary Clinton isn’t enough
Just do it, Republicans: Shut down the government like you know you want to
Just how big is Assad’s chemical weapons arsenal anyway?
Just how devious is Harry Reid on immigration?
Just how little the budget deal matters, in three figures
Just how obsessed were the Sunday shows with Bridgegate?
Just how secure is Gang of Eight border security plan?
Just like old times: George W. Bush to push immigration reform
Just pass the damned immigration bill now and move on
Just say no to a special prosecutor for the IRS scandal
Just say no to insurance-industry bailouts
Just say no to “small soy latte liberalism”
Just when America needs a boost, we’re stuck with Dr. Doom
Justice Department appeals the morning-after pill ruling
Justice Ginsburg: I’m not going anywhere
Justice Scalia: The court shouldn’t “invent new minorities”
Justice for Hezbollah
Justice goes after the GOP
Justin Amash on Snowden: “As far as Congress is concerned, he’s a whistleblower”
Justin Amash: A Senate trouble-maker in waiting?
Justin Amash: I’ll push for a new House vote to curb NSA powers
Justin Amash: The House’s new Ron Paul
Justin Bieber has taught teenagers worldwide about Anne Frank
Kamala Harris, “Donglegate,” and sexist double standards
Kansas and Al Qaeda
Kansas bill would allow spanking that leaves marks, redness
Kanye West on Obama’s failures: “Black people don’t have the same level of connections as Jewish people”
Karl Marx was a tea partier
Karl Rove dismisses tea-party backlash: We need fewer Christine O’Donnells and more Rand Pauls
Karl Rove to Obama: You’re right, you’re no Dick Cheney
Karl Rove: Bachmann did nothing as House tea-party chair
Karl Rove: Christie’s handling of Bridgegate will give him tea-party street cred
Karl Rove: Cruz shouldn’t be surprised by this pushback from Republicans
Karl Rove: The Democrats fear Christie
Karl Rove: We need more diverse candidates
Karl Rove’s war on conservatives: A career-ender or a career-saver?
Karl Rove’s courage
Karzai gambles with the Taliban
Karzai says secret US cash has been legitimately helpful
Karzai seeks Pakistan’s help for talks with the Taliban
Karzai: The CIA promised me they’ll keep dropping off bags of cash
Karzai: U.S., Taliban colluding to convince Afghans violence worse will get worse after U.S. leaves
Kashmir’s only all-girl band quits after fatwa
Kasich’s cave on ObamaCare shows how hard it is to beat big government
Kay Hagan to avoid Obama during his visit to North Carolina, of course
Keep calm and shut the bleep up
Keep up the pressure: Congress should pass new sanctions on Iran
Keeping Taliban fighters at Gitmo is hurting the U.S.
Keeping sex predators out of schoolrooms
Keith Ellison: It’s “really disappointing” that Apple doesn’t want to pay more taxes
Keith Olbermann returning to ESPN, barred from talking on air about politics
Kelly Ayotte: We can’t trust Obama, but let’s do amnesty anyway
Ken Cuccinelli won’t sign no-tax oath as part of blanket no-pledge policy during campaign
Kennedy might not have achieved higher office under today’s media microscope
Kentucky Democrats fear Ashley Judd will drag down the ticket
Kentucky Democrats getting nervous about possibility of Judd running
Kentucky Senate candidate Grimes is incomprehensible on Syria
Kentucky poll: 30% think Rand Paul should run for president, 50% think he shouldn’t
Kenyan hero’s harrowing tales of rescue in mall massacre
Kermit Gosnell and the abortion movement’s dark past
Kermit Gosnell and the politics of abortion
Kermit Gosnell’s verdict is not justice
Kerry and Hagel meet with Russian counterparts, achieve little
Kerry castigates Russia over Syria-bound missiles
Kerry clears the Benghazi officials Clinton punished [link fixed]
Kerry delivers a love letter to France, in French
Kerry now holds Obama’s legacy in his hands
Kerry opens door to Iran’s participation in Syrian peace talks
Kerry rebukes Turkish PM for calling Zionism a crime against humanity
Kerry says Obama has timeline to end U.S. drone strikes in Pakistan
Kerry sees potential for quick Iran nuclear deal
Kerry signals Obama Oval Office address on Syria
Kerry to U.S. Jews: Next few days will determine Middle East fate for decades
Kerry to visit Kiev tomorrow to show support for Ukraine
Kerry tries to reassure Mideast allies about Iran negotiations
Kerry vows: U.S. attack on Syria will be “unbelievably small”
Kerry “can’t contemplate” that Congress wouldn’t authorize military action
Kerry, Rice, and Hagel will brief top lawmakers on Syria tonight
Kerry: Action on Keystone pipeline coming in “near term”
Kerry: Climate change is as dangerous as WMDs
Kerry: Foreign leaders mocked us over the shutdown, you know
Kerry: Obama can bomb Assad even if Congress votes no
Kerry: One to two years left for an Israeli/Palestinian solution, or it’s over
Kerry: Sarin gas was used in Syria
Kerry: There’s no daylight between the U.S. and Israel in our goals towards Iran
Kerry: This Syria vote proves the UN can still do big things
Kerry: What happened in Egypt wasn’t a coup, it was “restoring democracy”
Kerry’s Syria campaign likely to define his legacy
Kerry’s Syrian quagmire
Kerry’s big-bang Mideast diplomacy
Kerry’s kidding himself about Israeli/Palestinians peace talks
Kevyn Orr, Motown’s one-man show
Kevyn Orr: How Detroit can rise again
Key Democratic group will sit out midterm elections
Key House chairman: Senate immigration bill repeats mistakes of 1986
Key Romney aides sign pro-SSM amicus brief; social cons not surprised
Key U.S. lawmakers: Expect a strike in Syria
Key cardinal: Women deserve a bigger role in the Church
Key danger to astronauts on mission to Mars: Boredom?
Key metric for ObamaCare website: Democrats’ blood pressure
Key question in budget battle: Obama’s flexibility
Keystone XL is a pipeline to disaster or something
Keystone pipeline review looming, likely to show little climate risk
Khamenei hints Iran may be ready to come in from the cold
Khamenei tells Iran’s hardliners not to undermine nuclear talks
Khamenei: I sure hope the U.S. is serious about diplomacy with Syria
Kick Andrew Jackson off the $20 bill
Kidnapped American asks U.S. to negotiate with al-Qaeda for his release
Kids flee football in light of NFL violence
Killing ObamaCare: There’s no time to waste
Killing cancer like the common cold
Killing the filibuster won’t make government more efficient — just more unstable
Kim Jong-un and the myth of the reformist dictator
Kim Jong-un is the best hope we have for North Korea
Kim Jong-un’s ominous bluster
King George III would love today’s IRS
King, Messiah: New baby names suggest high hopes
Kirk and Manchin backing away from Schumer’s background-check proposal
Kirsten Gillibrand: “We all knew” Obama’s health care pledge wasn’t accurate
Kirsten Powers: I’m tired of “having to defend this president” and ObamaCare
Klobuchar 2016?
Knives in airplane cabins? No thanks
Knockout games, bigoted receipts, and self-inflicted HIV
Knockout games: The biggest form of cowardice
Know thine enemy: Major Hasan is honest about himself; why aren’t we?
Know who wants Republicans to pass immigration reform? Major Republican donors
Koch brother donates money to hospital, liberals protest
Koch brothers plan more political involvement for their conservative network
Kochs no longer interested in buying Tribune papers
Korematsu and the dangers of waiving Constitutional rights
Kosovo showed anti-interventionist shifts on right can be short-lived
Krauthammer gives up at halftime on immigration
Krauthammer got played by Rubio on immigration
Krauthammer to Sen. Joe Manchin: Why don’t you fess up and become a Republican?
Krauthammer: Benghazi “won’t even be an issue” for Hillary in 2016
Krauthammer: Legal gay marriage will lead to an assault on religion
Krauthammer: Obama’s desperate for a government shutdown to save ObamaCare
Krauthammer: Other than ObamaCare, the biggest story of 2013 is rising libertarianism
Krauthammer: Rick Scott’s Medicaid decision was “honorable”
Krauthammer: Trying to defund ObamaCare now is a really dumb idea
Kristol’s and Lowry’s poor advice on immigration
Krugman: ObamaCare is becoming a “Benghazi-type affair” that “nobody cares about but the GOP”
Kucinich: Syria strike would turn the U.S. in “al Qaeda’s air force”
LA Cardinal Mahony calls himself a “scapegoat” of Church’s sex-abuse scandal
LA Times: We don’t publish letters to the editor that deny man-made climate change
LOL isn’t funny anymore
LSD, reconsidered for therapy
LSU gets commitment from eighth-grade quarterback
Labor Secretary Perez applauds striking fast-food workers
Labor pains: Unions rage against ObamaCare
Labor union PACs give $12.6 million in political contribution in 2013
Labor union officials say Obama betrayed them in health-care rollout
Labor unions break ranks with White House on ObamaCare
Labor unions, liberal groups press Obama for nominees who are further left than usual
Labor, business leaders making progress on guest-worker program for illegal immigrants
Labrador: Immigration reform faces narrowing window in 2013
Labrador: Immigration reform should be “one of the first things” on GOP agenda … in 2015
Lack of transparency plagued Healthcare.gov from start
Lacking lethal drugs, death row improvises
Lady SEALs?
Lamar Alexander puts aide on leave over child pornography investigation
Lance Armstrong not too good at apologizing
Lance Armstrong settles $1.56 million case with newspaper
Landlines are ready for the tech museum
Landmark study shatters liberal health-care claims
Lapsed Catholics lured back by Pope Francis
Larry Summers: Another would-be Obama appointee left to twist in the wind while support crumbles
Last chance to stop climate change: Geoengineering?
Last resort: When all else failed, Obama went to Congress
Last-minute surprise: White House to let people whose plans were canceled buy catastrophic coverage
Late fees: Taxpayers foot the hefty bill for Obama’s talk-show tour
Late marriage and its consequences
Latest GOP 2016 rankings: The leader will surprise you
Latest GOP hawk to oppose Syria strike: Rick Santorum
Latest ObamaCare carveout is a boon to big insurance
Latest “deal” from the Senate: Pass amnesty first, read the bill later
Latino TV networks ask Obama zero questions about Zimmerman in four interviews today
Latino leaders planning new push for immigration bill
Launching the ObamaCare campaign
Laura Bush: Let’s talk about the First Gentleman’s weight
Laura Bush: Take me out of that pro-gay-marriage ad
Laura Ingraham battles George Will as conservative civil war over immigration intensifies
Law enforcement: Social-media sleuthing about bombers complicated the investigation
Lawlessness in the executive
Lawmaker retirements to hit centrist ranks
Lawmakers battle over push to create military “chaplain” for atheists
Lawmakers call for end to draft registration in U.S.
Lawmakers consider preventing *all* marriage in Oklahoma
Lawmakers debate: Should FBI manhunts use drones?
Lawmakers facing recall bids over strict gun laws in Colorado
Lawmakers press NFL on name change for Redskins
Lawmakers probe willful abuses of power by NSA analysts
Lawmakers say obstacles limited oversight of NSA’s telephone surveillance program
Lawmakers still get a check, even in shutdown mode
Lawmakers want CIA to have more power to track “lone wolf” terrorists
Lawmakers warn that Obama is fumbling Syria strike messaging
Lawmakers won’t toke legal joints
Lawmakers, privacy advocates calling for reforms at the NSA
Lawmakers: CIA #2 lied to us about Benghazi
Lawmakers: It’s too dangerous to try to snatch Snowden
Lawmakers: Sebelius failed at government website projects prior to HHS
Lawmakers: Why no, Mr. President, we weren’t briefed on this NSA spying
Lawrence O’Donnell: Rand Paul is “ridiculous, sick, paranoid”
Lawrence O’Donnell: Thatcher was a good socialist
Laws are not enough — show us real barriers to NSA abuse
Lawsuits against NSA may force agency to retain Americans’ records even longer
Lawyer for U.S. whistleblower: 400 surface-to-air missiles were stolen in Benghazi
Lawyer plans to seek Zimmerman legal fees from state of Florida
Lawyer, judge erupt in anger in Gosnell trial
Lawyer: Hoboken mayor who accused Christie swore under oath that she didn’t keep a diary
Lawyers ask officials to lift Dzhokhar Tsarnaev’s “overly harsh” conditions
Lazy journalists aren’t to blame for the death of print
Leader of Pakistani Taliban possibly killed in drone strike
Leading Marxist historian leaves £1.8million estate
Leading cause of computer viruses: Executives watching porn
Leahy schedules Senate hearing: State marijuana need to be respected
Leak of Zawahiri intercepts damages national security
Leaked e-mails show climate scientists and governments struggling to explain lull in global warming
Leaked: Russia’s four-step proposal to “disarm” Assad
Leaking secrets empowers terrorists
Leaks about Al Qaeda plot may have damaged U.S. counterterrorism more than Snowden’s leaks have
Leaks fallout: How bad could it be?
Lean in and poop at the office, already
Learning to love Reagan
Leave Ben Carson alone
Leave ObamaCare alone!
Leave Rolling Stone alone!
Leave liberal Hollywood to the liberals
Leaving work behind
Lebanese paper: Assad transported chemical weapons to Iraq
Lee Harvey Oswald was my friend
Lee Rigby’s murder tells us as much about contemporary society as it does about radical Islam
Lee and Rubio working together on a new “pro-growth, pro-family” tax reform plan
Left behind: Stories from Obamacare’s 31 million uninsured
Left demands: Charge Ted Cruz with sedition
Left pretty impressed that Obama followed Bush’s lead in going to Congress
Left revokes Obama’s liberal card or something
Left, media encouraging the creation of a liberal tea party
Left, right: The brain science of politics
Left- and right-wingers in Congress joining “No Labels”
Left-wing Democrats push Norquist-style no-cuts budget pledge for entitlements
Leftists become incandescent when reminded of the socialist roots of Nazism
Leftists love to hate interracial couples — if they’re conservative
Lefty org hosts petition claiming Tsarnaevs are wrongfully accused
Left’s “Turn Texas Blue” project hits snag with abortion
Legacy battle: Bush staffers versus conservatives
Legal guns en route to New York are cause for arrest before the flight home
Legal immigrants seek reward for years of patiently following the rules
Legalization without citizenship: The false middle ground on amnesty
Legalization without citizenship: The worst of all worlds on immigration reform
Legalization, yes. Citizenship, no.
Legalize marijuana, and other ways the U.S. and Mexico can win the drug war
Legalize prostitution? Not so fast
Legalizing prostitution doesn’t make it safer
Legislators with lightsabers
Lena Dunham’s body-image problem
Leon Panetta: Obama has a “responsibility” to act in Syria
Less than ten percent of Army women want to join combat units
Less than three percent of federal workers want to join ObamaCare
Less than three years later, Egyptians kind of regret ousting Mubarak
Lessons from Woolwich: The dangers of Britain’s Islamist underground
Lessons from a front-row seat to Detroit’s dysfunction
Lessons from the Putin wars
Lessons of Boston: What the world’s fanatics learned
Lessons of the shutdown: Big government has damaged its brand
Let Egypt go
Let Jindal be Jindal
Let ObamaCare burn
Let ObamaCare collapse
Let me give you some advice on leadership
Let me tell you what your problem is, Republicans
Let our lawmakers hide
Let the 2013 (re-)selling of ObamaCare begin
Let the light shine today
Let the smearing of Greg Hicks begin
Let us be clear: Obama bears chief responsibility for the shutdown
Let us be clear: There will be no ObamaCare bailout, assures the White House
Letter from the president to Congress regarding stationing troops in Jordan
Letters show Lois Lerner was directly involved in scrutinizing conservative groups
Letters show that IRS higher-ups requested info on conservative groups
Letting go of the God of the gaps
Letting non-citizens vote in local elections is a bad idea
Let’s all go the gun show: How the White House stimulated the firearms industry
Let’s ban alcoholics and people convicted of violent misdemeanors from owning guns too
Let’s ban cigarettes for everyone born after 2000
Let’s blame Bush
Let’s build a more secure Internet
Let’s calm down a little about NSA surveillance, libertarians
Let’s delay and rewrite ObamaCare
Let’s delay ObamaCare
Let’s divorce marriage from government
Let’s do the single-payer pivot
Let’s drink to phasing out the office of First Lady
Let’s drop illegal immigrants into Detroit
Let’s drop the White House myth of “core Al Qaeda,” okay?
Let’s dump ObamaCare — for single-payer
Let’s ease economic pressures from amnesty by raising the minimum wage
Let’s end the Olympics
Let’s face it, Hagel’s probably going to get confirmed
Let’s face it, Lindsey Graham’s probably going to be reelected
Let’s face it, football is doomed
Let’s face it: Clapper lied to Congress about NSA spying
Let’s face it: The Syrian civil war’s going to go on for a long time
Let’s focus on climate change
Let’s get religion out of the civil marriage business
Let’s get rid of airport security entirely
Let’s get rid of the IRS
Let’s go easy on Christie, conservatives
Let’s have a waiting period for laws, not guns
Let’s intervene in Africa
Let’s intervene in Syria
Let’s make ObamaCare cool by adding lotteries and rap videos to it
Let’s make a deal with Iran
Let’s make gun companies pay blood money
Let’s make the Russian Olympics the gayest ever
Let’s move the Super Bowl to Saturday
Let’s not canonize Snowden just yet
Let’s not celebrate this Iran deal yet
Let’s not forget to crack down on violent video games too
Let’s not resort to racism about North Korea
Let’s not wait to talk about gun control
Let’s pay people to cook at home
Let’s pluck “Duck Dynasty” and sweep away trailer-trash TV
Let’s raise gas taxes
Let’s raise money for a private plane for Snowden
Let’s reduce income inequality by giving $1,000 to every baby in America
Let’s scrap ObamaCare and start over
Let’s shame Assad or something
Let’s stop using the phrase “Arab Spring”
Let’s take a stand for Syria — and for Obama
Let’s talk about dual allegiance
Let’s tax sugary drinks by the ounce
Let’s tie the debt ceiling to spending cuts
Let’s turn the State of the Union into a presidential Q&A
Lew’s official signature has improved by leaps and bounds
Liberal Bush critics turn their wrath on Obama
Liberal House Democrats turn up heat on Syria vote
Liberal anger only makes Ted Cruz stronger
Liberal governors shift left with eye on 2016 run
Liberal groups to Democrats: Don’t give in to Rubio on immigration
Liberal groups to Reid: Nuke the rest of the filibuster
Liberal groups: What’s wrong with the IRS scrutinizing your application for tax exemption?
Liberal impeachment talk? It’s a trap!
Liberal labor union makes Republican arguments against ObamaCare
Liberal lawmakers see unlikely ally in GOP on entitlement cuts
Liberal talk radio host Bill Press: Holder must go
Liberalism by gesture
Liberalism is not at fault for all of these scandals
Liberalism’s war on women
Liberals against affirmative action
Liberals are destroying the planet
Liberals are finally admitting that conservative critiques of ObamaCare were right all along
Liberals are the real culture-war aggressors
Liberals are winning the budget debate within the Democratic Party
Liberals in Congress call for $10.10 minimum wage — more than Obama requested
Liberals see a trap after the sequester: Entitlement reform
Liberals should lead entitlement reform
Liberals talk “nuclear option” on debt hike
Liberals versus immigration reform
Liberals versus the Great Compromise
Liberals want to save Obama from himself or something
Liberals, bitterly clinging to guns and abortion
Liberals’ Ted Cruz obsession: The Taliban, Palin, and Father Coughlin rolled into one
Liberals’ love-hate relationship with the law
Liberals’ urge to self-destruction
Libertarian or licentious?
Libertarian populism is an oxymoron
Libertarian populism is viable and necessary
Libertarianism goes mainstream
Libertarianism is in vogue — again
Libertarianism’s Achilles heel
Libertarians are the new communists
Liberte, egalite, jihad
Liberty in the tentacular state
Libya faces growing Islamist threat
Libya holds four American military personnel for hours
Libya thwarts arrests in Benghazi attack
Libyan militia linked to consulate attack returns to Benghazi
Libyan officials say U.S. teacher killed in Benghazi
Libyans release suspect linked to Benghazi attack
Libya’s cache of toxic arms now destroyed
Libya’s south teeters towards chaos — and extremism
Lie of the year: “If you like your health care plan, you can keep it”
Lies, truth, and the Guardian
Life after Fox News is good for conservative pols and pundits
Life at the White House: A tight-knit inner circle plays politics all the time while Obama remains disengaged
Life expectancy in some U.S. cities is no better than the third world
Life in a German neo-Nazi village
Like Obama, Ted Cruz is using brilliant rhetoric to sell a bad idea
Like Pope Francis? You’ll love Jesus
Like your health care policy? You may be losing it
Likeliest Supreme Court justice to retire next: Ginsburg
Linchpin for Obama’s plan to predict future leakers unproven, isn’t likely to work, experts say
Lindsay Graham goes all-in on immigration
Lindsey Graham calls for special prosecutor to investigate IRS, Fox News cases
Lindsey Graham critics rally at SC GOP convention, search for opponent
Lindsey Graham gets primary support from business, Bloomberg
Lindsey Graham on Obama: “There are nuggets of his budget that I think are optimistic”
Lindsey Graham to seek authorization for U.S. attack on Iran
Lindsey Graham was a profile in courage on immigration
Lindsey Graham, leader of the “surrender caucus”?
Lindsey Graham, the go-to senator
Lindsey Graham: Democrats’ gun-control bill is going nowhere in the Senate
Lindsey Graham: I expect a primary, even thought I’m a Ronald Reagan conservative
Lindsey Graham: I “embrace” being a Chamber of Commerce Republican
Lindsey Graham: Immigration reform will get 70 Senate votes with Rubio’s support
Lindsey Graham: I’m going to continue to be like Ronald Reagan
Lindsey Graham: Schumer’s been “incredible” on immigration, a worthy successor to Ted Kennedy
Lindsey Graham: The Senate’s Republican dealmaker
Lindsey Graham: The Syria resolution is likely to fail
Lindsey Graham: The world is “literally about to blow up”
Lindsey Graham: Treat Tsarnaev like an enemy combatant
Lindsey Graham: We’re close to 70 votes for immigration reform
Lindsey Graham: Why is Rubio complaining about a bill that he helped write?
Lindsey Graham’s state secret: 4,700 people have been killed by drone strikes
Lindsey Graham’s world
Linguists identify 15,000-year-old “ultraconserved words”
Lipstick on the ObamaCare pig
Lisa Murkowski endorses legalizing gay marriage
List: Funding for various federal agencies passed by the House but rejected by the Senate
Little fear on Wall Street of default, for the moment
Live from the Oval Office: A backdrop of history fades from TV
Living small: The micro-apartment craze
Living to be outraged is no way to live
Liz Cheney to Mike Enzi: I might primary you
Liz Cheney to abandon Senate bid
Liz Cheney: I would have voted against the Gang of Eight bill
Liz Cheney: No more “go along to get along”
Liz Cheney: Why my father won’t campaign for me
Liz Cheney: “I am not pro-gay marriage”
Liz Cheney’s best weapon: Dick Cheney
Liz Cheney’s bid divides Wyoming Republicans, puzzled by her timing
Loathsome nanny-state mayor: Maybe we should think before legislating, huh?
Local governments cutting part-time hours to evade ObamaCare mandate
Local law enforcement face ammo shortage as gun owners, DHS stock up
Location, location: The secret to the GOP’s House majority
Lois Lerner, the scowling face of the state
Lois Lerner’s IRS-access hasn’t been restricted
Lois Lerner’s lawyers negotiating with Oversight Committee on immunity
Lois Lerner’s pension could be as much as $102,000/year, $3.96 million over lifetime
Lois Lerner’s price for testimony: Immunity
London attack: The new face of terror
Loneliness and suicide
Look out below! Work more, get less in Obamacare “cliff”
Look to Cruz, not Christie
Looking for Syria options, U.S. remains cool to using force
Looking to 2016, Iowa GOP getting jazzed about Scott Walker
Loophole alert: Insurers see a way to dodge federal ObamaCare next year
Loose lips on Syria
Looted Libyan arms in Mali may have shifted the conflict’s path
Lords of the transition team
Losing Dad, so soon after Mom
Losing is good for you
Losing the plot: Why coverage of Obama is so boring
Lost in space — and on Earth
Lost youth: Obama’s approval rating falling fastest among younger voters
Lots of love for Rand Paul at CPAC
Love for labor lost
Love in the time of Obama: The new D.C. aristocracy
Low pay and no promotion for Afghanistan’s most honest man
Low-information leadership
Low-skill immigration is just another government redistribution program
Loyal to Ukraine, Tatars lie low as Russia seizes Crimea
Loyalty to Iran: Why Venezuela offered asylum to Snowden
Lt. Gov. Bolling isn’t bullish on either of the Virginia gubernatorial candidates
Lucky Jim: Obama crony Jim Messina is building an empire
Lucy and the nuclear football
Luis Gutierrez: Congress should stay in session over the holidays to pass amnesty
Luntz in closed-door GOP briefing: Stop talking impeachment
Lust, monkeys, and human desire
MLB suspends Alex Rodriguez through 2014 season
MLK would be alarmed by black-on-black violence, lack of family values
MSNBC + Politico = Washington’s cable news network
MSNBC host: Detroit’s problem is that government grew too small
MSNBC president wants investigation into Fox News’s “impossible” ratings gain
MSNBC responding to bombings in very MSNBC-like way
MSNBC tweets, then deletes, that right-wingers hate biracial families
MSNBC: Must-agree TV
MSNBC’s Krystal Ball to “anti-union” Hillary Clinton: “Don’t run.”
MSNBC’s Krystal Ball: “We could eliminate poverty” with a “Mincome”
MSNBC’s Martin Bashir “on vacation” after Sarah Palin remarks
MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow hunkers down on Koch Brothers claim
MSNBC’s Wagner: Obama “thinks and thinks deeply” about the War on Terror
MSNBC’s alternate universe
MSNBC’s most embarrassing mockery of Romney’s Russia warnings
MSNBC’s newest primetime host: Alec Baldwin?
MSNBC’s not the place for breaking news, says … MSNBC president
MTV is not birth control
Maaloula’s cathedral and churches empty of Christians as Syria’s latest front-line fight takes its toll
Machiavelli with malaprops: A quarter-century of covering Harry Reid
Macho men may not have the survival advantage in war
Madam President
Madonna stands up for gun rights?
Magical Fairyland budgeting
Magnet on! Amnesty border rush starts
Magpul leaves Colorado over new gun laws, announces move to Texas, Wyoming
Maine doctor cuts prices in half by refusing health insurance
Maine town set to vote on mandatory gun ownership
Mainstream U.S. media failed to break even one of the four current Obama scandals
Major breakthrough made in multiple sclerosis treatment?
Major networks refuse to cover Rand Paul’s tea party response
Major sports leagues prepare for the “I’m gay” announcement
Make a deal with Edward Snowden
Make no mistake, it was jihad
Make way for transgender high school
Making Oprah Harvard’s commencement speaker is an endorsement of phony science
Making college pay off
Making the world a better place since 1776
Making treason cool
Malaysian court rules use of “Allah” exclusive to Muslims
Male gorilla at Dallas Zoo to get therapy for his sexist attitude
Mali insurgency endangers French pull-out plan
Mali manual suggests al-Qaida has surface-to-air missiles
Maliki rejects Kerry’s plea to halt flow of Iranian arms to Syria
Maliki to revive Sunni militia role against al Qaeda
Mammoth protests in Egypt demand Morsi’s ouster
Man accused of illegally firing shotgun cites Biden’s advice
Man dies after hospitals reject him … 36 times
Man slashes rabbi’s neck while screaming “Allahu Akbar”; motive unclear
Man who works for liberal echo chamber finds conservative echo chamber suffocating
Man with critically ill son gives up on Healthcare.gov after more than 50 tries
Management experts knock Obama
Manchin and Toomey considering changes to background-checks bill
Manchin: Law-abiding gun owners should like my background-checks bill
Manchin: We don’t have the votes
Mandela memorial security scandal: “There were no checks”
Manias, panics, and ObamaCare crashes
Manipulating the U.S. intelligence community shouldn’t be this easy
Manning the Barrycades of punitive liberalism
Many 2011 federal budget cuts had little real-world effect
Many Californians who enrolled in ObamaCare plans still await confirmation
Many Spanish speakers left behind in first wave of ObamaCare
Many counties lack affordable ObamaCare plans for unsubsidized
Many rival nations surge past the U.S. in adding new jobs
Map: All the countries that John McCain has wanted to attack
Map: America hates the Seahawks
Map: How much does marijuana cost in the U.S.?
Map: North Dakotans drink the most beer per capita; Utahns, the least
Map: Oh, the (very few) places Edward Snowden can go
Map: The United States of brands
Map: What’s the best movie set in your state?
Map: Which countries e-mail each other and why
Map: Which countries execute the most prisoners?
Marco Rubio aims for comeback with conservatives
Marco Rubio and Rand Paul: Two distinct views of the Middle East
Marco Rubio courting wealthy Wall Street donors ahead of 2016
Marco Rubio goes all-in on immigration bill
Marco Rubio knows that the border is already secure, right?
Marco Rubio rebuts Rand Paul: We’ve paid dearly for isolationism
Marco Rubio steps closer to an Obama hug
Marco Rubio still a favorite among social conservatives
Marco Rubio to conservatives: No, I haven’t been duped on immigration
Marco Rubio touts Chris Christie in fundraising pitch
Marco Rubio wants to be a lead sponsor on anti-abortion bill
Marco Rubio wants you to know he’s a conservative
Marco Rubio, Gang of One
Marco Rubio, marketing genius
Marco Rubio, the forgotten frontrunner
Marco Rubio, the anti-Romney
Marco Rubio: Poster boy for the GOP’s identity crisis
Marco Rubio stumbles
Marco Rubio’s 2016 chances are alive and well
Marco Rubio’s Iowa problem
Marco Rubio’s Iowa slide
Marco Rubio’s ObamaCare folly
Marco Rubio’s big problem: Explaining his immigration shift
Marco Rubio’s going nowhere
Marco Rubio’s immigration game plan
Margaret Thatcher was a real feminist
Margaret Thatcher was no doctrinaire ideologue
Margaret Thatcher: Iron without irony
Marijuana legalization a no-go for Joe Biden
Marijuana legalization: The elites versus the masses
Marijuana’s march towards mainstrem confounds feds
Marine Corps quietly delays pullup requirement for women
Marine study: Including women in combat could hurt retention
Marine who urinated on Taliban corpses demoted
Marine who urinated on Taliban dead says he’d do it again
Marine with concealed carry permit stops man from beating woman
Marines crack down on fashionable hairstyles
Marines delay female fitness plan after half fail
Marines on ready to go to Egypt to protect U.S. Embassy, citizens
Marines sack two generals for failing to stop Afghan attack
Marines test women for infantry role
Marines withdraw from Afghan province feeling war was worth it
Mark Begich: Okay, okay, I’m pro-gay marriage too
Mark Levin: I support decriminalizing marijuana in certain circumstances
Mark Levin: Republicans should “boycott the State of the Union”
Mark Sanford to opponent: Hey, let’s campaign together
Mark Sanford’s ex-wife: He asked me to run his new campaign for Congress
Mark Sanford’s probably going to win tonight
Mark Sanford’s God
Mark Steyn: No reason to believe GOP will ever repeal Obamacare
Mark Zuckerberg: Immigration reform is one of the biggest civil rights issues of our time
Mark Zuckerberg: Internet access is a human right
Mark Zuckerberg’s new cause: Comprehensive immigration reform
Market innovation, not government regulation, is the key to keeping college costs down
Markets expect a debt-ceiling deal — and they’d better get one
Markets vs. regulation: Lessons from the tragedies in Texas and Bangladesh
Marlboro Man dies from smoking-related illness
Marriage and minorities
Marriage equality is a conservative cause
Marriage is not an antidote to poverty
Marriage looks different now
Marriage, procreation, and historical amnesia
Marriages from online meetings are more stable, satisfying
Mars rover Curiosity makes first solo drive
Martin O’Malley putting together “framework” for presidential bid for some reason
Martin O’Malley would make a lousy presidential candidate
Martyr myth: Inside the minds of suicide bombers
Marxist group claims responsibility for bombing at U.S. embassy in Ankara
Marx’s revenge: How class struggle is shaping the world
Mary Cheney and the death of family ties
Mary Cheney: My sister Liz is treating us like second-class citizens
Mary Landrieu: I’m embarrassed to go to Europe because some Americans lack health insurance
Maryland employers cutting hours due to ObamaCare
Maryland health exchange director resigns over glitchy website
Masochism TV
Mass slaughter and Obama’s mystifying indifference
Massachusetts Dem wants law that would fire cops who curse
Massachusetts Obamacare exchange granted federal extension as director gently weeps
Massachusetts considers denying gun rights to innocent arrestees
Massachusetts, the model for Obamacare, has highest health costs in the United States
Mastering the Bill and Hillary two-step
Masters of boredom: When will Hollywood tire of its lie about “sexual liberation”?
Matthews: How can MSNBC be biased if Obama steers clear of it?
Maureen Dowd twists another quote just because she feels like it
Max Baucus on IRS: “I have a hunch that a lot more is going to come out, frankly”
May is make-or-break month for Obama, Congress
Maybe Congress will shift on Syria now that they’re back in the D.C. bubble
Maybe Japan’s aging population is actually good news
Maybe MSNBC has too much opinion and not enough news
Maybe Maryland should consider abolishing its ObamaCare exchange
Maybe Obama should start sweating the small stuff
Maybe Obama shouldn’t talk about a path to citizenship in the SOTU
Maybe Obama’s biggest problem is Obama
Maybe Obama’s not a centrist after all
Maybe Pope Francis will relax the celibacy rules for priests
Maybe Republicans should try being popular
Maybe Romney just didn’t want to be president
Maybe Tsarnaev was angry because immigration rules barred him from boxing or something
Maybe Washington waited too long to push gun control
Maybe eating pizza isn’t so good for you
Maybe it’s time for a cyberwarfare treaty
Maybe it’s time for a “United States Spring” against America’s economic apartheid
Maybe it’s time to let old people die
Maybe money does grow on trees
Maybe newspaper editors should stop printing the word “Redskins”
Maybe our brains just aren’t wired for ObamaCare
Maybe pain will teach you millennials not to vote for your own serfdom
Maybe the U.S. should adopt Amsterdam’s beer-for-work scheme for chronic alcoholics
Maybe the UN needs a secular pope
Maybe this disastrous ObamaCare rollout won’t hurt Democrats too much. Maybe?
Maybe this is the liberal moment
Maybe we need an international force to occupy Syria
Maybe we’re in a permanent slump
Maybe “Mayor Weiner” was never the goal
Mayor Mike Bloomberg: The best thing that’s happened to Republicans since Citizens United
Mayor Weiner? Dems doubt it
Mayor behind Christie allegations full of contradictions
Mayor drops out of Bloomberg’s anti-gun coalition, says “focus should not be against law-abiding citizens”
Mayors’ gun-control group to run Super Bowl ad pushing for background checks
McCain admits to “gross exaggeration”
McCain against the “wacko birds”
McCain and Graham slam Obama for Iraq violence
McCain and Graham to push for democracy during Egypt trip
McCain and Graham: Two wacko birds caught out on a limb
McCain calls for US military expansion in Mali
McCain concedes immigration reform won’t gain a single Latino vote for the GOP
McCain confident of identifying the “good guys” in Syria
McCain emerges as key senator for expanding background checks
McCain endorses Enzi over Cheney in Wyoming
McCain faces the revenge of the “wacko birds”
McCain on GOP senators’ dinner with Obama: “Great,” “wonderful”
McCain responds to Gohmert: It’s not malice if “someone has no intelligence”
McCain scolds White House for “crazy” leaks on Syrian air strikes
McCain sees support among House Republicans for immigration bill
McCain to GOP: Don’t shut down the government
McCain wants multiple hearings on the immigration bill
McCain “cautiously optimistic” House will follow Senate on immigration
McCain, Graham defend Obama State Dept. nominee linked to Benghazi
McCain, Graham praise Obama on immigration
McCain, Graham remarks on Egypt draw furious rebuke from military
McCain, House GOP headed for clash on immigration reform
McCain, McConnell heading for spell of rocky relations
McCain: Assad is “euphoric” about Obama’s decision on Syria strike
McCain: Boston bombings proved Rand Paul wrong about America being a battlefield
McCain: Censure from the AZ GOP makes me more likely to run
McCain: Future presidents will apologize over Syria
McCain: Hagel will probably be confirmed
McCain: Hagel’s not qualified but he deserves and up-or-down vote
McCain: Hey, there are benefits to having aged politicans around
McCain: I can’t give “unqualified support” for women joining the military until sexual assault crisis is resolved
McCain: I don’t understand why Republicans are threatening to filibuster a gun-control bill
McCain: I expect bipartisan support in the Senate for universal background checks
McCain: I might consider new tax revenues as part of a way to avoid the sequester
McCain: If the election were held tomorrow, Hillary would be president
McCain: Immigration reform won’t hurt the GOP at the polls
McCain: It’s time for states to review “Stand Your Ground” laws
McCain: I’m not sure who I’d support in a Hillary versus Rand Paul race
McCain: No, I won’t stop using the term “illegal immigrant”
McCain: Obama promised to give Syrian rebels more advanced weapons
McCain: Obama should have apologized for tapping Angela Merkel’s phone
McCain: Obama’s remarks on race were “very impressive”
McCain: Send Petraeus back to Iraq
McCain: There are no good options in Syria but let’s intervene anyway
McCain: U.S. will have most militarized border since the Berlin wall
McCain: We’ll try to pass immigration reform after the GOP primaries
McCain: White House inaction is giving a “green light” to Syrian regime
McCain: “I really try hard not to get personal”
McCain: “We are not winning” the push for immigration reform
McCain: “You know, there is a statute of limitations on Sarah Palin questions”
McCain’s deals and “wacko bird” jabs are priceless for Obama
McCain’s new idea: Dollar coins
McCain’s newest cause abroad: Ukraine
McCain’s office: He didn’t realize he was posing with a rebel kidnapper in Syria
McCain’s op-ed in Pravda: Russians deserve better than Putin
McCarthy: No House votes on immigration this year
McConnell aide: FBI has several leads about secret office recording
McConnell has no interest in negotiating with Reid over a budget
McConnell vs. Bevin: The other Kentucky Derby
McConnell won’t block immigration bill from hitting Senate floor
McConnell’s tea-party opponent, Matt Bevin, backed TARP in 2008
McDonald’s employee site bashes fast food
McDonald’s restaurant in Australia turns to opera to drive out loitering teenagers
McDonough says attack on Assad regime would send message to Iran
McLaughlin group wonders: Will Obama face war-crimes prosecution for drones?
Measles cases in U.S. rise; most unvaccinated, CDC says
Media CEO, Obama supporter equates pesticides with Syrian nerve gas
Media Matters chief calls on “60 Minutes” to retract Benghazi report
Media Matters chief working hard to spin Benghazi before Hillary 2016 run
Media Matters declares victory: “The war on Fox is over”
Media attacks president for loyalty-based promotion of Rice — Condoleezza, not Susan
Media circles the wagons to protect Rolling Stone
Media coverage of the 2012 election was fair and balanced after all
Media not as rosy about Hopenchange as they used to be
Media petitions White House to release data on ObamaCare enrollments
Media sees Obama’s wars as good because he’s not Bush
Media shamefully silent after White House links GOP to terrorists
Media starting to realize that ObamaCare is a redistribution scheme
Media wonders: Obama’s sort of our puppet-master, isn’t he?
Media wonders: Why didn’t we spot these huge ObamaCare screw-ups sooner?
Media worship of Weiner’s wife: It’s come to this
Media’s new ObamaCare success story: A 30-year-old lawyer in training who now pays nothing for insurance
Medicaid accidentally overpays $88 million to Alabama
Medicaid growth could aggravate doctor shortage
Medicaid is latest ObamaCare website victim
Medicaid, insurance fixes may be big trouble later
Medicaid-expanding GOP governors have egg on their faces
Medicaid: The $7 trillion anti-depression program
Medieval times: The new feudalism
Medieval liberals
Meet Ahmadinejad’s chosen successor
Meet Generation Jobbed
Meet Khaled Sheikh Mohammed’s pen pal
Meet Obama’s controversial surgeon general nominee
Meet Preet — Obama’s hatchet man against filmmakers
Meet Republicans’ favorite House liberal
Meet the Chinese “censors” who watch hundreds of pornographic movies a week
Meet the SWUGs of Yale
Meet the chief justice of America’s secret Supreme Court
Meet the deadliest U.S. soldier on record
Meet the defense lawyer who’ll try to save Dzhokhar Tsarnaev from death
Meet the family who sent six kids to college by age 12
Meet the liberal billionaires who rule your world
Meet the man in charge of America’s secret cyber army
Meet the minority youth Obama wants to stop from attending private schools
Meet the most dysfunctional team in Sochi
Meet the new fast-food worker: Older, and more educated
Meet the newspaper digitizer who’s out-working the Library of Congress
Meet the nine-year-old suicide bomber
Meet the partisan union behind the partisan IRS
Meet the sequester survivors
Meet the weirdos who never believed in Santa
Mega-donors prepare GOP war council
Megadonors grateful to Rubio on immigration, leery of new anti-abortion push
Megyn Kelly responds to critics of her Santa comments: Get a sense of humor
Megyn Kelly, Fox News’s brightest star
Melissa Harris-Perry apologizes for segment on Romney’s grandson
Meltdowns hobble the NSA data center
Members of Congress call for action after Zimmerman verdict
Members of Congress leaning on Russia to give back Snowden too
Members pan GOP leaders’ debt-ceiling plan
Membership in Wisconsin public worker unions takes hit after Walker’s collective bargaining law
Memo to Chris Christie: For the good of the country, don’t run in 2016
Memo to Hillary Clinton: “You’re the problem”
Memo to Joe Biden: Shotguns are uses in crimes more often than “assault” weapons
Memo to Snowden: Don’t try this in Ecuador
Memo to media: Respect Newtown’s wishes and stay far away on shooting anniversary
Memo to the GOP: Become the workers’ party
Memo warned of “limitless” security risks for HealthCare.gov
Memo: House GOP leaders coach rank-and-file on discussing unemployment
Memo: State Dep’t has hired agents with criminal records
Memo: The Aaron Sorkin model of political discourse doesn’t actually work [link fixed]
Memorial Day 2013
Men are obsolete
Men at work: Revisiting the alienation of labor
Men dither while women lead in the world
Men give up on their appearances at age 46; women, 59
Men may be the cause of menopause
Men on the threshold
Men should wear make-up
Men without women: Is there a male friendship crisis?
Menendez spent up to 87 percent of his own wealth paying back donor for flights
Menendez: The Gang of Eight bill doesn’t have 60 votes yet
Menstruation is having a moment
Merkel calls Obama over suspicion U.S. monitored her phone
Merkel to Obama: Putin’s losing it
Merkel, Hollande to discuss possible European communication network that avoids U.S.
Message from the ruins of Qusair
Message unheard
Mexican president “indignant” at U.S. deportations
Mexico set to impose 8% tax on junk food
Mexico, our good neighbor
Mexico’s new friend: Castro’s Cuba
Mia Love preparing for another run for Congress
Michael Hastings Trutherism
Michael Hayden: Gmail is terrorists’ platform of choice
Michael Hayden: Snowden’s claim that he could wiretap anyone is “absolutely outrageous”
Michael Moore denies calling for release of Newtown shooting photos
Michael Needham, the conservative strategist behind the shutdown
Michael Sam’s combine report: Meh
Michael Steele “looking at” a run for governor of Maryland
Michelle Malkin girds for 2014 GOP civil war
Michigan Democrat Rep. Gary Peters threatens TV station licenses over ObamaCare ad
Michigan attorney general backs pensioners in Detroit bankruptcy
Michigan union tell-all
Michigan woman dies in Syria, fighting for rebels
Microphones hidden in attorney-client rooms at Gitmo
Microsoft, suspecting NSA spying, to ramp up efforts to encrypt its Internet traffic
Middle East Christians need our protection
Middle East diplomats wonder: Who will fill the regional power vacuum as America withdraws?
Middle East experts find Kerry focus on Israeli-Palestinian peace “baffling”
Middle-class Californians surprised to find they now need to buy more expensive health insurance
Midterm blues for Democrats: Rebuking the “new” New Deal
Midterms forecast: No wave, just modest gains
Midterms or no, Republicans can’t be complacent this year
Might Obama’s immigration plan be a decoy?
Mike Bloomberg and Mary Poppins: When the nanny acquired a police force
Mike Bloomberg is a “champion of choice” or something
Mike Bloomberg, liberal fascist
Mike Bloomberg: Let’s face it, handguns are more dangerous than “assault weapons”
Mike Bloomberg: Not passing immigration reform is national suicide
Mike Bloomberg’s new crusade: Food composting
Mike Bloomberg’s new crusade: Warning people about loud headphones
Mike Bloomberg’s new enemies: Sweet tea and energy drinks
Mike Huckabee could be president — if only he wanted it
Mike Huckabee “chatting” about 2016 bid
Mike Huckabee: My adventures in radio
Mike Huckabee’s radio show ending
Mike Huckabee’s mis-conceptions
Mike Lee and the Republican opportunity
Mike Lee faces backlash in Utah over government shutdown
Mike Lee steps out of Ted Cruz’s shadow
Mike Lee, the quiet mastermind of the “defund” strategy
Mike Lee: “Demeaning,” “unfair,” “all out attack” against me and Ted Cruz from GOP
Mike McCaul: Older Tsarnaev brother “very probably” received training during Russia trip last year
Mike Rogers hints: Congressional intel committees knew Awlaki was being targeted
Mike Rogers: Amash effort to curb NSA powers “dangerous”
Miley Cyrus and ugly sex
Miley Cyrus, Steubenville and teen culture run amok
Military action in Syria faces uncertain fate in Congress
Military bases open their doors to home-schoolers
Military didn’t conduct full background check on Navy Yard shooter when he applied for access this year
Military experts warn U.S. losing leverage, gains in Iraq as violence escalates
Military nears holy grail: Pizza that lasts years
Military salutes Gay Pride Month
Military says U.S. law barring aid to human-rights violators hurts training missions abroad
Military strikes on Syria “as early as Thursday,” U.S. officials say
Military trial in U.S. being considered for Russian detained in Afghanistan
Military veterans in Congress line up against Syria attack
Military, Pentagon grappling with Karzai ban on U.S. special operations in key Afghan province
Milk prices could reach new high next month
Millennial communists: To the young, this time is always different
Millennials think authority figures are untrustworthy idiots, and modern culture is to blame
Millions are about to get health insurance. But are there enough doctors?
Minnesota ObamaCare exchange director takes tropical vacation while state website struggles
Misreading Putin, and history
Misremembering Tom Coburn: A conservative, not a moderate
Missile launch is North Korea’s exit strategy, analysts say
Mission creep: A short history
Missouri cops violated state law, gave feds data on concealed-carry permit holders
Missouri, where parents are okay with armed teachers
Mistreated Medal of Honor recipient wants his old job back
Mitch Daniels’s gift to academic freedom
Mitch McConnell at war
Mitch McConnell isn’t as vulnerable as he seems
Mitch McConnell on conservative activist groups: “I think we are going to crush them everywhere”
Mitch McConnell tells donors: No more shutdowns
Mitch McConnell: A clean debt-ceiling hike would be irresponsible
Mitt Romney Inc: The White House that never was
Mitt Romney not too eager to see Rand Paul or Ted Cruz as nominee
Mitt Romney still at work on his next act
Mitt Romney was right: Russia’s our number-one enemy
Mitt Romney: Chris Christie’s not a bully — he’s like LBJ
Modernity means more stuff
Mohamed ElBaradei named interim prime minister of Egypt
Mohammed al-Dura: The boy who was not really killed
Mom survey: Three is the most stressful number of kids
Momentum builds against NSA surveillance
Momentum shifts in Syria, bolstering Assad’s position
Moms now primary breadwinners in 40 percent of homes
Money can’t buy love, but it can open the door to U.S. citizenship
Money: The crisis Washington is ignoring
Mongolian neo-Nazis rebrand themselves as environmentalists
Monica Lewinsky, reconsidered
Monster porn: Amazon’s crackdown on America’s latest sex fantasy
Montana’s gun-rights supporters are ignoring the Constitution in misguided attempts to protect it
Months later, little still known about military’s role in Benghazi
Mood shifting, Congress may move to limit NSA spying
Mordor up close
More Al Qaeda members now living in Syria than in any other country on earth
More Catholic than the Pope
More ObamaCare issues: Health insurance marketplaces will not be required to verify consumer claims
More ObamaCare promises are going up in smoke
More ObamaCare unraveling
More U.S. officials see Assad gathering momentum in Syria
More conservative, less Republican
More couples who become parents are living together but not marrying, data show
More dads wiping butts, reading with the kids
More fun with Bill & Hill
More immigration would be good for the economy
More liberal, populist movement emerging in Democratic Party ahead of 2016 elections
More mystery over AP subpoenas process at Justice Department
More older Americans using marijuana
More on Tsarnaev’s 2011 phone calls with his mother about jihad
More on why bombing Hiroshima and Nagasaki was wrong
More pilots report lasers being shined into their cockpits while flying
More than 50 major media groups protest the DOJ’s AP action
More than a thousand escape from Benghazi prison in mass jailbreak
More than all past presidents, Obama uses 1917 Espionage Act to go after reporters
More than half of U.S. diplomatic posts may not meet security rules
More than two million now enrolled under ObamaCare
More white votes alone won’t save the GOP
More young couples commit — to homeownership before marriage
Morgan Freeman rips the tea party, again
Morsi bringing more Islamists into Egyptian cabinet
Morsi greets Ahmadinejad in Egypt
Morsi is the Arab world’s Mandela
Morsi spurned deals to the end, seeing the military as tamed
Morsi to address Egyptians with his political survival hanging in the balance
Morsi warns opposition: I may have to act to “protect this nation”
Mosque attended by Tsarnaev brothers has radical ties
Most Americans accumulating debt faster than they’re saving for retirement
Most Americans don’t get their news from an ideologically lockstep set of outlets
Most Americans now facing a retirement that’s worse than their parents’
Most Americans say sequester cuts would have a major impact on economy, military
Most IRS, government lawyers donated to Obama campaign
Most ObamaCare enrollees already had health plans, report says
Most Snowden documents concern current U.S. military operations
Most of Syria’s toxins can be destroyed more easily than officials initially thought
Most people endangered by football don’t play in the NFL
Most popular candidate with Iowa Republicans: Paul Ryan
Most transparent administration evah isn’t being so transparent lately, huh?
Most. Dangerous. World. Ever.
Mother nature and the global middle class
Mother of Benghazi victim: I blame Hillary
Mouse versus man in the new Cold War
MoveOn.org user petition: Let’s arrest the House GOP leadership and try them for sedition
Movement on the right: A conservatism of skeptical reform
Movement to end solitary confinement gains force
Moves to curb NSA spying help drive the clemency argument for Snowden
Moving from Left to Right
Moving in with manufacturers, Amazon delivers a new approach
Moving the goalposts: What’s the left’s line on ObamaCare today?
Mr. President, can we please move on?
Mr. President, did you or didn’t you kill Anwar al-Awlaki?
Mrs. Thatcher’s losing victory
Mugged by a mugshot online
Multiculti U.
Multivitamins won’t boost your health, say researchers
Muqtada al-Sadr: I’m quitting politics
Murder case against Cleveland kidnapping suspect will be tough to prove
Muslim Brotherhood admits it’s been negotiating with Egyptian army
Muslim Brotherhood appears in danger of falling apart
Muslim Brotherhood cleric calls for Sunni jihad in Syria
Muslim Brotherhood presses U.S. to declare military takeover a “coup”
Muslim Brotherhood: The new president is Jewish
Muslim Brotherhood’s statement on women exactly what you’d expect
Muzzling free speech about taxes
My Gucci addiction
My Rand Paul problem
My abortion, at 23 weeks
My bizarre experience becoming a “naturalized” American citizen
My break with the Democrats on school vouchers
My family’s misadventures with ObamaCare, continued
My father’s generation was better at being men
My fearless political predictions for 2014
My fellow liberals are enabling a tyrant by opposing intervention
My filibuster was just the beginning
My first rifle
My generation’s disease
My governor can beat up your governor
My journey from atheist to Christian
My life as a cell-phone holdout
My life on the mean streets of Los Santos
My mother regretted her abortion
My mother’s abortion
My mother’s adoption
My night in solitary
My nightmarish experience with Healthcare.gov
My state needs ObamaCare. Now.
My top-notch illiberal arts education
My unrecognizable Democratic Party
My vision of U.S. diplomacy
My week in North Korea
Mysterious drop in crime may be linked to small-scale efforts
Myths of the ObamaCare shutdown soap opera
My fear
N.J. Democrat: No evidence seen that Christie knew of traffic scheme
NARAL opposes ban on elective third-term abortions
NASA officials say Challenger disaster shouldn’t be “trivialized” in response to Beyonce song
NASA study: Ozone hole won’t heal until 2070
NASA, WH ask for public’s help in finding Earth-threatening asteroids
NASA’s next mission: Lassoing an asteroid?
NATO is in no position to protect eastern Europe from Russia
NATO needs to move now on Crimea
NATO study: U.S.-Israeli cyberattack on Iran was likely illegal under international law
NBA center Jason Collins comes out
NBA player had a written contract to pay for girlfriend’s abortion
NBC News on Dr. Ben Carson: “Blinded by the White”
NBC launches week of programming to help ObamaCare succeed
NBC won’t attend off-the-record meeting with Holder on leak investigation
NBC: All visitors to Sochi immediately hacked
NBC’s Hillary miniseries might be produced by … Fox
NBC’s Olympics coverage: From Russia with euphemisms
NBC’s Olympics intro: Communism was one of history’s “pivotal experiments”
NBC’s chief medical editor made kids sign up for ObamaCare as their “patriotic duty”
NFL commissioner on Redskins: “If one person is offended, we have to listen”
NFL could spend the offseason playing defense on Capitol Hill
NFL hopeful Michael Sam comes out as gay
NFL to adopt 15-yard penalty for use of racial slur?
NFL to meet with Indian tribe about “Redskins” name
NOAA: World in 2013 was 4th hottest on record
NRA gains upper hand on Obama
NRA goes after Manchin over guns compromise
NRA to unveil school safety plan
NRCC chairman: House will take up immigration reform before 2014 midterms
NSA admits to rare willful surveillance violations
NSA can’t say if it collected data on lawmakers, officials
NSA chief likely to be stripped of war powers
NSA chief says Snowden leaked up to 200,000 secret documents
NSA chief seeks legal shield for companies who help the feds fight cyberattackers
NSA chief: Surveillance has helped stop more than 50 terror attacks
NSA chief: “System did not work as it should have” to prevent Snowden leaks
NSA chief’s admission of misleading numbers adds to Obama administration’s blunders
NSA collects millions of email address books globally
NSA contractor hired Snowden despite concerns about resume discrepancies
NSA devises radio pathway into computers
NSA gathers data on social connections of U.S. citizens
NSA is collecting less than 30 percent of U.S. call data, officials say
NSA leak already prompting countermeasures by terrorists
NSA leaker Snowden may have few safe havens
NSA locking server room doors now to prevent another Snowden situation
NSA officers sometimes spy on love interests
NSA officials consider amnesty for Snowden in exchange for documents
NSA panel member recommends increased data collection
NSA program stopped no terror attacks, says White House panel member
NSA reform bills stall in committee in both chambers of Congress
NSA reported its own violations to FISA court in 2009, files show
NSA revelations could hurt collaboration with “betrayed” hackers
NSA says it can’t search its own e-mails
NSA scandal: What it would take to stop the spying
NSA seeks to build quantum computer that could crack most types of encryption
NSA sifting more data from Americans than thought to hunt for links to intel targets
NSA spying isn’t a left-right issue, it’s a right-wrong issue
NSA spying undermines separation of powers
NSA statement does not deny “spying” on members of Congress
NSA surveillance fears give Republicans a great in with young Americans
NSA surveillance may be legal — but it’s unconstitutional
NSA to release spying statistics
NSA uses Google cookies to pinpoint targets for hacking
NY City Council to discuss allowing non-citizens to vote in city elections
NY governor: “Extreme” right-to-life conservatives have no place in our state
NYC braces for start of Nanny Bloomberg’s soda ban
NYC can’t fire “heroin teacher”
NYC council approves ban on indoor use of … e-cigarettes?
NYC poll: Anthony Weiner second in mayoral race
NYC prison inmate almost as costly as Ivy League tuition
NYC school English teacher assigns to students: Write a suicide note
NYC schools hand out 12,721 “morning-after pills” in 2011-12
NYT editor describes babies allegedly murdered by Gosnell as “viable fetuses”
NYT editor: Yes, the paper has a liberal bias
NYT falsely claims that ObamaCare cuts New York premiums by 50%
NYT finally admits that Republicans are no more extreme on abortion than Democrats
NYT grumpy that Republicans uncovered Menendez’s ethics problems
NYT on Obama’s “if you like your plan” lie: Hey, he “misspoke”
NYT pulls reporter from daily coverage of Gosnell trial
NYT quietly changes editorial to make it less damning of Obama
NYT removes story on Anthony Weiner
NYT reporter: Amnesty for illegals is a “civil right”
NYT site is disrupted by hackers again
NYT to GOP: Hurry up and change your agenda already
NYT tweaks its usage of “illegal immigrant”
NYU tells Chinese dissident that he has two weeks to move out
Nader: Clinton needs a challenger from the left
Names of Benghazi whistleblower witnesses released
Naming Caroline Kennedy ambassador to Japan sends a terrible message about America
Nancy Pelosi enforcers wobble on Syria
Nancy Pelosi the hawk tells Obama to act on Syria
Nanny Bloomberg’s mandates lack supporting data
Napolitano promises to release more illegals
Napolitano: The border is fine, so fix the immigration system already
Napolitano: Timing of illegal immigrants’ release could’ve been better
Nate Silver: I might stop doing electoral modeling if it starts influencing elections
Nation columnist: Chavez “wasn’t authoritarian enough”
National Park Service forces inn leased on federal land to shut down after owner re-opens
National Park Service reopens some sites after pressure from governors, veterans
National Park rangers ordered to keep visitors out of privately run businesses
National gay marriage, now inevitable
National insurance plans slow to emerge under ObamaCare
Nations buying as hackers sell computer flaws
Nation’s biggest movie theater chain cuts workweek, blaming ObamaCare
Navajo code talker: “Redskins” isn’t derogatory
Navy deploying laser weapon prototype near Iran
Navy investigating alleged cheating on tests by sailors training on naval nuclear reactors
Navy sailors have radiation sickness after Japan rescue
Navy’s newest ship to be helmed by … Captain Kirk
Neal Boortz: Social conservatism will prevent the GOP from retaking the Senate
Nearly 10,000 Las Vegas Casino workers might go on strike over ObamaCare
Nearly all U.S. states see hefty drop in teen births
Nearly half of Americans living paycheck to paycheck
Nearly half of Detroit property owners failed to pay taxes last year
Nearly one in five members of Congress is double-dipping
Nebraska Republican Mike Johanns to retire from Senate after one term
Nebraska principle stops Pledge of Allegiance to remind kids of shutdown
Need ships? Try a 3-D printed Navy
Neighborhood patrols ponder gun use after Zimmerman case
Neighbors: Newark Mayor Cory Booker never lived in Newark
Neither Rand Paul nor John McCain gets conservative foreign policy right
Nelson Mandela dies at age 95
Nelson Mandela, Ronald Reagan, and the Cold War
Nelson Mandela, communist
Netanyahu slams Erdogan’s “sinister, mendacious” denunciation of Zionism
Netanyahu: Fear over Syrian weapons motivated apology to Turkey
Networks give “Bridgegate” 17 times more coverage in one day than IRS scandal in six months
Networks minimize Filner scandal coverage, won’t ID him as a Democrat
Nevada allegedly gave hundreds of mental patients one-way bus tickets to California
Nevada’s Republican governor is “all in” on ObamaCare
Never heard of “microaggression”? You may be guilty of it
Neville Chamberlain was right
New Benghazi report could aid Hillary Clinton, senior House Republican suggests
New Boston bombing narrative: “It’s not them, it’s us”
New California laws protect illegal immigrants
New Chinese law lets elderly parents sue children for financial, emotional support
New Chinese law: Visit your parents
New Democratic bill pitches, er, national park on the moon
New Democratic strategy: Talk openly about ObamaCare’s problems, and how to fix them
New Egyptian petition: Run, Sisi, run!
New Egyptian president: Muslim Brotherhood can contest elections
New Englanders need Tim Tebow
New GOP bill would boost penalties on IRS lawbreakers
New GOP debt-limit demands: Ban late-term abortion and approve Keystone pipeline?
New German law creates third gender option for registering newborns
New Hamas textbooks exactly as bad as you’d expect
New Hampshire: Hillary 61, Biden 7
New House GOP strategy: Follow the BuzzFeed model
New ICE boss ineligible for job, says critic
New Iranian president has his own “Yes We Can”-style video
New Iranian president tied to 1994 bombing
New Iranian president: Iran will accept any Syrian ruler elected by the people
New Jersey poll: 56% say Christie should resign if he knew of bridge lane closings
New Jersey poll: Christie’s job approval hits 74%, including 56% of Democrats
New Jersey’s black voters embrace Chris Christie
New Mark Sanford ad: “None of us goes through life without mistakes”
New Mexico Supreme Court: Photographer has no right to refuse to shoot a gay wedding
New NSA revelations stirring Congressional concern
New NYC law bans tobacco sales to anyone under 21
New OFA campaign: ObamaCare for Christmas!
New Obama promise: If you like your life, you can keep it
New ObamaCare campaign: Get moms to convince young adults to enroll
New ObamaCare delay: Cap on out-of-pocket costs suspended until 2015
New ObamaCare headache: Is your enrollment real?
New ObamaCare website “glitch”: The provider lists are often outdated or flat-out wrong
New Obamacare rules seek to improve access, but could raise premiums
New Paul Krugman column exactly what you’d expect
New Senate Syria plan would limit Obama’s options
New Snowden leak: NSA spied on Russian president at G20
New Swiss innovation: Drive-in sex boxes
New Venezuelan president: Hugo Chavez nudged Jesus to make an Argentinian become pope
New WH metric: Healthcare.gov is a success if 80% of users can buy plans through it
New White House headache: Which girlfriend is Hollande bringing to the state dinner?
New York City may ban “vaping” because it looks like smoking
New York City professionals who love ObamaCare surprised to find their insurance canceled
New York City’s worst school
New York Times sells Boston Globe company for $70 million — after buying it for $1.1 billion
New York court: Unpaid interns not protected by sexual harassment laws
New York food-stamp recipients shipping welfare-funded groceries to relatives in other countries
New York mag’s new Hillary Clinton profile whitewashes Benghazi, of course
New York might be the next Detroit, says … Mike Bloomberg
New York used to be a national punchline and will be again if they elect Weiner
New York’s creep-off election
New York’s dumb decision to ban e-cigarettes
New York’s divider-in-chief
New administration priority: Connecting people to the Internet
New amendment adds jobs bill to Gang of Eight immigration legislation for some reason
New analysis of rocket used in Syria chemical attack undercuts U.S. claims
New baby smell creates “very strong” bond in mom’s brain, study finds
New bill to extend unemployment benefits by three months introduced in Senate
New border-security amendment costs immigration bill some support — among liberals
New crisis at Fukushima: A flood of radioactive waste water
New data on border crossings cloud security debate
New data: China dwarfs U.S. in monetary stimulus
New defense against killer sharks: Invisibility wetsuits
New documentary shows Romney doubted himself throughout the campaign
New documents show NSA program provided 1,000 terror tips per year
New documents show extensive cover-up by Christie staffers in Bridgegate
New driverless trucks will keep army safe from IEDs
New effort by left to tar Marco Rubio as anti-woman
New evangelical movement seeks a split from the pro-Israel line
New fear in Syria: Bioweapons
New form of campaign contributions in Colorado: Marijuana
New gas regs show Obama’s slipping middle-class agenda
New gay-rights battleground: Virginia
New generation of immigration advocates take a radical approach
New glitch: Twist in U.S. health law may create two-tiered Medicaid
New goal for GOP: Wooing urban voters
New gonorrhea strain “worse than AIDS”
New iPhone’s fingerprint scanner already hacked
New idea for school districts: Copyrighting students’ work
New idea: Let’s clone John Lennon from one of his teeth
New immigration attack: It’s too pricey
New immigration kabuki: Sponsorship for gay couples
New intel assessment: Massive cyber-espionage campaign threatens U.S. economy’s competitiveness
New jihadi magazine appeals for help against drones
New law allows schools to teach gun safety to first-graders
New legislation would put VA in the baby business
New liberal meme emerges: Same ol’ GOP
New line of cups and straws detect date-rape drugs
New links emerge in the IRS scandal
New miracle diet: Er, sewing a patch onto your tongue
New parenting strategy: Running your family like a business
New plan for Syria’s chemical weapons: Destroy them at sea
New polls show most disapprove of ObamaCare
New pope labeled British “usurpers” in the Falklands a year ago
New post-deal Iran drama: The six-month deadline
New pro-Hillary Clinton super PAC attracts donors and worries
New research: Nazis ran many more concentration camps, ghettos than thought
New rulers of Earth after the next mass extinction: Giant rats, probably
New scandal, same old Christie
New solution to Washington gridlock: A Starbucks petition?
New solution to housing shortages: “Micro-homes”?
New solution to tech addiction: Camp?
New strategy for lobbyists to get Obama’s attention: Run ads on ESPN
New survey: Europe has a Jewish problem
New target for hackers: Household appliances
New task for Washington cops: Training police dogs not to detect pot anymore
New technology allows professors to track whether students are reading their textbooks
New tool in America’s drug war: Drones
New urgency among illegals to cross the border as immigration reform takes shape
New warning: Morning-after pill doesn’t work for women over 176 pounds
New way to boost your intelligence: Sex
New way to repopulate Detroit: Immigrants?
New way to ward off baby’s allergies: Parent’s saliva on the pacifier
New youth group to rival Boy Scouts on gay admission
New “deadline” for fixing ObamaCare glitches around mid-November
New “moderate” Iranian president may help shield mullahs from public unrest
New “moderate” Iranian president: Israel is an “old wound” that should be removed
Newer football helmets could slash concussion risks, study suggests
Newest Internet scam: “Ransomware”
Newest ObamaCare problem: What if companies with healthy employees self-insure?
Newest ObamaCare “glitch”: You can’t easily add a newborn baby to your plan
Newest advance in prosthetics: 3-D printed implants
Newest casualty of climate change: The winter Olympics?
Newest climate change symptom: More turbulence during flights
Newest cost of ObamaCare: Higher veterinary bills
Newest government redundancy: Military camouflage
Newest gun-control tool: Taxes
Newest mental disorder: Caffeine withdrawal?
Newest owner of the Washington Post: Amazon’s Jeff Bezos
Newest problem for GOP outreach to Latinos: They’re big fans of ObamaCare
Newest problem for immigration bill: Special interests
Newest salesmen for ObamaCare: Librarians?
Newest side effect of global warming: Apples losing their crunch
Newest supporter of open carry: Wendy Davis
Newest task for Seattle PD: “Operation Orange Fingers”
Newest threat to nuclear reactors: Jellyfish?
Newest tool for American spies: Alternate-reality games
Newest wave of corporate cyberattacks seeks to destroy data, not just steal it
Newest way to block spread of HIV: Weed?
Newest wrinkle in police brutality: Puppycide
Newest “preexisting condition”: Smoking?
Newhart, bullies, shunning, and cliques: The high-schoolization of America
Newly discovered documents: A denial of due process for the Watergate defendants?
Newly revealed e-mails undercut Lois Lerner’s story on IRS political targeting
News is bad for you — and giving it up will make you feel better
News media’s revolving door to Obama White House blurs lines of objectivity
News of government surveillance met with concern, not so much surprise
Newspaper bane: Nobody reads the stories
Newspapers should be more like Amazon
Newsweek plans return to print
Newsweek sold to publisher of International Business Times, will remain “100% digital”
Newsweek: The poster child of magazine journalism failure
Newt Gingrich rethinks neoconservative views on military interventions
Next U.S. ambassador to Japan: Caroline Kennedy?
Next big thing in advertising: Smell?
Next casualty from IRS scandal: Tax reform
Next for California: Warning labels on soda?
Next for Egypt’s military leader: Running for president?
Next for Obama: New momentum or long fight just to keep status quo?
Next for captured Al Qaeda capo al-Liby: Civilian court or a military tribunal?
Next immigration hurdle: The fine print on a path to citizenship
Next lieutenant governor of Florida: Allen West?
Next nasty nomination fight for Obama: Michael Boggs on the hot seat
Next ordeal for bombing victims: Medical bills
Next out of the printer: Living tissue
Next up for Mike Bloomberg: Banning styrofoam cups
Next up for supercomputer Watson: Curing cancer?
Next up: Obamacare’s worst-case scenario?
Next year’s midterms could decide the Senate majority for years to come
Nicolle Wallace: The GOP needs Rubio because he knows who Tupac is
Nidal Hasan at trial: Yes, I’m the Fort Hood shooter
Nidal Hasan renounces U.S. citizenship in writings sent to Fox News
Nikki Haley’s rocky governorship
Nine reasons why I support gay marriage and Arizona’s religious freedom bill
Nine things conservatives need to know about ObamaCare going forward
Nine things you need to know about the John Doe document dump against Scott Walker
Nine violent criminals who paid less for bail than “2016″ filmmaker Dinesh D’Souza
Nine women remaking the right
Nine-year-old boy 1, armed robbers 0
Nineteen clicks of separation
Nineteen firefighters killed in Arizona wildfire
No Fourth Amendment right in metadata embedded in posted photo, court holds
No antibiotics, no sexual revolution
No babies, no stimulus
No bailouts for ObamaCare
No car, but want to drive? Sharing might be the way to go
No delay, GOP
No early warning for U.S. on Israeli strikes in Syria
No end in sight to Democrats’ “war on women” attacks
No end to scandals in sight for embattled White House
No exit: Why quitting social media is a losing proposition
No exit: Why the U.S. can’t leave the Middle East
No good military options for U.S. in Syria
No grounds for claim that ObamaCare lowers healthcare costs
No joke: Eliot Spitzer running for NYC Comptroller
No longer content to fix presidential elections, Iran now hacking presidential polls
No loose lips — yet — on Christie’s ship
No need for lectures from a debt-saddled president
No one cares about Syria
No one knows if ObamaCare will increase healthcare coverage next month
No one knows what Republicans will do next
No one sabotaged ObamaCare
No one signs up for ObamaCare in Sebelius’s home state of Kansas
No one trusts the government — and that’s bad news for libertarians
No one wants to bury Tamerlan Tsarnaev
No one’s listening to Obama anymore
No peace talks with U.S.: Taliban envoys, living in Qatar with nothing to do
No recess for tea party on immigration
No respect: Nick DiPaolo, conservative comedian
No showboating at the Benghazi hearings tomorrow, please
No such thing as Accidental Racism?
No talk of affordable health care in ObamaCare PR push
No thank you, Karl Rove
No to the flat tax and other stale ideas
No truce for business groups, tea party
No, 2.1 million haven’t enrolled in ObamaCare plans
No, America isn’t destined to be more liberal
No, America isn’t just an accidental “blip” in world history
No, Ashley Judd’s (probably) not going to win
No, Bill Maher, the actual libertarian movement didn’t “go nuts”
No, Congress didn’t re-fund ObamaCare by ending the shutdown
No, Democrats did not just want to “count all the votes” in the 2000 election
No, HIllary’s not inevitable
No, Hillary won’t “clear the field” in 2016
No, Hillary’s not inevitable
No, Holder’s leak discussions with the press shouldn’t be off the record
No, I didn’t molest my daughter
No, Marissa Alexander’s conviction was not a “reverse Trayvon Martin” case
No, Mr. President, your job is not to “keep the American people safe”
No, NYT reporters don’t like the NYT op-ed page either
No, North Carolina won’t be establishing a state religion
No, Obama is not my daddy — he’s my employee
No, ObamaCare is not a good deal for young people in the long run
No, ObamaCare isn’t fixed
No, Obama’s (probably) not going to put the House in play in 2014
No, Philip Seymour Hoffman’s heroin dealer isn’t a murderer
No, President Obama — international politics is a chessboard
No, Putin defenders, we don’t owe Russia more “respect”
No, Rand Paul didn’t plagiarize his NSA lawsuit
No, Snowden fans, the story of his disappearance and escape is not a “distraction”
No, Snowden isn’t a refugee
No, Syria doesn’t prove that non-interventionists have taken over the GOP
No, Syria is not going to become Al Qaedastan
No, Syria isn’t Obama’s litmus test on Iran
No, Tom Cruise didn’t say that acting is as tough as combat
No, a Republican president won’t sabotage ObamaCare. Well, mostly not.
No, artificial intelligence isn’t going to take all of our jobs
No, fellow liberals, 2016 won’t be a landslide for Hillary
No, gerrymandering is not destroying democracy
No, gerrymandering is not why the GOP has a majority in the House
No, gerrymandering isn’t to blame for D.C. gridlock
No, heads won’t roll: Still no formal reprimands of anyone at the IRS
No, immigration reform isn’t happening this Congress
No, immigration reform won’t deliver a Latino voter “bonanza” to Democrats
No, immigration reform won’t make Social Security solvent
No, liberals, Dallas 1963 was not a “city of hate”
No, liberals, the tea party didn’t kill JFK
No, really, ObamaCare is good for Kansas
No, really, it’s possible that health insurance might not make us healthier
No, the 2012 election didn’t prove the GOP needs a reboot
No, the Cold War isn’t back
No, the French aren’t Europe’s most cultured people
No, the GOP’s not going to defund ObamaCare
No, the House is not in play because of the shutdown
No, the Israelis (probably) didn’t assassinate Arafat
No, the ObamaCare fiasco isn’t a single-payer conspiracy
No, the Republican party is not doomed
No, the Supreme Court didn’t overreach on the Voting Rights Act
No, the eurozone crisis isn’t over
No, the polar vortex doesn’t disprove global warming
No, the sequester won’t cause flight delays
No, the “college bubble” isn’t popping
No, there won’t be a doctor shortage
No, there’s no good evidence that Republicans are becoming more partisan about evolution
No, they can’t: Why presidents always disappoint us
No, we don’t have enough evidence that Syria has used chemical weapons
No, we don’t need an IRS special prosecutor
No, women don’t make less money than men
No, you can’t keep your drugs under ObamaCare, either
No, you can’t keep your plan
No, “Die Hard” isn’t a Christmas movie
No. 2 U.S. nuke commander suspended amid probe
Noam Chomsky helped lobby Stephen Hawking to stage Israel boycott
Nobels and national greatness
Nobody knows how to make a pencil, or a health-care system
Nobody likes malls, except the customers
Nobody should go shopping on Thanksgiving
Nonconservative groups say IRS scrutinized them too
Nonpartisan review: Yes, the U.S. engaged in torture after 9/11
Nonprofit study: NSA phone record collection does little to prevent terrorist attacks
North Korea already won
North Korea assures Chinese tourists: There’ll be no war
North Korea could be in store for a purge — and destabilization
North Korea could reach the U.S. with nuclear arms, says the U.S.
North Korea experts: Actually, Rodman’s trip could prove useful
North Korea is a nuclear power, and the West better get used to it
North Korea is not America’s problem
North Korea is testing Obama’s “strategic patience” policy
North Korea issues preconditions for a return to diplomatic talks
North Korea moving missiles again in preparation for test
North Korea proposes talks with Washington
North Korea signalling that it’s willing to negotiate on American prisoner?
North Korea sneers at South Korean president’s “venomous swish of skirt”
North Korea threatens to shut key joint factory complex with South over “insults”
North Korea withdraws invite for U.S. envoy
North Korea “deports” American held captive for months
North Korea: The family business is failing
North Korea: We’ve entered a state of war with the South
North Korea: Where the neocons are right
North Korean purge explodes myth of unchallenged Kim dynasty
North Korean rocket units on standby to attack US bases
North Korean secrecy on bomb test fuels speculation on nuclear advances
North Korea’s Dennis Rodman problem
North Korea’s Qaddafi nightmare
North Korea’s map of death
North Korea’s most legendary delicacy: Choco Pies
North Korea’s new export: Meth
North Miami mayoral candidate “endorsed by Jesus” finishes last
Northern Lebanon is ready to blow
Not all gun owners love guns, you know
Not all marriages are created equal
Not all truth-telling is virtuous, Sen. Paul
Not even climate change will kill off capitalism
Not even large oil reserves can save Venezuela now
Not everyone wants to be CEO
Not having a state militia means law enforcement will be more intrusive
Not his war
Not much buzz in Iowa about a Paul Ryan run in 2016
Not much interest anymore from FCC in policing indecency on TV
Not one more dollar until Egypt’s Christians are protected
Not raising the debt ceiling would be unconstitutional
Not since Catherine the Great was there a woman of such consequence as Thatcher
Not such a hot idea: Liberal and conservative parties
Not waiting for Hillary, Martin O’Malley prepares for possible presidential bid
Note to Assad: Don’t cross our red line by using chemical weapons
Note to Obama and Al Gore: Stop whining about right-wing media
Note to Obama: Erdogan is not an ally
Note to Obama: Spending on infrastructure won’t drive economic growth
Note to Obama: The Israeli-Palestinian dispute is not a master-key to world peace
Note to Snowden: Traditionally, asylum for Americans in Russia hasn’t worked out too well
Note to ambitious GOP pols: There’s an opening on the right against amnesty
Note to the AP: This is how you get treated when you’re in a politician’s pocket
Note to the GOP elite: Immigration reform won’t win over Latino voters
Note to western media: North Korea is no joke
Note to young hackers: Uncle Sam wants you
Now France getting cold feet over Syria attack too?
Now Republicans have to prove they can do better than ObamaCare
Now blue-state Senate Democrats are feeling the heat
Now comes Sandra Fluke, social justice attorney
Now he cares: The big significance of Obama’s Iranian move
Now he’s after your 401(k)
Now is not the time for new gun laws
Now is the time to delay ObamaCare
Now might be the least worst time for Republicans to move on immigration reform
Now that he’s changed his tune on amnesty, should Rubio be forgiven?
Now the UAW wants to muzzle public officials
Now wanted: Baby girls in China
Now we know: Bush didn’t lie about WMD in Iraq
No R-S-P-E-C-T
Nuclear corps, sidelined in terror fight, produces a culture of cheating
Nuclear scientists: This deal doesn’t do much to roll back Iran’s bomb-making capacity
Number of Americans renouncing their citizenship soars
Number of Iowans who’ve signed up for insurance via Healthcare.gov so far: Five
Number of U.S. gun makers refusing sales to government triples in two weeks
Number of federal wiretaps rose 71 percent in 2012
Number of names on U.S. counter-terrorism database jumps
Number one swimming problem: Number two, of course
Nurse practitioners playing doctor more often
OFA is not a partisan organization or something
OFA’s first foray, on guns, falls short
Oakland to issue municipal IDs that double as debit cards
Obaka skips national security meeting on Ukraine for some reason
ObamCare’s headaches are bigger than the website, Mr. President
Obama Inc.: The president’s left-wing network continues to expand
Obama NSA reform may reduce privacy, kill constitutional challenges
Obama Romneyizes the Republicans
Obama State of the Union to focus on income inequality, of course
Obama abroad: Waffle, vacillate, fail
Obama achieved half of his goals in the Iran deal — namely, preventing an Israeli attack
Obama acts like Bush, liberals suffer “cognitive dissonance”
Obama actually has more legal right to arm Assad than to arm the rebels
Obama admin knew about WWII vets’ request to visit Memorial — and rejected it
Obama admin seeing no hard evidence that Syria crossed the “red line”
Obama admin to states: You guys can cut back on Medicaid payments, you know
Obama administration OKs bank loans to pot dealers
Obama administration asks Supreme Court allow warrantless cellphone searches
Obama administration had restrictions on NSA reversed in 2011
Obama administration preps for Syria strike
Obama administration resisting GOP bid to see Fast & Furious documents
Obama administration says PRISM didn’t target Americans
Obama administration to blame for jailing of hero bin Laden doctor, says Pakistani report
Obama administration to frustrated Healthcare.gov users: Come back!
Obama administration won’t use “coup” for Egypt
Obama administration: Some religions are more equal than others
Obama admits ObamaCare not the “smart political thing” in letter
Obama adviser: He doesn’t seek softball interviews
Obama aide: It’s “irrelevant” where he was during Benghazi attack
Obama aides keep talking up Hillary, not Biden, for 2016
Obama allies urge environmentalists to avoid economic arguments
Obama already running out of time to build a second-term legacy
Obama and Congress: “Rolling the dice”
Obama and McCain: Washington’s newest odd couple
Obama and Netanyahu go to war
Obama and Rouhani: To jaw-jaw is better than to war-war
Obama and Ted Cruz: Political twins?
Obama and drones: The world as free-fire zone
Obama and liberals hug it out
Obama and the gang that can’t shoot straight
Obama and the limits of unilateral action
Obama and the “Amazon experience”
Obama and the doomsayers
Obama appears at a loss to define the way forward in Syria
Obama as the Green Lantern
Obama associate: Some of these GOP outreach efforts “feel fake to him”
Obama at Navy Yard memorial service: “We can’t accept this”
Obama at the tipping point
Obama backers mount glum case for low expectations
Obama becoming bolder on environment in his second term
Obama begins lobbying blitz to rally support for Syria strike
Obama bets big on Syrian rebel leader
Obama bets on Putin’s unlikely reversal on Ukraine
Obama bets the House on Syria — and he’s losing
Obama blew up the health care system. How should the GOP plan to fix it?
Obama blinks on the sequester; GOP finally has the upper hand
Obama boasts of health care savings, but costs likely to rise for many
Obama bombs in Berlin: A weak, underwhelming address from a floundering president
Obama boosts health law with select data
Obama bundler bets against Healthcare.gov
Obama calls Boehner, rules out debt negotiations
Obama calls for more gun control in the wake of the Navy Yard shooting
Obama calls out Chris Christie for minimum wage hike
Obama campaign plans major push for Gang of Eight immigration bill
Obama can rescue his presidency from these “faux scandals”
Obama can start fixing the IRS by appointing a Republican as commissioner
Obama can’t afford to wait until 2014
Obama can’t get ahead of NSA story
Obama can’t solve the jobs problem
Obama can’t talk his way out of a box
Obama changed his mind at the 11th hour
Obama channels his inner Al Gore in climate change messaging shift
Obama considering a limited military strike on Syria
Obama considers more ways to apply pressure to Assad
Obama could lose big on Syria in the House
Obama could still fail, says… TPM
Obama counting on power of convening people for change or something
Obama courts backlash with gay scoutmaster stance
Obama criticizes Cruz, other first-term GOPers for “being controversial”
Obama defends giving budget speech in rampage’s aftermath
Obama dismisses IRS targeting of conservatives: “They’ve got a list, and suddenly everybody’s outraged”
Obama distress signal: President seeks help from first-term A-Team
Obama doesn’t get everything he wanted on immigration
Obama doesn’t get to say he is tired of war
Obama doesn’t have the authority to raise the debt ceiling by himself, but who would stop him?
Obama doesn’t have to talk about regime change, he just has to do it
Obama doesn’t seem very competent, does he?
Obama either lied to us or to himself
Obama embraces role as consoler-in-chief to remain above the fray
Obama exaggerated ObamaCare’s enrollment numbers in the SOTU, of course
Obama expected to turn to Congress to help decide fate of NSA phone data collection
Obama faces backlash on executive power
Obama fails economics — and art history
Obama fans grumpy over lack of public events
Obama flails as Republicans stand firm on sequester
Obama gives military one year to curb sex assault
Obama goal for quick revamp of NSA program may be unworkable, some U.S. officials fear
Obama got a pass on Benghazi, thanks to Romney
Obama grasps for climate legacy as second-term agenda crumbles
Obama hands out top ambassador posts to 19 big campaign donors
Obama has fulfilled Nixon’s dream of an imperial presidency
Obama has his Bush moment
Obama has ignored the fundamental collapse of the black American family
Obama has leeway on Iran, despite U.S. lawmakers’ objections
Obama has lost the war on leaks
Obama has more flexibility on sequestration than he wants you to think he has
Obama has no right to sit on the sidelines until the Supreme Court rules on the NSA
Obama has the power, nay, the duty to act on global warming
Obama has weaponized wit
Obama hesitant to commit troops in Afghanistan beyond 2014
Obama hits a wall in Berlin
Obama holds a meeting with WH reporters, off the record
Obama hoping to recharge or something after a tough year
Obama in Israel: The empty-handed tourist?
Obama in the doldrums
Obama in thrall to the CIA’s killing machine
Obama in trouble with Senate Democrats on Syria
Obama intends to let ObamaCare prove critics wrong by succeeding or something
Obama is Bush 2.0 — and it’s no upgrade
Obama is a laughing stock
Obama is about to undermine his own Mideast doctrine
Obama is failing the Middle East, and U.S. interests there
Obama is looking for reasons to delay a response to Syria’s chemical-weapons use
Obama is losing the millennials
Obama is open to a big budget deal, but wants more revenues
Obama is open to ditching the penny
Obama is playing a new game
Obama is right on Syria
Obama is unlikely to support the Cairo opposition, at his peril
Obama issues statement on Zimmerman verdict
Obama joins G8 allies in isolating Putin over Syria
Obama jumps into immigration debate — will that help or hurt?
Obama just made a huge mistake in cutting aid to Egypt
Obama keeps quiet on race — again
Obama knew this: Latinos love ObamaCare
Obama leaning towards extending privacy protections to noncitizens in NSA overhaul
Obama letting House, Senate Republicans compete to make the best offer
Obama lied because we can’t handle the truth
Obama lied, my health plan died
Obama like Bush Lite? “No way in hell,” say liberal activists
Obama likely to accept change in spying on foreign leaders
Obama looking to 2014 to cement his legacy
Obama looks to re-launch second term in 2014
Obama loses his cool
Obama losing control of Middle East policy
Obama losing altitude
Obama making nice to Iran on eve of Israel visit?
Obama marks Newtown school shooting anniversary with call for gun control
Obama may back FBI plan to wiretap web users
Obama may be wounded but ObamaCare is unstoppable
Obama may enroll under ObamaCare
Obama meeting with national security team on Syria
Obama meets the “47 percent” video guy
Obama meets with newly appointed envoys about closing Gitmo
Obama met off-the-record with conservative journalists
Obama misunderstands wartime leadership
Obama mocks GOP: “How dare you fix things?,” “You’re a tyrant’ using executive action
Obama moves left on the economy to change the subject from ObamaCare
Obama must be ready to use the Fourteenth Amendment to raise the debt ceiling
Obama must confront his embarrassing nonproliferation failure on North Korea in the SOTU
Obama must not approve Keystone on the basis of bad science
Obama must not negotiate on ObamaCare
Obama myRA proposal unlikely to boost retirement savings
Obama needs a Plan B on guns
Obama needs insurers too much to make them his punching bag
Obama needs to do more, not less, on his own
Obama needs to fire some people
Obama needs to get mad about his broken ObamaCare website
Obama nominates Benghazi talking points enabler Victoria Nuland for assistant secretary of State
Obama offers Christie shelter from the storm
Obama official again lowers the bar on a website deadline: It will be “greatly improved”
Obama on Hill’s ObamaCare mess: Hey, I’m on it
Obama on Rubio: I think he’s been a “very positive force” on immigration
Obama on Syria: I meant to do that
Obama on Syria: I’m less concerned with style points than with getting the policy right
Obama on Syria: “I have not made a decision”
Obama on guns — too little, too late
Obama on health care: Do as I say, not as I did
Obama on his heels: How the president fell for the mandate myth
Obama on the minimum wage — then and now
Obama on unilateral action: Lawyers? I don’t need lawyers
Obama open to Landrieu’s “keep your plan” bill
Obama orders Pentagon to expand target list in Syria, add air assets to strike force
Obama orders US to draw up overseas target list for cyber-attacks
Obama pardons higher proportion of drug offenders than Bush, Clinton
Obama phones Morsi, urges him to hold talks
Obama phones Putin about Snowden’s request for asylum in Russia
Obama plays the race card
Obama pollster: Reporters should stop covering polls in 2014
Obama praises grassroots army for “doing God’s work”
Obama racing against time on the climate or something
Obama ran against cynicism — and then defined his presidency by it
Obama ready to be more aggressive in blaming Republicans for America’s problems
Obama ready to call for end to era of “austerity” or something
Obama ready to pivot to the economy again or something
Obama ready to “take credit” for economy or something
Obama refused to send gas masks to Syrian opposition for over a year
Obama rejects comparisons between Chinese cyber-spying and NSA programs
Obama remark is complicating military trials on sexual assault
Obama repeals ObamaCare
Obama reportedly told aides he’s “really good at killing people”
Obama responds to his gun-control defeat with self-righteous solipsism
Obama returns to Berlin: From “yes we can” to “yes we scan”
Obama rules out short-term debt ceiling hike in weekly address
Obama says climate change is make-or-break issue
Obama says he wouldn’t let son play pro football
Obama says he’s not worried about style. He should be.
Obama says marijuana “no more dangerous than alcohol”
Obama says no to immigration without a citizenship path
Obama says no to non-lethal assistance in Syria
Obama says odds of final Iran deal not “more than 50-50″
Obama says race may be affecting his job approval
Obama scoffs at people who call him a “socialist”: “You gotta meet real socialists”
Obama seeking fix for canceled policy holders
Obama seeks support from John McCain
Obama seeks to force U.S. businesses to pay more overtime to workers
Obama sees Beirut terrorist attack as common ground with Iran
Obama shifts focus from ObamaCare in bid for momentum
Obama should ask Congress to approve a red line for Iran
Obama should blame the tea party, not the NRA, for his gun-control defeat
Obama should govern in poetry or something
Obama should ignore the debt ceiling
Obama should just give in to Republicans
Obama should pardon Snowden
Obama should pivot to Dubya’s playbook
Obama should remember Rwanda as he weighs action in Syria
Obama should skip Moscow and the Sochi Olympics
Obama should start using the President’s Room in the Capitol
Obama shouldn’t sweat his lousy poll numbers
Obama signs debt-ceiling bill
Obama snatched defeat from the jaws of victory in Iraq
Obama sought to break the GOP’s “fever,” but did they break his?
Obama state university
Obama still doesn’t understand that he can’t dodge the Middle East
Obama strikes out in his remarks on race
Obama struggles to justify Syria attack to skeptical Americans, Congress
Obama supporter miffed at botched healthcare rollout
Obama suspends the law. What would Lincoln say?
Obama suspends the law
Obama talks himself into trouble with Syria
Obama taps former aides for NSA review panel
Obama tells Senate Democrats they need to be open to entitlement reform
Obama tells aides: Forget trying to win positive ObamaCare coverage from the national press
Obama the loner
Obama the oblivious
Obama thinks it’s chess, Putin thinks it’s poker
Obama threatens more executive action in new weekly address
Obama threatens veto of Upton bill
Obama threw some serious shade at Chris Matthews and everyone missed it
Obama to Congress: Finish the job on gun control
Obama to Dem donors: I’ll keep reaching out to Republicans, even if you think I’m a “sap”
Obama to Dems: Boehner will pass immigration reform in 2014
Obama to Dems: C’mon, we have to make some concessions
Obama to Dems: It’s time to worry
Obama to Hollywood: Stop glorifying guns
Obama to House GOP: I’m “doing you all a favor” by pushing in immigration reform
Obama to Iran: Just because we caved on Syria doesn’t mean we’ll cave on your nuke program
Obama to Senate Democrats: I’m no Dick Cheney on drones
Obama to Senate Dems: I won’t be offended if you want me to stay away from your reelection campaign
Obama to address nation on Syria on Tuesday night
Obama to advisors: There’s no excuse for Healthcare.gov not being ready on day one
Obama to announce Tuesday he will regulate existing power plants as part of climate strategy
Obama to appeal court ruling on his unconstitutional recess appointments
Obama to focus more on “opportunity,” less on “inequality,” in SOTU
Obama to give six television news interviews on Monday as Syria vote looms
Obama to go on post-shutdown fundraising blitz for Democrats
Obama to hit the trail to campaign for gun control — again
Obama to insurers: We can only bail you out from part of the cost of my cancellation “fix”
Obama to liberals: You’ll need to give a little to make this immigration bill happen
Obama to make first presidential trip to Israel this spring
Obama to make one last pitch for ObamaCare or something
Obama to meet Pope Francis in March at the Vatican
Obama to meet gay activists in Russia
Obama to meet with congressional leaders on immigration reform
Obama to new chief of staff: Stop biking to work
Obama to pivot back to economy for thousandth time
Obama to propose plan for delaying the sequester
Obama to push for immigration reform the “day after” a budget deal
Obama to rally his base with guns and gays
Obama to rally support for immigration reform as Senate weighs bill
Obama to speak at OFA dinner amid fundraising scrutiny
Obama to stop deporting illegal relatives of U.S. troops, veterans
Obama to “end the [NSA] telephone metadata program as it currently exists”
Obama totally has time to turn things around, guys
Obama tries to talk his way out of a summer swoon
Obama trying to lower supporters’ expectations on key issues
Obama turning to executive power to get what he wants
Obama turnout machine crashes in San Diego, loses mayor’s race by nine points
Obama urges House to pass immigration reform by August
Obama using a “hidden hand” approach in his second term
Obama veto threat sets up a showdown over Iran
Obama vows openness on drones — but will he follow through?
Obama vows to keep at gun control: “This is just the first round”
Obama vs. the Generals
Obama waives ban on arming terrorists to allow aid to Syrian opposition
Obama wants Assad to go, but not too soon
Obama weighing executive actions on housing, gays and other issues
Obama will be playing defense for the next three years
Obama will extend amnesty for young illegals, says top White House aide
Obama will have to poll better if Democrats want to retake the House in 2014
Obama will ignore E-Verify too
Obama will make a great ex-president
Obama will never end the war on terror
Obama won’t be the last wartime president to break the rules
Obama would be a fool to pursue immigration next
Obama “does not foresee” boots on the ground in Syria
Obama, Biden, top U.S. officials to stay away from Russia’s Olympics
Obama, Democrats still haunted by state losses to GOP in 2010
Obama, Dems split on short-term debt-ceiling hike
Obama, Feinstein ready for another gun-control fight or something
Obama, Netanyahu reach detente in time for Israel visit
Obama, Perez to speak at AFL-CIO convention
Obama, Snowden, and Putin
Obama, boxed in
Obama, drones, and the blissful ignorance of Americans
Obama, lawmakers discuss whether to end NSA collection of Americans’ phone records
Obama, own your secret wars
Obama, shamed into war?
Obama, the sequester, and the permanent campaign shimmy
Obama, too, learns the dangers of red lines in the Mideast
Obama: A new Neville Chamberlain?
Obama: I can tell who an immigrant is by “looking at faces”
Obama: I don’t foresee American boots on the ground in Syria
Obama: I quit smoking because “I’m scared of my wife”
Obama: I want to host SportsCenter’s top 10 list when I retire
Obama: If I could bypass Congress on immigration, “I would do so”
Obama: If I owned the Redskins, I’d think about changing the name
Obama: Income gap is fraying U.S. social fabric
Obama: I’ll veto Congress’s new sanctions on Iran during talks
Obama: I’m not a particularly ideological person
Obama: I’ve got one more campaign in me for ObamaCare
Obama: Law schools should offer a two-year degree
Obama: MLK “would like” ObamaCare
Obama: Marriage benefits should cross state lines
Obama: Realistically, I have a year to enact my second-term agenda
Obama: The Gang of Eight’s immigration bill would pass the House if it got a vote
Obama: The only thing standing in the way of immigration reform is John Boehner
Obama: There’s never been a drone attack on an American citizen — on American soil
Obama: There’s no reason we can’t have an immigration bill by the end of summer
Obama: These budget tactics are Republicans “last gasp” in getting rid of ObamaCare
Obama: The fall
Obama: This GOP debt-ceiling brinksmanship is an assault on our constitutional structure
Obama: U.S. won’t be able to defend Israel if peace talks fail
Obama: “I think we can get [the immigration bill] through the House”
ObamaCare 2016: The website problems were finally solved, but the doctor shortage wasn’t
ObamaCare D-Day becomes a “soft launch”
ObamaCare Medicaid expansion divides GOP governors
ObamaCare a mess? Go single-payer, say liberals
ObamaCare and my mother’s cancer medicine
ObamaCare and the NSA: Obama’s credibility is on the line
ObamaCare and the gender gap
ObamaCare and the middle class: Hard-working Americans might wonder, “Why bother?”
ObamaCare and the midterms: A looming disaster for Dems
ObamaCare and the part-time economy
ObamaCare and the shutdown: An alternative history of the last two months
ObamaCare and the “29ers”
ObamaCare architect: If you like your doctor, you can pay more
ObamaCare architect: This could be the beginning of a death spiral
ObamaCare architect: “Genetic lottery winners” have been paying an artificially low price
ObamaCare blame game as insurers dump docs
ObamaCare can save the GOP
ObamaCare can’t be the GOP’s 2014 silver bullet
ObamaCare can’t fail — because the White House won’t stop changing its definition of success
ObamaCare coverage begins, presenting new tests for law
ObamaCare crashes into RomneyCare
ObamaCare critics right, again
ObamaCare delay? What ObamaCare delay?
ObamaCare delays may create election bomb for Democrats
ObamaCare disaster recovery
ObamaCare discourages work — for better and worse
ObamaCare doc reveals “drop dead” date for back-end website fix
ObamaCare employer fine will swell despite delay
ObamaCare enrollment surges in some states after rocky rollout
ObamaCare enrollment target of seven million a tall order despite recent surge
ObamaCare escapes the chains of law
ObamaCare event in Virginia not so well attended
ObamaCare exchanges slow to attract the young and healthy
ObamaCare exchanges to have high out-of-pocket expenses too
ObamaCare exemptions for Congress — but not for you
ObamaCare failing to lower insurance prices for many rural areas
ObamaCare focus at White House meeting frustrates tech execs
ObamaCare forced my mom into Medicaid
ObamaCare for everything
ObamaCare for illegals
ObamaCare funding battle pits tea party against establishment Republicans
ObamaCare got me covered
ObamaCare has a lot in common with Chris Christie
ObamaCare has already been reformed
ObamaCare has time to fix exchanges — but not forever
ObamaCare initiates self-destruction sequence
ObamaCare is Obama’s Iraq war
ObamaCare is Obama’s Iraq
ObamaCare is Wayne’s World
ObamaCare is a 19th-century answer to a 21st-century question
ObamaCare is a blemish on American technology
ObamaCare is a job killer? Not at all!
ObamaCare is a prescription for a Democratic headache in 2014
ObamaCare is a question of morality
ObamaCare is coming, and so are the con artists
ObamaCare is failing because the product stinks
ObamaCare is for your grandma
ObamaCare is here to stay — as are the problems it was meant to address
ObamaCare is here to stay
ObamaCare is here. Get used to it.
ObamaCare is just another word for the laws we ignore together
ObamaCare is more political than you think
ObamaCare is no Starship Enterprise
ObamaCare is now beyond rescue
ObamaCare is the right’s worst nightmare
ObamaCare is the worst-case scenario
ObamaCare is turning us into a part-time nation. Fact.
ObamaCare isn’t Obama’s Katrina. It’s his Iran-contra.
ObamaCare isn’t forever, but what’s next is worse
ObamaCare laid bare
ObamaCare launch brings renewed concern over insurance tax
ObamaCare leaves doctors on the hook for deadbeats
ObamaCare may not broaden access to mental treatment
ObamaCare media fail: Did the president “work the refs”?
ObamaCare needs a drop-dead date
ObamaCare not playing a lead role in state campaigns
ObamaCare options for young people are grim
ObamaCare or the debt ceiling
ObamaCare outreach hits the clubs
ObamaCare questions nobody asked
ObamaCare rates trigger more sticker shock
ObamaCare saved my family from financial ruin
ObamaCare site hits reset button on passwords as contractors scramble
ObamaCare stats sure are hard to nail down
ObamaCare sticker shock may be here to stay
ObamaCare struggles to meet make-or-break deadline
ObamaCare supporters are feeling the fear
ObamaCare supporters launching PR push to highlight winners from the law
ObamaCare supporters worry: Maybe our messaging is too muddled
ObamaCare tax change will benefit union insurance plans
ObamaCare tech hurdle looms right before enrollment deadline
ObamaCare tradeoffs: Now they tell us
ObamaCare train wreck undermines amnesty push
ObamaCare uncertainty grips small businesses
ObamaCare update: Consumers see progress but insurers smell trouble
ObamaCare web brokers stuck waiting on standby thanks to Healthcare.gov’s failures
ObamaCare website being taken offline tonight for repairs
ObamaCare website could only handle 1,100 users day before launch, docs show
ObamaCare website disaster prompts increased interest in … paper applications
ObamaCare website glitches in digital insurance forms still not fully resolved
ObamaCare website is improving but likely to miss today’s deadline
ObamaCare will double my monthly premium!
ObamaCare will end up forcing doctors to take patients
ObamaCare will increase average individual premiums for men by 99%, for women by 62%
ObamaCare will question your sex life
ObamaCare will work if we just embrace it
ObamaCare wins? See if you think so in 2014
ObamaCare woes beg for repeal
ObamaCare won’t last forever
ObamaCare “bailout” for one insurer will cost up to $450 million in 2014
ObamaCare, where the liberal dream crashes and burns
ObamaCare: A new generational war
ObamaCare: Bungling the easy stuff
ObamaCare: Enrolling Democrats?
ObamaCare: Going, going, gone
ObamaCare: How business got its surprise win on the employer mandate
ObamaCare: One blow after another [link fixed]
ObamaCare: One punt after another
ObamaCare: So, what could go wrong next?
ObamaCare: The rhetoric vs. the reality
ObamaCare: The silence of the liberals
ObamaCare: You’re not insured until you pay
ObamaCare schadenfreuderama
ObamaCare survives
ObamaCare’s 12 false premises and broken promises
ObamaCare’s Medicaid expansion may lead to an increase in ER visits, study suggests
ObamaCare’s Vermont fail
ObamaCare’s Web site is really bad
ObamaCare’s architects reaping windfalls as Washington lobbyists
ObamaCare’s attack on the work ethic
ObamaCare’s big question: What’s it going to cost me?
ObamaCare’s coalition begins to fracture
ObamaCare’s dismal California numbers
ObamaCare’s failed rollout is a minor story
ObamaCare’s going to be awesome
ObamaCare’s going to reduce the deficit? Really?
ObamaCare’s hierarchy of privilege
ObamaCare’s huckster navigators
ObamaCare’s impact on the Virginia race
ObamaCare’s incompetence could lead to its failure
ObamaCare’s invitation to fraud
ObamaCare’s legitimacy problem
ObamaCare’s losers and why they matter
ObamaCare’s magic number: Seven million new enrollees by March
ObamaCare’s magical thinkers
ObamaCare’s mandate meltdown
ObamaCare’s never-ending fix-a-thon
ObamaCare’s new bros and hoes
ObamaCare’s new goal: Stay alive until 2015
ObamaCare’s next challenge: Getting young adults enrolled
ObamaCare’s next legal challenge
ObamaCare’s next problem: Doc shock
ObamaCare’s next hurdles
ObamaCare’s numbers racket: Millions of canceled plans are a rounding error
ObamaCare’s opponents know it’s the law. It’s Obama who acts like it isn’t.
ObamaCare’s problems could haunt Democrats for years
ObamaCare’s restaurant calorie-label mandate is a complete mess
ObamaCare’s rollout was doomed from the start
ObamaCare’s rude awakening for the young
ObamaCare’s running out of bullets
ObamaCare’s secret mandate exemption
ObamaCare’s secret success
ObamaCare’s serious complications
ObamaCare’s shifting deadlines worry credit agency
ObamaCare’s shifting expectations
ObamaCare’s slush fund fuels a broader lobbying controversy
ObamaCare’s small-business marketplace not attracting many small businesses
ObamaCare’s threat to liberalism
ObamaCare’s trap makes it harder to reach the middle class
ObamaCare’s troubles are only beginning
ObamaCare’s ugly authoritarian problem
ObamaCare’s uncertainty strikes Congress
ObamaCare’s unconstitutional origins
ObamaCare’s under-the-radar sales push
ObamaCare’s unsustainable revenue raisers
ObamaCare’s virtual fantasy couldn’t handle messy reality
ObamaCare’s website woes sort of undermine Obama’s vision of government, don’t they?
ObamaCare’s woes put GOP’s shutdown rationale in a new light
ObamaCare’s worst-case scenarios
ObamaCare’s “liar” subsidies
Obamacare hurts many but Congress gets reprieve
Obamacare installs new scrutiny, fines for charitable hospitals that treat uninsured people
Obamacare meltdown triggers congressional investigations
Obamacare website failures could spark lawsuits
Obamacare’s deficit reduction continues to unravel
Obamacare’s mandate is now whatever Obama — or any future president — says it is
Obamacare’s tariff on hiring American workers still plagues immigration bill
Obamas might stay in Washington after presidency ends
Obama’s ACA message evolves. Again.
Obama’s Bay of Pigs
Obama’s Dorothy doctrine: Declaring the war on terror over won’t make it so
Obama’s Egypt policy makes perfect sense
Obama’s Gettysburg bypass
Obama’s Israel trip is in jeopardy
Obama’s Justice Department overreaches
Obama’s Mideast policies are working
Obama’s NSA reforms won’t protect Americans’ privacy
Obama’s Orwellian doublespeak on the drone program
Obama’s Orwellian image control
Obama’s Pelosi II strategy
Obama’s Prozac presidency
Obama’s SOTU made clear that the world is no longer America’s problem
Obama’s SOTU to have “heavy economic focus”
Obama’s Syria gamble in Congress is even riskier than you think
Obama’s Syria plan faces a skeptical public
Obama’s Syria policy is stunningly chaotic
Obama’s Syria strategy is a brilliant mess
Obama’s Syria “red line” started as an off-the-cuff remark
Obama’s Syria dilemma
Obama’s Trayvon remarks stuck the right notes
Obama’s U-turn on democracy and human rights
Obama’s United Nations backdoor route to gun control
Obama’s aimless presidency is starting to alienate his supporters
Obama’s ambassador nominees are a disservice to diplomacy
Obama’s artful anguish on counterterrorism
Obama’s asteroid: The decline of NASA and the sense priorities of our government
Obama’s big economic speech probably isn’t going to change much, huh?
Obama’s birthday gift to his wife? Time off, alone
Obama’s blame-shifting strategy won’t work
Obama’s bloody recipe for more Benghazis
Obama’s brainy idea
Obama’s budget reserves $5.5 billion for ObamaCare “risk corridor” bailouts
Obama’s budget: The appearance of reform
Obama’s cabinet: The one place Americans can’t get laid off or fired
Obama’s call to include Islamist in new government all but ignored in Egypt
Obama’s campaign manager now a “senior strategic advisor” for Charlie Crist, of course
Obama’s campaign of pain
Obama’s campaign to brand the GOP
Obama’s catastrophic “victory”
Obama’s chief fundraiser attended White House meeting with Progress Kentucky leader
Obama’s cigarette tax up in smoke
Obama’s climate agenda may face setbacks in federal court
Obama’s colossal politics
Obama’s coming climate crackdown
Obama’s counsel was told of IRS investigation weeks ago
Obama’s coveniently forgotten how he voted on judges while in the Senate
Obama’s cowardice on pot
Obama’s creeping amnesty plan
Obama’s creeping authoritarianism
Obama’s crisis of competence
Obama’s crisis of credibility
Obama’s cynical war speech
Obama’s dangerous contempt for the rule of law
Obama’s dangerous passivity on Egypt and Syria on display
Obama’s dishonest presidency
Obama’s downfall by a complicit media
Obama’s drone attack on your due process
Obama’s drone war kills “others,” not just al Qaeda leaders
Obama’s economy hits his own supporters the hardest
Obama’s empty charm offensive
Obama’s executive power play is broader and deeper than you think
Obama’s extreme use of executive discretion
Obama’s failed Islamist outreach
Obama’s false hopes for 2014 — and his legacy
Obama’s false moustache fantasy
Obama’s five disconnects
Obama’s flailing approval ratings are hurting his party
Obama’s following Eisenhower’s lead on Russia
Obama’s following the trail that Nixon blazed
Obama’s foreign policy image takes hit with Egypt upheaval
Obama’s gay-rights hypocrisy
Obama’s global-warming folly
Obama’s goal: Avoid a “Mission Accomplished” moment on the website this weekend
Obama’s greatest accomplishment: The weakening of the presidency
Obama’s hands-off approach to extraditing Snowden draws criticism
Obama’s health care promise
Obama’s hope for the fall: Small-bore legislative items and lots of regulations
Obama’s hubris problem
Obama’s image machine: Monopolistic propaganda, funded by you
Obama’s immigration plan isn’t all that different from Rubio’s, is it?
Obama’s immigration plan would be dead on arrival in the Senate
Obama’s immigration strategy in limbo
Obama’s immigration non-enforcement
Obama’s inaction is enabling Putin’s grab for Ukraine
Obama’s increasingly imperial presidency
Obama’s incredible “referent power”
Obama’s insincere war
Obama’s job approval points to 2014 trouble for Democrats
Obama’s last campaign: Inside the White House plan to sell ObamaCare
Obama’s last campaign: The battle for the House in 2014
Obama’s last, best hope on Syria: Convince Congress that his presidency’s riding on it
Obama’s latest executive order: Defending against cyber attacks
Obama’s legacy on the line as ObamaCare implementation challenges mount
Obama’s legacy on the line with new NSA reforms
Obama’s legacy: A health-care law that hurts his party
Obama’s legacy: Government greed
Obama’s legacy: Obama power
Obama’s make-or-break week on guns
Obama’s making the case for conservatism better than Mitt Romney ever did
Obama’s melting wings
Obama’s message to troops: You deserve better than this congressional dysfunction
Obama’s message today in Boston: Hey, RomneyCare turned out okay, didn’t it?
Obama’s messianic foreign policy
Obama’s minimum wage increase is on shaky legal ground
Obama’s misguided war against school choice
Obama’s moment of truth on trade
Obama’s negative force field
Obama’s never-mind presidency
Obama’s new best friend in the Senate: John McCain
Obama’s new budget claims to cut entitlements, but Social Security would actually keep growing
Obama’s new budget has more taxes than he let on
Obama’s new contraception rule tries to fool Catholics
Obama’s new drone policy leaves room for CIA role
Obama’s new energy secretary: Climate change is not debatable
Obama’s new envoys to Egypt: John McCain and Lindsey Graham
Obama’s new favorite Republican: John McCain
Obama’s new security team has more loyalists — and is weaker for it
Obama’s new spin: ObamaCare will benefit America economically
Obama’s new strategy: Take no prisoners
Obama’s new “trust me” offensive
Obama’s newest ally: John McCain, of course
Obama’s next big campaign: Selling ObamaCare to the public (again)
Obama’s next big foreign policy crisis: Iraq?
Obama’s nine key blunders of the Syria debate — so far
Obama’s no-Congress strategy
Obama’s no-win decision on Snowden
Obama’s not Nixon, he’s Harding
Obama’s not to be trusted on foreign policy
Obama’s on a diplomatic roll or something
Obama’s on the path to success in Syria or something
Obama’s on the wrong side of history, and Rand Paul, on drone strikes
Obama’s one-sided “reset” with Russia
Obama’s only mistake on Ukraine was suggesting that there would be consequences
Obama’s outreach is nice, but where’s the leadership?
Obama’s outreach to the GOP: Why hasn’t it worked before?
Obama’s overhaul of spy programs cloaked in more secrecy, of course
Obama’s pivot to immigration after winning the budget battle is genius
Obama’s plan B for securing Assad’s chemical weapons
Obama’s plan for nuclear reductions is letting Moscow get away with murder
Obama’s plan to save the Senate or something
Obama’s playing a losing hand on the sequester
Obama’s plumbers: This time, a secretive president has gone too far
Obama’s poker problem: No fear from foreign leaders
Obama’s policy on Syria leaves analysts guessing
Obama’s polling weakness matters
Obama’s popularity slide has made his coalition dangerously shallower
Obama’s post-reelection honeymoon may be over
Obama’s priorities: Ideology over security
Obama’s provocative weakness
Obama’s puzzling Middle East policies
Obama’s real goal for NSA reforms: No more Snowdens
Obama’s reaping what he sowed on ObamaCare
Obama’s relationship with GOP congressional leaders at new low
Obama’s riddle: How to strike without sparking Syrian retaliation
Obama’s second term already looks like a failure
Obama’s second-term agenda, courting the twenty-somethings
Obama’s second-term trainwreck may be only beginning
Obama’s sequester strategy: Divide and conquer
Obama’s sequestration strategy carries political risks
Obama’s sequestration strategy: Shame
Obama’s shutdown confession: He’s punishing the public to score political points
Obama’s slow learning curve
Obama’s speech: The first shot in great budget battle of 2013
Obama’s speeches all kinda sorta sound the same, huh?
Obama’s staggering incompetence
Obama’s state of disunion
Obama’s stealth war on global warming
Obama’s still wrong about Egypt — and about the world
Obama’s stunning snub of the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg Address
Obama’s successful foreign failure
Obama’s support for Syria’s rebels is too little, too late
Obama’s surveillance state
Obama’s tapped-out trust
Obama’s tardy epiphany about government’s flaws
Obama’s tax rate: 18.4%
Obama’s terrible, awful, horrible year at the Supreme Court
Obama’s terrible year
Obama’s the closest thing to Nixon we’ve seen in 40 years
Obama’s third war
Obama’s timidity on Syria: Lessons from a fiasco
Obama’s top economic adviser tells Democrats they’ll have to accept entitlement cuts
Obama’s toughest Syria hurdle: The calendar
Obama’s toughest Ukraine task: A united front
Obama’s toughness is paying off in Iran and Syria
Obama’s trash talkers
Obama’s trust-in-government deficit
Obama’s turn in Bush’s counterterror bind
Obama’s turn inward poses risk for U.S. interests abroad
Obama’s unconstitutional steps are worse than Nixon’s
Obama’s unlikeliest challenge: Young people
Obama’s unserious foreign policy and America’s permanent war footing
Obama’s use of executive power faces reckoning at Supreme Court
Obama’s waging war for peace or something
Obama’s war strategy requires a security state — and he knows it
Obama’s weak defense of ObamaCare
Obama’s weekly address: C’mon, let’s end the gridlock
Obama’s weekly address: Second look at immigration reform?
Obama’s weekly address: Time to pass common-sense immigration reform
Obama’s weekly address: We can’t turn a blind eye to Syria
Obama’s weekly message: Republicans to blame for blah blah blah
Obama’s welcome plot twist: Edward Snowden
Obama’s white paper on drones is dangerously misguided
Obama’s winging it in Egypt
Obama’s wise kill-don’t-capture rule
Obama’s year of missteps
Obama’s “Give America a Raise” battle cry is misleading and disturbing
Obama’s “I’m not Bush” foreign policy
Obama’s “Matrix”: A world of deniability
Obama’s “Tonight Show” chat was a new low for mainstream media
Obama’s “apology”: Is this the best he’s got?
Obama’s “five percent” con job
Obama’s “fluid” grasp on power: Sometimes aggressive, sometimes completely disengaged
Obama’s “grand bargain” with Obama
Obama’s “noble lie” and liberalism’s paternalistic dishonesty
Obama’s “selfie presidency”
Obama’s “ugly American” dilemma
Obama’s pseudo-scientism
Obese women get only one hour of exercise in a whole year
Obesity researchers outraged by inconvenient truth about weight and mortality
Obstructionism versus ObamaCare
Occupy the Vatican? A progressive pope? Not really
Occupy the multiplex: Class warfare in this summer’s movies
Oddly enough, members of Congress less willing to hold town-hall meetings than they used to be
Of Jane Fonda and Pope Francis
Of course Anthony Weiner wants to run for mayor. What private firm would hire him?
Of course Hillary’s running
Of course he should be impeached
Of course presidents lie
Of course the law should tolerate plural marriages
Of course: McCain hires controversial Syria analyst Elizabeth O’Bagy
Of course: Washington, D.C. leads nation in payroll to population
Of lunatics and asylums: Boudin at Columbia
Office at center of IRS scandal rankled other groups with “aggressive tactics”
Official: North Korea upgrading rocket launch site
Official: We knew Benghazi was a terrorist attack “from the get-go”
Officials alert foreign services that Snowden has documents on their cooperation with U.S.
Officials in Iran capital remove some anti-American posters
Officials increasingly worried about extremist element among Syrian rebels
Officials looking at rebuilding parts of HealthCare.Gov
Officials say U.S. may never know the extent of Snowden’s leaks
Officials still don’t know what caused Texas fertilizer explosion
Officials: Al Qaeda plots comeback in Afghanistan after U.S. withdraws
Officials: Chinese hackers who breached Google accessed sensitive data on U.S. surveillance targets
Officials: Dozens in U.S. under surveillance as potential terror threats
Officials: Iran, Hezbollah building militia networks in Syria in case Assad falls
Officials: Man who knew Boston bomber was unarmed when shot by FBI
Officials: NSA delayed anti-leak software at base where Snowden worked
Officials: NSA mistakenly intercepted emails, phone calls of innocent Americans
Officials: NSA programs broke plots in 20 nations
Officials: NSA’s Snowden review focuses on possible access to China espionage files
Officials: Obama learned of U.S. spying on foreign leaders this summer
Officials: Tamerlan Tsarnaev’s name was in federal database
Officials: Tsarnaevs likely planned more attacks, probably acted alone
Officials: U.S. hacked, disrupted Al Qaeda’s online magazine
Oh my: Huckabee open to running in 2016
Oh my: White House furious with Debbie Wasserman-Schultz for using DNC to fund her own ambitions
Oh, by the way: ObamaCare coverage may be unaffordable for low-wage workers
Oh, by the way: The feds are collecting information from your regular paper mail too
Oh, go ahead, destroy Marco Rubio
Oh, look: There aren’t enough California doctors to service Obamacare
Oh, terrorists, we’re so sorry
Ohio and Florida: Where ObamaCare premiums will soar
Ohio’s ban on gay marriage ruled unconstitutional in limited case
Oil slicks found in hunt for missing Malaysian jet
Okay, you’re a runner. Get over it.
Oklahoma bill would ease school policies on imaginary, toy guns
Oklahoma tornado hero teacher: “Take me instead”
Olbermann to return to ESPN: “I won’t miss politics”
Olby’s back — sort of
Old and busted: Studying for better grades. New hotness: Suing for better grades.
Old professors never quit, they just hang around
Oliver Stone: Romancing Chavez
Olympic goalie forced to remove Constitution from custom-made mask
Olympic medal? Well done. Now pay your taxes.
Olympus has fallen
On Capitol Hill, the ObamaCare fight is no longer about ObamaCare
On Christie’s to-do list as new RGA chief: Helping Lindsey Graham win reelection
On Iran, Netanyahu can only fume
On Keystone pipeline, Obama “headed toward yes”
On Labor Day 2013, welfare pays more than minimum wage in 35 states
On PRISM, partisanship, and propaganda
On Rubio, it’s Bloomberg vs. Bloomberg
On Snowden’s trip, no good options for Obama
On Syria, House GOP won’t follow their leaders
On Syria, Obama is more like Woodrow Wilson than G.W. Bush
On Syria, a weak strike is better than none
On Syria, the people have spoken
On college campuses, a presumption of guilt
On college campuses, sentence first — verdict afterward
On drones, Obama bows to the Islamic street
On drones, contra Krauthammer
On drones, it’s Paul versus the polls
On drug policy, Rand Paul is no libertarian
On eve of CPAC, Romney huddled with Christie
On food stamps, the GOP is taking principle to an extreme
On foreign policy, hawks blame America first
On health care, all that matters to Obama is planting the first stake
On ice: 100 year-old negatives discovered in Antarctic
On immigration reform, the GOP must steer clear of legalization without citizenship
On immigration, House GOP leaning toward piecemeal approach
On immigration, House Republicans could learn a thing or two from “Angry Birds”
On immigration, Rubio defends “legalization first”
On immigration, Rubio has lots of communicating to do
On immigration, the Gang of Eight security promise that wasn’t
On immigration, what do GOP House leaders mean by “enforcement triggers”?
On immigration, #DontStandWithRand
On marijuana, get ahead of the inevitable
On punctuality: Wasting someone’s time is a great sin
On second thought, Mitt Romney was totally right about Russia
On second thought, maybe Snowden isn’t a traitor
On second thought, maybe that Israeli apology to Turkey was a good idea
On second thought: Obama to give white paper on targeted killings to Congress
On several key issues, it wasn’t such a bad year for conservatives after all
On the Hill, an exodus of defense champions from Congress
On the front lines of battlefield triage in Boston
Once a president loses his credibility, it’s hard to get it back
Once again, the NRA is winning the gun-control debate
Once-skeptical Huntsman not closing door on repeat presidential bid
One in 25 Americans was arrested in 2011
One man’s ObamaCare nightmare
One man’s Obamawreck nightmare
One man’s plan to live on an iceberg until it melts
One more metaphor for the Gang of Eight
One more reason to pay college athletes
One offensive comment is unlikely to derail Don Young
One phone call from Tsarnaev’s friends could have saved Sean Collier’s life
One roof, many generations: Redefining the single-family home
One step closer to guilt-free chocolate
One thousand prank phone calls a day
One way to kill amnesty: Have Rubio run for president
One word John Boehner and Nancy Pelosi won’t utter
One, maybe two, cheers for Glenn Greenwald
One-month countdown until ObamaCare’s grand opening
Online college courses aren’t living up to the hype
Online comment sections are ruining news stories
Only Obama can fix his broken foreign policy
Only Republicans can prevent a conservative renaissance
Only one “state” managed a positive score in Gallup’s economic confidence index last year. Guess which.
Only pure partisanship can save Obama on Syria now
Oops
Oops: Chinese hackers revealed their identities — by logging into Facebook
Oops?
Operation Smear Benghazi Whistleblowers
Opponents of gay marriage take bad-for-children studies to court
Opponents of immigration reform lack strategy
Opponents, donors frozen while Hillary mulls whether to run
Opposing Hagel was a matter of principle
Opposition strategy emerges: Hold Gang of Eight to its own words
Oprah, Obama, and the racism dodge
Opt-in to having kids
Optimism versus pessimism on immigration
Opting-out of ObamaCare through medical-sharing ministries
Oregon ObamaCare exchange: If you don’t hear from us by Monday, seek coverage elsewhere
Oregon finds baker violated gay couple’s rights by refusing to make them a wedding cake
Oregon healthcare exchange website never worked, has no subscribers
Oregon’s Obamacare sign-up is an “epic failure”
Original tea partiers returning to the GOP fold
Osama bin Laden was stopped for speeding while on the run in Pakistan
Other agencies clamor for data compiled by NSA
Other nations offer a lesson to Egypt’s military leaders
Other networks already wooing “Duck Dynasty”
Other people’s views
Our NSA spying has alienated all of Europe
Our Nixonian press
Our Scandinavian president
Our adolescent media
Our ceaseless political circus
Our decadent elites
Our democracy is at stake
Our disappearing president
Our election campaigns should be more like Germany’s
Our enemies get a vote too on whether the war on terror is over
Our final invention: How the human race goes and gets itself killed
Our finest minds argue over … nothing
Our future will be Hunger Games USA
Our hotter, wetter, more violent future
Our idiot Big Brother
Our incorrigible media
Our insincere, pointless cult of apology
Our lame-duck president sure looks lame lately
Our masters, the bureaucrats
Our peevish president
Our person of the year: Pope Francis
Our policy toward North Korea isn’t working
Our political system is sick
Our privatized national security state
Our public masters: The permanent political class
Our selfish “public servants”
Our stupid abortion debate: Wendy Davis, hero or Gosnell fan?
Our truest lies
Our “let me be clear” president
Out of Siberian ice, a virus revived
Out of ideas, House GOP considers Hail Mary
Out of ammo
Out: 3-D printing. In: 4-D printing?
Out: Aliens. In: Robot aliens?
Out: Beer pong. In: Alcohockey!
Out: Beer. In: Beer concentrate!
Out: Botox. In: Brotox?
Out: Chairs. In: “Walking meetings”
Out: Dinner parties. In: “Death dinners.”
Out: Donuts. In: “Cronuts”?
Out: Golf carts. In: Golf hovercraft?
Out: IRAs. In: MyRAs?
Out: JournoList. In: JournoPhish?
Out: Love and marriage. In: “Co-parenting”?
Out: Pet dogs. In: Pet drones?
Out: Scalpels. In: The iKnife
Out: Solar power. In: Poo power?
Out: Super Bowl. In: “Fish Bowl”?
Out: Team of rivals. In: Obama’s guys.
Out: “Cronuts.” In: “Doughscuits”?
Outrage after teacher assigns Nazi propaganda essay on why Jews were evil
Outrage porn: How the need for “perpetual indignation” manufactures phony offense
Over 150 conservative leaders, groups sign letter opposing Gang of Eight bill
Over 50% of electric cars sold in U.S. are in five cities
Over objections from a vocal few, GOP sells conservative message in Spanish
Over-the-counter sales of Plan B put teens at risk
Overlooked in yesterday’s CBO report: The outlook on the national debt is bleak
Overrating Bloomberg’s big gun-control “victory” in IL-2
Oversight inching closer to asking for Hillary Clinton’s testimony on Benghazi
Oversight of abortion clinics is nearly nonexistent
Overthrowing Saddam was the right move
O’Malley prepares for 2016 in Clinton’s shadow
O’Reilly: Megyn Kelly’s right, Santa is white
PRISM really is just the tip of the iceberg
PSA of the day
Paging President Obama: Bull Connor was not a libertarian
Pain in the Assad: The case for a military strike in Syria
Painting Wendy Davis as a bad mother is political sexism at its worst
Pajama Boy is Julia’s little brother
Pajama Boy nation
Pakistan Taliban set up camps in Syria, join anti-Assad war
Pakistan releases Taliban’s number two, possibly with an eye to peace talks
Pakistan’s persecuted Christians
Paleocons for Putin
Palin at Liberty University: Angry atheists are trying to abort Christ from Christmas
Palin for Senate? Don’t bet on it
Palin is right: Fox News should name the Republicans who are pushing oppo research on Ted Cruz
Palin knew a death panel when she saw one
Palin on Christie versus Paul: I’m on Team Rand
Palin rips “GOP high-roller machine”: “Their money can’t buy elections anymore”
Palin should start a “Freedom Party”
Palin turned down “View” gig before hosts defended attack on Trig
Palin: I was banned from talking about Wright and Ayers in 2008
Palin: It’s time for Congress to go on “Cruz control”
Palin: Rubio and Ayotte should be primaried over the Gang of Eight bill
Pandering to millennials will ruin the GOP
Panel of former senior officials: Obama shouls rethink sanctions on Iran
Panetta on U.S. response to Benghazi attack: “This is not 911″
Panetta: Actually, enhanced interrogation did help us get Bin Laden
Panetta: Obama may have to accept changes to ObamaCare if site isn’t fixed fast
Panicky Senate Democrats beg White House to fix ObamaCare website
Panopticon at Fort Meade
Pants on fire: PolitiFact tries to hide that it called Obama’s health-care lie “true” in 2008
Papa John Boehner delivers
Paper: Israeli defense minister says Kerry is messianic, obsessive
Paramount is not OK with an “It’s a Wonderful Life” sequel
Paranoia strikes deep: The press and Rand Paul
Pardon these turkeys
Parental pity party
Parents of China’s “toilet-pipe baby” feel the wrath of country’s netizens
Paris museum opens exhibit of Palestinian “martyrs”
Paris police search for “bearded man seen praying” before soldier was attacked with knife
Park Service knew WWII veterans would be locked out during the shutdown
Park Service paramilitaries
Partisan fever in the Senate now likely to rise even further
Partisanship: It’s all ESPN’s fault
Party, heal thyself
Pass the immigration bill!
Passing the immigration bill has nothing to do with immigration
Pastor calls for million-man porn boycott
Pastor: Phil Robertson was praying for cancer victim when A&E suspended him
Pastry gun case: Request to clear second-grader’s school record turned down
Pat Caddell: Beware of “racketeering” GOP consultants
Pat Leahy: Mike Bloomberg’s gun ads didn’t help a bit
Pat Roberts: Kathleen Sebelius should resign
Pat Toomey, Joe Manchin close to deal on background-checks bill
Pathological altruism
Patience runs thin as Syrian chemical handover stalls
Patients cram in tests before ObamaCare coverage kicks in on January 1
Patients’ costs skyrocket as specialists’ incomes soar
Patrick Kennedy to Obama: Pot has gotten more dangerous since you were a kid
Paul Krugman and the “sneer gap”
Paul Krugman doesn’t get the true depth of conservative villainy
Paul Krugman is against reality
Paul Krugman, the “mean girl” of economics
Paul Krugman’s nasty, inane attack on “libertarian populism”
Paul Ryan and the GOP must own the cuts to veterans’ benefits
Paul Ryan changing course on the DREAM Act?
Paul Ryan defends reduction to cost-of-living adjustments for early military retirees
Paul Ryan doesn’t want to be House speaker
Paul Ryan endorses immigration bill after Labrador walks away
Paul Ryan finds God
Paul Ryan on Boehner’s tea-party criticism: “[K]eep those conversations within the family”
Paul Ryan says he supports the “concept” of an Internet sales tax
Paul Ryan signals new fight on debt limit
Paul Ryan sits out conservative machismo arms race
Paul Ryan sounding more likely to run for president in 2016
Paul Ryan to Marco Rubio: How about you read the budget bill before criticizing it?
Paul Ryan wants House tax-writing gavel in 2015
Paul Ryan working behind the scenes to push comprehensive immigration reform
Paul Ryan: A shutdown’s not the best way to repeal ObamaCare
Paul Ryan: Boehner “got his Irish up” over the tea party
Paul Ryan: CR fight will “roll into” debt-ceiling fight next month
Paul Ryan: Don’t mess with state’s electoral set-up
Paul Ryan: We have the votes for the budget deal
Paul Ryan: We’re not going to roll over and let Senate Republicans jam us on this negotiation
Paul Ryan: “I will debate anybody” who says the immigration bill is “amnesty”
Paul Ryan’s disappearing act
Paul Ryan’s military pay gambit backfires
Paul Ryan’s new path to power
Paul defends himself on drone backlash
Paul on Cruz: “I’m not real excited about him mischaracterizing my views”
Paul, Lee, and Cruz: Three new defenders of the Constitution in the Senate
Paying kidney donors is cost-effective, researchers say
Peddling tolerance
Peeping Barry
Pelosi booed, heckled at grassroots liberal conference
Pelosi calls on Filner to quit
Pelosi: Congressional pay cut undermines dignity of the job
Pelosi: Dems may try to force House vote on Senate immigration bill
Pelosi: Immigration reform could pass by August
Pelosi: It’d be a good idea if the Redskins changed their name
Pelosi: Let’s celebrate ObamaCare on July 4th
Pelosi: Obama is “very bipartisan” or something
Pelosi: ObamaCare “largely responsible” for bringing down deficit
Pelosi: There may be “weeks of debate” on Syria
Pelosi: These House Republicans are “legislative arsonists”
Pelosi: We can’t get Republicans to sign our discharge petition on amnesty
Pelosi: We don’t have a spending problem, we have a budget deficit problem
Pelosi: We must pass gun control because we swore an oath to uphold the Constitution
Pelosi’s dilemma: How to reach a Democratic consensus on entitlements?
Pelosi’s office clarifies her position on speakership
Penny Lane: The secret Gitmo facility at which the CIA flipped Al Qaeda agents
Pentagon aiming to make cyberwar as easy as “Angry Birds”
Pentagon conducting urgent assessment of North Korean mobile ICBM threat
Pentagon considering $150 million overhaul of Gitmo
Pentagon cuts all military ties with Russia
Pentagon fears Snowden will pass electronic intelligence to Chinese
Pentagon finalizing plan to bring back furloughed civilian workers
Pentagon investigating Bin Laden shooter to see if he revealed classified info to magazine
Pentagon investigations point to military system that promotes abusive leaders
Pentagon report: North Korea can reach U.S. with nuclear missile
Pentagon report: Sexism part of military academies’ culture
Pentagon says Navy Yard shooter lied in screening
Pentagon scientists want a tattoo that tracks troops’ vitals
Pentagon seeking rules of engagement for cyberwar
Pentagon studies Putin body language for hint of intent
Pentagon warns North Korea could become hacker haven
Pentagon won’t give Purple Hearts to survivors of Fort Hood attack
Pentagon-sponsored study: Taliban insurgency to increase after U.S. troop drawdown
Pentagon: Congressman’s claim that NorKs have nuclear missiles is “inaccurate”
Pentagon: The Snowden leaks could cost the military billions
Pentagon’s annual report shows an alarming rise in sexual assaults
Perform criminal background checks at your peril
Perry on 2016 run: “That’s an option”
Perry: ObamaCare defunding effort is “a bit nonsensical”
Perry 2016?
Persian Gulf officials, tired of waiting for U.S., move to boost aid to Syrian rebels
Personal score-settling is the new climate agenda
Pete Seeger’s totalitarian trifecta
Peter King on Cruz: “It is just a form of governmental terrorism”
Peter King pretty upset that Rubio has the “balls” to fundraise in New York
Peter King slams Rand Paul for “grab bag of distortion” on NSA
Peter King: Because of Ted Cruz, I won’t vote for another ObamaCare amendment
Peter King: Hillary would destroy Rand Paul or Ted Cruz
Peter King: NSA should monitor Congress too in case members are talking to Al Qaeda
Peter King: No, really, I’m serious about maybe running for president
Peter King: Obama’s too apologetic about the NSA
Peter King: Rand Paul disgraced his office
Peter King: Rand Paul is the George McGovern of the GOP
Peter King: Yes, I’m running for president
Peter King’s newest fan: George Clooney
Peters: “Most phenomenally stupid misuse of our military I’ve ever seen”
Petraeus objected to rewritten Benghazi talking points
Petraeus’s role in drafting Benghazi talking points raises questions
Pew poll finds Obama weathering scandal storm
Pew: Almost 80% of Egyptians favor religious freedom — and sharia law
Pharmaceutical companies focusing elsewhere as fears of superbugs grow
Phil Robertson breaks silence: “I will not give or back off from my path”
Phil Robertson of “Duck Dynasty” suspended indefinitely after remarks about gays
Phil Robertson, diversity, and offensitivity
Philip Seymour Hoffman’s heroin problem does not constitute a crisis
Philly’s health plan will soon cover “gender confirmation surgery”
Phobias may be memories passed down in genes from ancestors
Photo of the day: A toast between Rubio and Netanyahu
Photo of the day: America’s chief western ally in Syria
Photo of the day: Gigantic protests against Morsi in Cairo
Photo of the day: The man in the boat
Photo of the day: Pandamonium
Photo of the day
Photo: How different emotions cause different physical symptoms
Photo: Missed it by that much
Photo: The most extraordinary human brain ever?
Photo: What was John Kerry doing today?
Photo: When Kerry met “Hitler”
Photos show: Fugitive AQ capo Abu Anas al-Libi wasn’t lying low in Libya
Photos: Insane tourists blatantly defying the U.S. government’s demands
Photos: Scenes from a North Korean indoctrination ceremony
Photos: Scenes from a massacre in a Nairobi mall
Photos: Syrian rebels behead Assad supporter
Photos: The Tsarnaev brothers’ shootout with police
Photos: The bombers’ apartment
Photos: The destruction of Homs
Photos: The magnet man
Photos: Two U.S. sailors from Civil War’s ironclad Monitor laid to rest at Arlington
Photos: What’s Joe thinking?
Photos: “Overpasses for Obama’s Impeachment”
Pick one: Marriage culture or government culture
Pickering, Mullen challenge Issa to let them testify in public
Pickup opportunity: Dem Senator Tim Johnson reportedly to retire
Piece of landing gear from 9/11 plane found near Ground Zero
Piers Morgan didn’t really want to do his show anymore anyways, he says
Piers Morgan lost his show because he was rude
Piers Morgan to lose 9 p.m. time slot to new CNN host?
Piers Morgan: A psychiatric assessment
Piers Morgan: How can the Ravens be “world champions” if they only play U.S. teams?
Piers Morgan: I don’t buy the Pope’s reasons for resigning
Piers Morgan: I don’t want all American women armed with guns
Pigford forever
Pill available in Mexico is a Texas option for abortion
Pink line over Damascus
Pistol permit applications in Newtown soar after Sandy Hook shooting
Pizza delivery by drone: What could go wrong?
Plan B for ObamaCare
Plan B: House GOP may attach one-year delay of ObamaCare’s individual mandate to new CR
Plan to divide California into six states advances
Planned Parenthood CEO lied about having no knowledge of Gosnell horrors
Planned Parenthood clinic in Delaware closed, investigated for botched abortions
Planned Parenthood reveals their 2014 game plan
Planned Parenthood to close three Texas clinics as new abortion regs take effect
Planned Parenthood “navigators” will have access to Americans’ personal, medical, tax information
Plastic bag ban leads to nationwide increase in shoplifting rates
Plausible or propaganda: The “high-capacity magazines” argument
Playing politics with veterans: Obama’s monumental mistake
Please don’t embarrass us again, Mark Sanford
Please don’t secede, Texas — we need you
Please pray for me. I’m losing my insurance.
Please, Mr. President, for the good of the country, let’s delay ObamaCare
Please, stop whining about the Yankees
Plenty of browsers at ObamaCare exchange websites — but HHS won’t say how many buyers
Plutocrats vs. populists
Polar freeze: It’s weather, not climate
Police chief killed with rifle lost in ATF gun-tracking program
Police sources: Tsarnaev’s friend admitted that the two committed a triple murder in Boston in 2011
PolitiFact’s forked tongue
Political Islam fails Egypt’s test
Political independents are (mostly) a figment of your imagination
Political malpractice of the highest order
Political reality for Boehner: He can’t cave on the sequester
Political reporters have a fee-vah and the only prescription is more Donald Trump
Political science suggests Syria’s civil war will last another decade
Political speech victory: A judge blocks subpoenas against conservative allies of Scott Walker
Political stars may be aligning for Christie
Political, economic power growing ever more concentrated under Obama
Politicians and gay marriage: Profiles in calculation
Politico represents everything that’s wrong with D.C.
Politico surprised that Obama’s gotten relatively few questions about Healthcare.gov disaster
Politico: Obama is a “pathological rationalist”
Politics as heresy: Why the Kochs can’t buy the LA Times
Politics, by the numbers
Poll analysis: Obama has lost his edge over the GOP on the economy
Poll analysis: The Republican Party = the tea party, basically
Poll finds Republicans resistant to Chris Christie presidential candidacy
Poll of conservative bloggers: Nearly 95% oppose Gang of Eight bill
Poll of “insiders”: GOP will back Christie on national security, not Paul
Poll shows major shift in identity of U.S. Jews
Poll: 11% think people who want to secure the border are racist
Poll: 19% believe the era of big government is over
Poll: 19% support Florida boycott over Zimmerman verdict
Poll: 23% believe it’s too hard to get an abortion in America
Poll: 30% view UN as U.S. ally
Poll: 31% think Internet has had bad influence on American politics
Poll: 31% would blame Obama if sequester takes effect, 49% would blame GOP
Poll: 33% say media should withhold names, photos of violent criminals
Poll: 35% think Obama’s too confrontational
Poll: 38% in U.S. have tried marijuana, little changed since 1980s
Poll: 38% of likely voters favor single-payer health care, 46% oppose
Poll: 40% think Healthcare.gov rollout has gone poorly, 7% think it’s gone “very well”
Poll: 41% of small businesses have frozen hiring because of ObamaCare
Poll: 45% think children of illegal immigrants should be able to attend public school
Poll: 46% say NRA reflects their view on guns, 43% say Obama does
Poll: 47% don’t believe Obama’s telling the whole truth about the IRS scandal
Poll: 47% think a random group of people could do a better job than Congress
Poll: 49 percent fault Obama on foreign policy
Poll: 49% want legalization while border is being improved, 43% want it only after improvements
Poll: 50 percent oppose military action against Syria
Poll: 50% of Americans say Bush is more responsible for current economic problems than Obama
Poll: 50% of millennials are independents, much higher than any other age group
Poll: 51% now consider immigration very important to their next vote
Poll: 52% think media reacts more quickly to things that affect them
Poll: 53% support “Stand Your Ground” laws
Poll: 53% view marriage as a religious institution
Poll: 55 percent of Americans don’t know Planned Parenthood performs abortions
Poll: 55% of Americans now back gay marriage
Poll: 55% say U.S. should aid South Korea if attacked, 34% say it shouldn’t
Poll: 56% think 16 is too young to drive
Poll: 56% think Constitution, not state laws, should decide legality of gay marriage
Poll: 57% oppose bailing out Detroit
Poll: 57% support path to citizenship for illegals but 60% of Republicans oppose
Poll: 57% think U.S. should continue building fence along Mexican border
Poll: 58% now say they trust the GOP more on health care
Poll: 59 percent support drafting women for combat
Poll: 59% approve of sanctions against Russia
Poll: 59% oppose attack on Syria
Poll: 59% oppose government’s secret collecting of phone records
Poll: 60 percent of likely voters in states that don’t allow gay marriage want to keep it that way
Poll: 60% of Hispanics want “enforcement first” approach to immigration reform
Poll: 61 percent think Obama should have been more involved during Benghazi attack
Poll: 61% broadly support idea of sequester cuts — but not to defense
Poll: 61% of Californians now back gay marriage
Poll: 61% who watched Obama’s Syria speech agreed with his policy
Poll: 63% support citizenship for illegals if they meet certain requirements
Poll: 65% now dissatisfied with how U.S. system of government works
Poll: 65% say background checks bill should have passed the Senate
Poll: 67% dissatisfied with income, wealth distribution
Poll: 70 percent want death penalty for Tsarnaev
Poll: 70% of Israelis don’t trust that U.S.-brokered peace agreement will be fair
Poll: 71% believe Obama knew premiums would increase for some Americans
Poll: 71% of Israelis think Netanyahu shouldn’t have apologized to Turkey over Gaza flotilla raid
Poll: 71% say signers of Declaration of Independence would be disappointed in America
Poll: 71% support raising minimum wage, including 52% of Republicans
Poll: 71% support raising minimum wage
Poll: 79 percent think the Redskins should keep their name
Poll: 87 percent of Americans think it’s wrong to cheat on your taxes
Poll: 91% support mandatory background checks for gun-show sales
Poll: A majority of Crimeans are against union with Russia
Poll: A third of Americans say they like doing their taxes
Poll: Across every demographic, Americans widely oppose Syria intervention
Poll: Affirmative action support at historic low
Poll: Afghanistan war arguably most unpopular in U.S. history
Poll: Almost three-quarters of the uninsured don’t know that ObamaCare exchanges open this week
Poll: American public increasingly sympathetic to Israel
Poll: Americans abandoning Facebook in droves
Poll: Americans are pretty much fine with drone hits on foreigners
Poll: Americans are skeptical of involvement in conflicts
Poll: Americans back Iran deal by a 2-to-1 margin
Poll: Americans broadly doubt that ObamaCare will help them
Poll: Americans disapprove of government surveillance programs
Poll: Americans don’t really care what scientists think about global warming
Poll: Americans doubt Rubio’s immigration plan can work
Poll: Americans fault mental health system most for gun violence
Poll: Americans favor giving illegals a chance to stay
Poll: Americans favor limiting sale of unhealthy foods in school
Poll: Americans have little faith in government
Poll: Americans misjudge abortion views
Poll: Americans more pro-immigration than in the past
Poll: Americans not convined Syria will give up chemical weapons
Poll: Americans not too big on love connections across the aisle
Poll: Americans oppose intervention in Syria
Poll: Americans overwhelmingly oppose military intervention in Syria
Poll: Americans reject size limit on soft drinks in restaurants
Poll: Americans reject world police role, fear being drawn into war
Poll: Americans remain divided on military spending
Poll: Americans say cost is top health problem
Poll: Americans say two-to-one that Putin is more effective than Obama on Syria
Poll: Americans see current shutdown as more serious than 1995
Poll: Americans split evenly on marijuana legalization
Poll: Americans support Keystone pipeline by wide margin
Poll: Americans think ObamaCare will help the poor, not the entire country
Poll: Americans think the GOP’s top priority is troublemaking
Poll: Americans turn on Obama over foreign policy
Poll: Americans want money spent on disaster relief — costs be damned
Poll: Americans want nothing to do with Egypt
Poll: Americans’ abortion views steady amid Gosnell trial
Poll: Americans’ approval of Supreme Court near all-time low
Poll: Americans’ attention to IRS, Benghazi scandals below average
Poll: Americans’ belief that government has too much power reaches record level
Poll: Americans’ concerns about global warming are rising
Poll: Americans’ confidence in Congress falls to lowest on record
Poll: Americans’ confidence in newspapers continues to erode
Poll: Americans’ desire for leaders to compromise increases
Poll: Americans’ views of Russia, Putin are worst in years
Poll: Amid website glitches, views of ObamaCare remain steady
Poll: Anger at government most pronounced among conservative Republicans
Poll: Approval of ObamaCare inches up
Poll: Are ObamaCare’s flaws fixable?
Poll: Asian-Americans solidly Democratic across all age groups
Poll: Belief in JFK conspiracy slipping slightly
Poll: Benghazi investigation doesn’t reignite broad public interest
Poll: Big majority of Latinos favor tougher gun laws
Poll: Bob Menendez’s approval rating rebounds slightly
Poll: Boehner’s favorability returns to pre-shutdown levels
Poll: Both U.S.-born Hispanics and immigrants tilt Democratic
Poll: Broad support for renewed background checks bill but skepticism about its chances
Poll: Bush’s approval back up to 47% as presidential library opens
Poll: Christie the early frontrunner for GOP in 2016
Poll: Climate change not a top worry in U.S.
Poll: Clinton 44, Christie 34
Poll: Clinton tops Christie, other GOP rivals in crucial Ohio
Poll: Congressional approval holding steady at 15 percent
Poll: Congress’s approval rating rises to, er, 15%
Poll: Congress’s job approval falls to 11% amid shutdown
Poll: Contra Obama, public not too angry about Senate’s gun vote
Poll: Deficit reduction declines as a priority
Poll: Democrats lack advantage on three key issues
Poll: Democrats lose 2014 edge following ObamaCare uproar
Poll: Democrats’ advantage on key issues is not translating to a midterm edge
Poll: Deportation relief more important to Latinos, Asian-Americans than citizenship for illegals
Poll: Disapproval of Obama’s job performance hits new high
Poll: Dysfunctional government replaces economy as America’s top problem
Poll: Egyptian see life worse now than before Mubarak’s fall
Poll: Egypt’s favorable rating in U.S. slips to two-decade low
Poll: Even love is political
Poll: Experiences of uninsured with ObamaCare websites mostly negative, 34/63
Poll: Few see adequate limits on NSA surveillance program
Poll: Fewer Americans identify as economic conservatives
Poll: Fewer Americans think Obama is respected internationally
Poll: Fewer than one quarter of New Jersey voters now describe Christie as “trustworthy”
Poll: Five percent think it’s better for America if all presidents are Ivy League grads
Poll: For first time, more Americans view war in Afghanistan as a mistake than not
Poll: Four in ten Americans would give up civil liberties to fight terror
Poll: Four percent think America is winning war on drugs, 82% disagree
Poll: Four-way tie for Republicans in 2016
Poll: GOP has edge in early midterm indicator
Poll: GOP now running even with Obama on key issues
Poll: GOP voters ready to withhold support for incumbents over path to citizenship
Poll: Gay marriage support solidifies above 50%
Poll: Government itself is still top U.S. problem
Poll: Greg Abbott increases lead over Wendy Davis to 11 points
Poll: Gridlock is top reason Americans are critical of Congress
Poll: Gulf grows in black/white views of U.S. justice system
Poll: Half of Americans unaware of boom in U.S. energy production
Poll: Having a secure job replaces homeownership as key to being middle class
Poll: Hillary 45, Christie 37
Poll: Hillary 46, Christie 40
Poll: Hillary Clinton maintains positive image in U.S.
Poll: Hillary Clinton, Condi Rice top picks of who would make a “good president”
Poll: Hillary tops Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio — in Florida
Poll: Hillary’s favorability slips slightly
Poll: Hillary’s favorable rating dives amid Benghazi probe
Poll: Hillary’s popularity is starting to come back to Earth
Poll: Hispanics grow cool to GOP
Poll: Honesty and ethics rating of clergy falls to new low
Poll: Huge majority thinks Washington can reduce gun violence
Poll: In U.S., 43% of uninsured unaware that they’re now required to get coverage
Poll: In U.S., 64% want their child to avoid a career in politics
Poll: Interest in ObamaCare rises despite website’s problems
Poll: Israelis don’t believe Iran will stop nuclear program
Poll: JFK the most popular president of the past 50 years
Poll: John Cornyn way up on Steve Stockman
Poll: Just 26% support Geraldo’s Senate bid
Poll: Just 29% describe themselves as socially liberal
Poll: Just 32% are satisfied with outcome of fiscal standoff
Poll: Kerry’s approval rating at 60/31, higher than both Obama’s and Biden’s
Poll: Keystone XL project overwhelmingly favored by Americans
Poll: Large majority says surveillance intrudes on rights without improving security
Poll: Less than three in ten Americans trust the government
Poll: Liberal self-identification reaches new high in 2013
Poll: Lindsey Graham close to avoiding runoff in South Carolina Senate primary
Poll: Little faith left among Americans in nation’s leaders
Poll: Majorities in most countries perceive their media as free
Poll: Majority favors restricting abortion after 20 weeks, 56/27
Poll: Majority in U.S. still believe conspiracy was behind JFK assassination
Poll: Majority in U.S. want wealth distributed more evenly
Poll: Majority more worried U.S. surveillance goes too far
Poll: Majority of Americans favor ties with Cuba
Poll: Majority of Americans say Afghan war hasn’t been worth it
Poll: Majority of Americans want major changes to ObamaCare
Poll: Majority of Americans want minimum wage to be increased
Poll: Majority of Redskins fans say name change wouldn’t affect loyalty to the team
Poll: Majority of U.S. citizens say illegal immigrants should be deported
Poll: Majority of uninsured say they will get health insurance
Poll: Majority of voters back gay Boy Scouts
Poll: Majority of voters say immigration bill won’t pass
Poll: Majority say that the GOP is out of touch with women
Poll: Majority says it’s more important to raise debt ceiling than delay ObamaCare
Poll: Majority says legal immigration should be reduced
Poll: Majority supports drone attacks on terrorists abroad, but not here
Poll: Majority supports path to citizenship for illegals
Poll: Majority think the states should decide gay marriage
Poll: Majority would blame Republicans if Congress doesn’t raise the debt ceiling
Poll: Many Americans have no friends of another race
Poll: Many Americans not all that concerned about climate change
Poll: McConnell leads Ashley Judd
Poll: Mitch McConnell trailing in Kentucky Senate race?
Poll: Mixed views on NSA surveillance program
Poll: Moderate Democrats are quitting on ObamaCare
Poll: Modest support for military force if Syria used chemical weapons
Poll: More Americans see China as friend than foe
Poll: More Americans see NSA leaker as a patriot than a traitor
Poll: More Americans see sexual orientation as inborn
Poll: More relate to Democrats than to GOP on immigration
Poll: More than 80% of Democrats want Hillary to run in 2016
Poll: More than half of America unfamiliar with “see something, say something”
Poll: More voters care about “economic well-being” than debt and deficits
Poll: Most Americans don’t know much about the immigration bill
Poll: Most Americans don’t want Congress to repeal ObamaCare
Poll: Most Americans don’t want the U.S. involved in Syria
Poll: Most Americans say Snowden leaks harmed national security
Poll: Most Americans say religion is losing influence in the U.S.
Poll: Most Americans support raising the minimum wage
Poll: Most Americans support strengthening border security first
Poll: Most Americans want ObamaCare changed so that people can keep their current plans
Poll: Most Arizonans back Brewer’s veto
Poll: Most back new gun, immigration laws
Poll: Most disapprove of government phone snooping on ordinary Americans
Poll: Most in U.S. favor negotiations with Iran over nukes
Poll: Most in U.S. say it’s essential that immigrants learn English
Poll: Most men aspire to be dads
Poll: Most say background checks may bring confiscation
Poll: Most see income inequality growing but parties differ sharply on solutions
Poll: NYC voters back Bloomberg’s push against Styrofoam
Poll: Nearly 80 percent want Congressional approval on Syria
Poll: Nearly equal numbers of Dems, GOP, and indies see Christie in favorable light
Poll: Nearly half of U.S. college grads are underemployed
Poll: Nearly half of meteorologists don’t believe in man-made global warming
Poll: Nearly seven in 10 support Jason Collins’s decision to come out
Poll: No clear “Pope Francis effect” among U.S. Catholics
Poll: Not even half of Americans say they are closely following Benghazi investigation
Poll: Obama approval nears record low
Poll: Obama is America’s most admired man, Hillary its most admired woman
Poll: Obama job approval easily outpaces U.S. satisfaction
Poll: Obama no better than Bush on security vs civil liberties
Poll: Obama ratings suffer as scandals continue
Poll: Obama sees a rebound in his approval ratings
Poll: ObamaCare seen as Obama’s biggest achievement — and failure
Poll: ObamaCare seen as eroding coverage
Poll: ObamaCare still unpopular, disapproval of Obama’s handling of health care hits new high
Poll: ObamaCare support hits record low
Poll: ObamaCare’s unpopularity hits new high
Poll: Obama’s approval hits a new low
Poll: Obama’s approval rating declines over the summer — again
Poll: Obama’s approval rating dips, 76% want special prosecutor for IRS scandal
Poll: Obama’s approval rating falls to 45 percent
Poll: Obama’s approval rating unaffected, but only 42% say they’re satisfied with handling of Benghazi
Poll: Obama’s favorable rating hits new low
Poll: Obama’s fifth year in office ends with worst job approval of his presidency
Poll: Obama’s job approval declines to 44.5% in 19th quarter of his presidency
Poll: Obama’s numbers on foreign policy now higher than his domestic ones
Poll: Obama’s overall job approval steady, but scandals raise doubt about White House’s honesty
Poll: Obama’s ratings dip, voters say government is “out of control”
Poll: Older Americans’ moral attitudes changing
Poll: On 10th anniversary, 53% in U.S. see Iraq war as a mistake
Poll: One in four U.S. uninsured plan to remain that way
Poll: Only 10% of Israelis view Obama favorably
Poll: Only one in four Americans satisfied with direction of U.S.
Poll: Pakistani disapproval of U.S. leadership nearly doubles in two years, now at 92%
Poll: Palin top pick of Alaska Republicans
Poll: Paul edges Rubio in favorability among Republicans
Poll: Pelosi best known, least liked congressional leader
Poll: People see Obama as nice guy, so-so president
Poll: Plurality of Democrats approve of DOJ snooping on AP reporters to close leaks
Poll: Plurality of Republicans now see Ted Cruz as the GOP’s leader
Poll: Pope Francis gets high ratings from Catholics
Poll: Pope Francis has changed American Catholics’ attitudes, but not their behavior
Poll: Pope’s approval rating sky high
Poll: Positive views of Christie jump, views of Clinton down
Poll: Public backs more surveillance post-Boston
Poll: Public divided over gay marriage rulings
Poll: Public have more success signing up for ObamaCare, but negative impressions still overwhelming
Poll: Public now sees dealing with illegals who are already here as equal in importance to border security
Poll: Public resists cuts to entitlements in deficit-reduction debate
Poll: Public supports the NSA spying on their email, neighbors, and foreign leaders
Poll: Putin’s popularity declining at home, too
Poll: Record low say own representative deserves reelection to Congress
Poll: Record-high 42% of Americans now identify as independent
Poll: Record-high say gay relations are morally okay
Poll: Republicans embracing libertarian priorities
Poll: Republicans, Democrats differ most on views of Cuba, Israel
Poll: Rubio 18, Jeb Bush 16, Chris Christie 14
Poll: Rubio, Paul, Ryan, Christie early favorites in race for 2016 nomination
Poll: Sanford has momentum, now leads by one in SC-1
Poll: Satisfaction with direction of U.S. climbs to … 27%
Poll: Saving most popular among lower-income Americans
Poll: Scott Brown actually more popular in defeat than he was before
Poll: Sharp reversal on Christie’s numbers nationally after Bridgegate
Poll: Six in 10 American favor ending Saturday mail delivery
Poll: Stark racial differences in views on U.S. status
Poll: State governments viewed favorably as federal rating hits new low
Poll: Support for Christie up among “core GOP” since bridge scandal broke
Poll: Support for EU down across European nations
Poll: Support for Edward Snowden — and for his prosecution
Poll: Support for gay marriage hits new high; half say Constitution guarantees right
Poll: Support for legal marijuana soaring
Poll: Support for making gun laws stricter down since last year
Poll: Support for path to citizenship drops
Poll: Tea partiers and other Republicans sharply divided on belief in climate change
Poll: Tea-party favorability falls to lowest yet
Poll: The 100 must trusted people in America
Poll: The future of the Hispanic vote may be just like the present
Poll: The public doesn’t know much about gun laws
Poll: This is a “do-nothing” Congress
Poll: Tom Cotton leads Mark Pryor by nine in Arkansas Senate race
Poll: Toronto mayor’s popularity unscathed by scandals, lost clout
Poll: Trust in government nears record low — but 54% have favorable opinion of NSA
Poll: Two in three uninsured Americans plan to buy health insurance
Poll: Two-thirds of French now oppose action on Syria
Poll: Uninsured are about as skeptical of ObamaCare as the insured
Poll: Unprecedented anxiety about jobs, economy among American workers
Poll: Views in U.S. that government is too powerful show little change
Poll: Voters concerned NSA can’t keep a secret
Poll: Voters disapprove of arming Syrian rebels
Poll: Voters oppose NSA program, most lack trust in government
Poll: Voters prefer Republican budget ideas, but dislike GOP
Poll: Voters split on immigration priorities
Poll: Voters want Guantanamo Bay kept open
Poll: Voters who disapprove of all Washington players will vote Republican next year
Poll: Weiner drops to 10% in NYC mayoral primary, now fourth among Dems
Poll: Widening regional divide over abortion laws
Poll: “Just kidding” doesn’t make online slurs OK
Poll: “Merry Christmas” or “Happy holidays”?
Polling history suggests shutdown stakes may not be that high
Polls show Obama’s real worry: NSA leaks erode trust in government
Polls show chemical weapons affect the public’s view on Syria
Polls show opposition to ObamaCare is on the rise again
Polls: Weiner has surprising support from women
Pollster warns the GOP: Don’t count on the six-year itch
Poof: Public says America’s world leadership has tumbled to a thirty-year low
Poor misunderstood Media Matters
Pop culture’s limits
Pop music is becoming too pretentious
Pope Benedict XVI’s leaked documents show fractured Vatican full of rivalries
Pope Francis and the argument for compassionate capitalism
Pope Francis and the problem of selfishness
Pope Francis declares divorcees deserve compassion too
Pope Francis faces an entrenched Curia
Pope Francis has some lessons for you Republicans
Pope Francis is good for the Jews
Pope Francis is right: Atheists can be good
Pope Francis on gay priests: “If they accept the Lord and have good will, who am I to judge them?”
Pope Francis reaches out to atheists and agnostics
Pope Francis the revolutionary
Pope Francis the troublemaker
Pope Francis, a leader for believers and atheists alike
Pope Francis, say yes to the pill
Pope Francis: Church could support civil unions
Pope Francis: Papal feet washing sparks fears over women priests
Pope Francis: The Internet is a gift from God
Pope Francis: Women should have a larger role in the Church
Pope Francis: “We won’t resign ourselves to a Middle East without Christians”
Pope Francis’s first year: Faith, hope — and how much change?
Pope Francis’s latest surprise: Conducting a survey on the modern family
Pope Francis’s newest fans: Communists?
Pope and change
Pope attacks “tyranny” of markets, urges renewal in key document
Pope reaches out to unbelievers
Pope seeks exorcists
Pope to become “emeritus Pope”
Pope to nuns: Don’t be old maids
Pope urges Latin America: Don’t legalize drugs
Popes and dopes
Pope’s Christmas message to atheists: Work with us for peace
Pope’s decision to wash women’s feet the final straw for some traditionalists
Pope’s saint-making record risks Islam ties
Pope’s sharp words make a wealthy donor hesitate
Popular “Batkid” caper cost San Franciso $105K
Population declining in states with relatively high dependence on government
Populist left dreams of a “Warren 2016″ campaign
Porn’s behind-the-scenes feminists
Port Authority job created for an ally of Christie’s, source says
Port Clinton, Ohio: A case study in crumbling American dreams
Portman’s switch on gay marriage is bad for the right
Possible new way to prevent HIV: Bee stings?
Post-Iraq lessons for the GOP
Post-coup violence spreads in Egypt
Post-filibuster, confirming presidential appointments is still no slam dunk
Post-presidential Obama
Post-terror anti-Muslim backlash: A figment of liberals’ imagination
Postal Service says it’s immune from local traffic laws
Postal Service to make Sunday deliveries for Amazon
Pot makes you dumb
Pot opponents predict “hogwild” Colorado trainwreck
Pot shops in Denver open doors to $578 million in projected sales
Pot politics
Pot’s black-market backlash
Pounding on the ObamaCare panic button
Poverty in America: Millions of families too broke for bank accounts
Poverty of the soul: A national crisis
Poverty chic
Power shift: Energy boom dawning in America
Power vacuum in Middle East lifts militants
Praying for a Super Bowl win is a Hail Mary
Pre-K education is a long-term winner
Pre-K is a better investment than the stock market
Preemption is the only thing keeping America safe
Pregnant, and forced to stay on life support
Presents from the president: What Obama gives his friends
President Bush didn’t just keep us safe
President Bush’s unnecessary heart surgery
President Christie, meet President Giuliani
President Obama and government at its worst
President Obama is giving conservatives all the tools they need to transform the country
President Obama pulls lawmakers into the box he made
President Obama should end aid to Egypt
President Obama will likely bomb Syria
President Obama’s empty boast on Syria
President Obama’s magic words and numbers
President Putin, America is exceptional
President Rand Paul? It’s not out of the question
President Romney, strugging markets, and other spot-on predictions of 2013
President Romney? Yes, if the election were held today
President abdicates responsibility for his personal red line
Presidential medals and other so-so honors
Presidential run likely for Egyptian military ruler Sisi
Presidential followership
Presidents at leisure
President Asterisk
President Ruthless
Pressure builds on Boehner for NSA vote
Pressure by U.S. failed to sway Egyptian military leaders from crackdown
Pressure mounts to fix health insurance exchanges
Pretty soon, your body will be the only password you need
Previewing Rubio’s SOTU response
Priebus on GOP debate coverage: It matters who airs the Hillary movies, not who makes them
Priebus: Bill’s impeachment, Lewinsky affair are fair game if Hillary runs
Primaries, not conventions: GOP weighs limiting clout of its right wing
Printed plastic guns a growing worry for law enforcement
Prisoners of the Euro
Privacy is a conservative cause: Why we should question the Bush/Obama surveillance state
Privacy isn’t a right, it’s a commodity
Privacy isn’t all we’re losing
Privacy vs. security: Boston frames surveillance debate
Private exchanges: ObamaCare shopping still not ready
Privatize the National Park Service
Pro-Hillary group already meeting with top Democratic donors
Pro-Obamacare group recruits Obama donor to appear as Obamacare success story
Pro-Obamacare team trains reporters on covering Obamacare website problems
Pro-choicers have become the NRA of the left
Pro-immigrant groups balk at Gang of Eight’s goal of 70 votes
Pro-life, pro-animal: The conscience of a pro-life, vegan conservative
Problems persist throughout Day Two of ObamaCare
Problems with federal health portal also stymie Medicaid enrollment
Prof at public univ under investigation for allegedly forcing students to make anti-gun posters
Professor: Maybe we used too much force in capturing the bombers
Progressive Brian Schweitzer takes aim at Hillary
Progressive government fails
Progressive group ready to challenge Hillary from the left
Progressive racism: The hidden motive driving modern politics
Progressives and power
Progressives at Netroots Nation conference not as angry at Obama as you’d think
Progressives attack Obama on entitlements with eye to 2014
Progressives in power looking for payback
Progressives ready to be disappointed by OFA
Progressives take lessons from “Downton Abbey”
Progressives with bombs: The whitewashing of the Weather Underground
Progressives: Hillary Clinton must win us over
Progressivism kills: Detroit isn’t healthy for children and other living things
Projecting ObamaCare’s early enrollment numbers
Prop 8 judge sought Ted Olson’s advice on whether to attend Supreme Court arguments
Proponents seeing signs of hope from the House on immigration reform
Proposed IRS rule change fractures the left
Proposed ban on semiautomatic rifles vetoed by … Jerry Brown?
Proposed new state in northern Colorado gains traction
Prosecute Healthcare.gov?
Prosecute Snowden
Prosecutor to Gosnell: “Are you human?”
Prosthetic advances offer hope for Boston bombing amputees
Protesters in Kiev topple Lenin statue as rallies grow
Protesters march against amnesty on Capitol Hill
Protests of David Petraeus’s lectures to continue, say CUNY students
Psychologist: “Affluenza” is junk science
Public indifference is the real enemy in the NSA affair
Public schools keep getting crazier
Public sector cuts part-time shifts to duck ObamaCare
Public venting frustration over website glitches on ObamaCare’s Facebook page
Public-sector unions versus the public interest
Publishers withdraw more than 120 gibberish scientific papers
Puddleglum and the savage
Punish Phil Robertson but defraud Amazon: The dubious ethics of the left
Purity or strategy: The debate we need to have
Push toward immigration reform? Not in the states
Pushing the envelope, NSA-style
Put Middle East peace to a vote
Put a sock in it: Leaks about terror chatter are helping Al Qaeda
Putin Carter-izes Obama, totally
Putin brings real-world experience to the graduate school seminar crowd
Putin can’t stop
Putin didn’t save Obama. He beat him.
Putin exposes the secrets of American liberalism
Putin forces us to reconsider poor Neville Chamberlain
Putin is losing the Sochi Olympic game
Putin is still cleaning Obama’s clock
Putin is winning in Ukraine
Putin isn’t humiliating the White House — he’s testing it
Putin isn’t crazy
Putin is wrong
Putin just bought a country. Should the U.S. care?
Putin knows history hasn’t ended
Putin pulls the plug on the “reset”
Putin sees a chance to turn the tables on Obama at G20
Putin smashes Washington’s cocoon
Putin takes the helm as the Obama doctrine collapses
Putin thinks he’s winning
Putin toys with Obama as Syria burns and Snowden runs free
Putin vows to “annihilate” terrorists in response to Volgograd bombings
Putin warns west on Syria intervention
Putin “asks” Russian parliament for permission to use military in Ukraine
Putin: America thinks the world is its own little lab-rat experiment
Putin: I did not steal Bob Kraft’s Super Bowl ring
Putin: Snowden is “noble” but I haven’t worked with him
Putin: Snowden must not damage relations with U.S.
Putin: The west is arming Syrian rebels who eat human flesh
Putin’s Ukraine gambit
Putin’s aggression in Ukraine needs a response
Putin’s anti-Olympic creed
Putin’s error in Ukraine is the kind that leads to catastrophe
Putin’s man in Crimea is Ukraine’s worst nightmare
Putin’s miscalculating how easy it’ll be to control Crimea
Putin’s nationalist strategy
Putin’s plan for world domination: Becoming the global leader of social conservatism
Putin’s right hook: The strategic implications of Russia’s new conservatism
Putin’s the villain here, not Obama
Putin’s war could soon spread to eastern Ukraine — and no one can stop him
Putin’s weak hand
Qatar: The attention-starved teen of the Middle East
Quds Force commander Qassem Suleimani: The man who’s reshaping the Middle East
Question for Al Sharpton: Is Chris Christie less believable than Tawana Brawley?
Question for Mike Huckabee: Where would social conservatives go if they left the party?
Question for drone critics: Would you prefer boots on the ground?
Questioning Judge Leon’s NSA opinion
Questions for Secretary Sebelius
Questions on Huma Abedin’s dual roles as Clinton aide persist
Quiet rivalry over the next Fed leader comes out of the shadows
RI Navy base failed to forward police report on Alexis to Pentagon before Navy Yard shooting
RINO-hunting: When is it wise, and when is it foolish?
RINOs need to take back the Republican party
RIP: Sen. Jim Inhofe’s son dies in plane crash
RNC building list of voters who lost insurance due to ObamaCare
RNC chief retreats after report endorses immigration reform
RNC moves to condense 2016 primaries
RNC mulling over Lincoln-Douglas debates for 2016 primaries
RNC reaffirms opposition to gay marriage
RNC releases 100-page election postmortem on how to rebuild party’s image with voters
RNC supports path to citizenship for DREAMers, but not all illegals
RNC to launch major digital overhaul following election inquiry
RNC to overhaul “antiquated” GOTV system
RNC weighing 2016 shake-up with midwestern “super-primary”
RNC, Ron Paul backers seek peace
RSC fires executive director
RT anchor Liz Wahl explains why she quit
Race and the gun debate
Race for Pennsylvania governor starting early
Race relations in America improving every year, and the media hates it
Race, politics, and the Zimmerman trial
Race? No, millennials care most about gender equality
Rachel Maddow’s basically running MSNBC now
Racing to save the stray dogs of Sochi
Racism versus reality
Racism! Squirrel!
Racism, Inc.
Radical Femen leader plans U.S. feminist outpost
Radical life extension for humanity could be dangerous
Rahm Emanuel may go for 2016 — if Hillary doesn’t
Raise the minimum wage? It’s iffy
Raising babies who never use diapers
Raising kids with an attitude of gratitude
Raising the minimum wage is a moral imperative
Raising the minimum wage sounds like a good idea for conservatism
Ramzi Yousef files lawsuit over solitary confinement
Rand Paul advisor: He’s already laying the groundwork for a presidential bid
Rand Paul aggressively courting evangelicals to win over GOP establishment
Rand Paul airs his Festivus grievances
Rand Paul and Ken Cuccinelli accused of stealing NSA lawsuit
Rand Paul and Ron Wyden: The drone odd couple
Rand Paul and Ted Cruz threaten to filibuster on guns
Rand Paul and Washington’s night of hypocrisy
Rand Paul and staff working hard to appeal to mainstream
Rand Paul and the Christian right
Rand Paul and the charisma of principle
Rand Paul and the principle principle
Rand Paul asked the wrong questions in his drone filibuster
Rand Paul backs off from Syria filibuster threat
Rand Paul breaks bread with Holder after suing Obama administration
Rand Paul can never be a mainstream Republican
Rand Paul could be the perfect foil for Hillary in 2016
Rand Paul demands Dems return money raised by “sexual predator” Bill Clinton
Rand Paul disagrees with RNC on debates: “Fair moderators on all networks”
Rand Paul doesn’t get it
Rand Paul fights the press
Rand Paul fires back at Christie over national security comments
Rand Paul had a point about Bill Clinton and the war on women
Rand Paul headed to first-in-the-nation primary state
Rand Paul hits Bill Clinton with an eye on the midterms
Rand Paul hits Hollywood on gun control
Rand Paul hits back at Ted Cruz on foreign policy
Rand Paul hosts meeting of anti-war lawmakers to plot strategy on Syria
Rand Paul introduces constitutional amendment to make all laws equally applicable to citizens and Congress
Rand Paul is more like his father after all
Rand Paul is no isolationist
Rand Paul is pitching libertarian ideas to social conservatives. And they’re listening.
Rand Paul is right: Social conservatives should embrace libertarianism
Rand Paul is the 2016 Republican frontrunner
Rand Paul is the early frontrunner
Rand Paul is the isolated isolationist
Rand Paul is the rabbit of the 2016 field. Here’s why it matters.
Rand Paul on 2016 pick: “Someone like myself”
Rand Paul on Christie: The GOP can include people who believe in big government
Rand Paul on IRS scandal: Obama’s “losing the moral authority to lead this nation”
Rand Paul on Sarah Palin: “What’s not to love?”
Rand Paul on abortion: I’m pro-life, but exceptions should be handled case by case
Rand Paul on the Lewinsky scandal: Dems have the gall to accuse others of a war on women?
Rand Paul open to compromise on defunding ObamaCare
Rand Paul preaches environmental sustainability at Reagan Library
Rand Paul releases statement on plagiarism accusations
Rand Paul seeks Kentucky law to run for both president and Senate
Rand Paul slams Congress for funding Egyptian generals: How does you conscience feel now?
Rand Paul still isn’t ready for prime time
Rand Paul threatens to block new FBI chief over drone issue
Rand Paul to Chris Christie: How about a fried Twinkie summit?
Rand Paul to Mike Enzi: I’m here for you, buddy
Rand Paul to Obama: Knock off the histrionics over the sequester
Rand Paul to Snowden: Don’t cozy up to the Russian or Chinese governments
Rand Paul to back path to citizenship for illegals in speech today
Rand Paul to bring class-action suit over NSA policies
Rand Paul to headline Lincoln Day Dinner in Iowa
Rand Paul to plagiarism critics: “If dueling were legal in Kentucky…”
Rand Paul v. Ron Paul on the meaning of the Fourteenth Amendment
Rand Paul versus Ted Cruz on whether the UN should vote on Syria
Rand Paul vs. the crotchety GOP establishment
Rand Paul weighs Supreme Court challenge to NSA surveillance programs
Rand Paul will be a major player in 2016
Rand Paul wins CPAC straw poll; Cruz second, Ben Carson third
Rand Paul won’t save the Republican party
Rand Paul working the phones to stop Syria resolution from passing Congress
Rand Paul, 2016 frontrunner
Rand Paul, Ted Cruz join Kirsten Gillibrand push on military sexual assault
Rand Paul, crunchy con
Rand Paul, foreign-policy realism, and Republican reform
Rand Paul, the Republican to watch in 2013
Rand Paul: America needs a “spiritual cleansing”
Rand Paul: America shouldn’t “tweak” Russia over Ukraine
Rand Paul: Boehner has the power to kill amnesty once and for all
Rand Paul: Borrowing for unemployment benefits is “weakening us as a country”
Rand Paul: Chief Justice Roberts, all federal workers, should have to enroll in Obamacare
Rand Paul: Chris Christie embraced ObamaCare by agreeing to expand Medicaid
Rand Paul: Christie won because he got federal Sandy aid
Rand Paul: Christie “doesn’t seem to be very conservative”
Rand Paul: DOMA defenders are going to lose that battle
Rand Paul: Don’t ruin the lives of young nonviolent drug users by putting them in jail
Rand Paul: How can McCain know who the good guys are in Syria if he didn’t recognize kidnappers?
Rand Paul: Immigration reform could threat Boehner’s speakership
Rand Paul: Legalization before security is the “fatal flaw” in the Gang of Eight
Rand Paul: Matt Bevin’s credibility has been hurt by his inconsistency on bailouts
Rand Paul: My colleagues just voted to arm the allies of Al Qaeda
Rand Paul: My tea-party SOTU rebuttal won’t divide Republicans
Rand Paul: My wife doesn’t want me to run for president
Rand Paul: Obama will bail out Detroit “over my dead body”
Rand Paul: Obama’s concept of “majority rule” is what led to Jim Crow
Rand Paul: Obama’s only Syria objective is “stalemate”
Rand Paul: Republicans needs community organizers too
Rand Paul: Snowden’s a “civil disobedient”
Rand Paul: Stephanopoulos and ABC might have helped manufacture the “war on women”
Rand Paul: The Kentucky ObamaCare exchange enrolled my son in Medicaid
Rand Paul: The rise of a rebel
Rand Paul: There’s a GOP generation gap on privacy rights
Rand Paul: There’s no reason to raise the debt ceiling
Rand Paul: Time to bring troops home, cut foreign aid, and fix entitlements
Rand Paul: Voters are ready for a libertarian Republican in 2016
Rand Paul: We probably can’t get rid of ObamaCare
Rand Paul: Without tougher border security triggers, I can’t support the Gang of Eight bill
Rand Paul: Young voters will come back to the GOP if we stand up to the NSA
Rand Paul: “50/50″ chance House will vote down Syria strike
Rand Paul: “How can you ask a man to be the first one to die for a mistake?”
Rand Paul: “I think it’s hard to square the idea of a preemptive war … with Christianity”
Rand Paul: “Seriously” weighing 2016 bid
Rand Paul’s 2016 chances are better than most people realize
Rand Paul’s Crimea flip-flop disqualifies him from the presidency
Rand Paul’s NSA lawsuit is frivolous
Rand Paul’s NSA moment: Will Republicans abandon him or follow his lead?
Rand Paul’s SOTU response: Key to the tea-party’s future?
Rand Paul’s Snowden apologia
Rand Paul’s amnesty plan is worse than Rubio’s
Rand Paul’s big fight
Rand Paul’s challenge: What if foreign policy becomes the dominant issue?
Rand Paul’s early state mojo
Rand Paul’s extraordinarily difficult path to the presidency
Rand Paul’s filibuster was terrific, but his ideas are still dangerous
Rand Paul’s filibuster: When the madness began to lift
Rand Paul’s foreign policy challenge
Rand Paul’s foreign-policy side effects
Rand Paul’s government shutdown diplomacy
Rand Paul’s interesting advantage
Rand Paul’s misguided case against the NSA
Rand Paul’s misguided war on Hillary Clinton
Rand Paul’s moment and the end of Obama envy
Rand Paul’s new bill on the Fourth Amendment is a gift to lawbreakers
Rand Paul’s new friends
Rand Paul’s paleo problem
Rand Paul’s plan for Ukraine: Bizarre and delusional
Rand Paul’s play to win over black voters at Howard University
Rand Paul’s preemptive strike on the rest of the 2016 field over foreign policy
Rand Paul’s presidential one-man band
Rand Paul’s right: Republicans need a crash hipster outreach program
Rand Paul’s urban agenda
Rand Paul’s wasted day at Howard University
Rand Paul’s moment
Rand Paul’s party
Rand and Rubio: A war for the future of war
Rasmussen poll: McAuliffe jumps to 17-point lead over Cuccinelli
Rate of uninsured Americans holds steady despite ObamaCare
Ray Kelly: New York is unprepared for a Nairobi-style mall attack
Re-branding the GOP as the party of the little guy
Re-watching Woody Allen
Reaching my autistic son through Disney
Read my lipstick: No new taxes
Read the fine print: Lower health insurance premiums to come at cost of fewer choices
Read this if you want to be happy in 2014
Reading Obamacare before passing it would have been a waste of time
Reagan was more of a Thomas Paine man than a Burkean
Reagan, O’Neill, and some chump named Chris Matthews
Reagan’s daughter: He would have backed gay marriage
Real-world “Civilization” game shows how war shaped humanity
Reality TV, a raison d’etre
Reality is catching up to the political class
Reasons for optimism in Iran
Rebel leaders: Assad shifting chemical stocks to Lebanon, Iraq
Rebel spokesman: U.S. now providing some lethal aid to Syrian rebels
Rebel without a caste: Why Ted Cruz drives them crazy
Rebel-on-rebel violence seizes Syria
Recalled Colorado senator: We can beat the gun lobby — we already have
Recapturing the Arab Muslim world’s golden age
Record return of Arctic ice cap as it grows by 60% in a year
Records show trail of Benghazi security lapses leads to State Department senior leadership
Recovery? Not for the common people
Recurring tragedy from a broken immigration system
Red Cross: War crimes in video games should be punished
Red, blue states move in opposite directions in new era of single-party rule
Red, divided, and blue
Red-state Senate Dems never folded during shutdown
Red-state Senate Dems sticking with their party on ObamaCare votes so far
Redacted truth, subjunctive outrage
Reddit bans comments from global warming skeptics
Redskins and reason
Redskins lawyer Lanny Davis: Why hasn’t Obama objected to the Chicago Blackhawks’ name?
Redskins name change not as easy as it sounds
Redskins owner Dan Snyder is no moral leader
Redskins player: The team “probably should” change their name
Redskins write scathing response to lawmakers who want team name changed
Redskins’ name opponents “disappointed” after meeting with NFL reps
Reducing our debt can’t be the GOP’s only agenda
Reefer gladness
Reflections of a medical ex-practitioner
Reflections on election night: ObamaCare hurt Dems, shutdown didn’t much hurt the GOP
Reforming immigration policy first will help secure the border later
Reforming immigration reform
Regulation nation: Obama expands the regulatory state
Regulations, bans force switch to “green” ammo
Regulators seek driverless car rules
Reid blasts Cornyn’s border-security amendment as a “poison pill”
Reid defends ObamaCare exemption for Congress: “That’s what the law says”
Reid faces dilemma over Dem defections after close budget vote
Reid faces double-digit Democratic defections on Syria strike measure
Reid on immigration reform: “If we go to conference, we will win”
Reid preparing to move for limits on filibuster
Reid rolls the dice: Senate to vote today on gun bill, but are there 60?
Reid to introduce gun-control bill with universal background checks
Reid warns Bloomberg against attacks on Democrats
Reid: Getting sixty votes on immigration will be “pretty easy”
Reid: We need more funding to prevent ObamaCare from becoming a “trainwreck”
Reid’s bill to raise debt ceiling until late 2014 fails in Senate vote
Reid’s dilemma: Protect Obama or protect Senate Dems by letting them take anti-ObamaCare votes?
Reince Priebus, MSNBC slayer
Reince Priebus: How about a Republican convention in mid-June or July?
Reince Priebus: Immigration reform isn’t dead yet
Reince Priebus: Obama’s orchestrating a government shutdown
Reince Priebus: Romney’s “self-deportation” quote was “racist” and “horrific”
Reince Priebus: There’s a general consensus in our party that something big needs to happen on immigration
Reinforce a norm in Syria
Reject naive foreign policy, whatever its source
Relax, America’s not Detroit
Relax, GOP: You’ve already wounded ObamaCare
Relax, Iran’s still botching the bomb
Relax: Party dominance doesn’t last
Release Bin Laden’s files on the Taliban
Religion and inequality
Religious difference, not ideology, will fuel this century’s epic battles
Religious freedom applies to businesses too
Religious liberty after Arizona
Religious liberty should be a liberal value too
Religious right could be left beind by new Republican plan
Remember last year, when a candidate’s tax returns mattered?
Remember when Democrats opposed the imperial presidency?
Remember when Obama said Detroit was coming back?
Remember when the battle of the sexes was a laughing matter?
Remembering the top 12 moments from the era of “austerity”
Reminder from Google: Don’t be a “Glasshole”
Renewed clashes feared amid dispute over Egyptian prime minister
Rent control is pricing San Francisco’s poor out of the city
Rep. King: Obama can take action in Syria without authorization from Congress
Rep. Labrador: If Boehner pursues immigration this year, “it should cost him his speakership”
Rep. Raul Labrador, the House GOP’s middleman on immigration reform?
Rep. Raul Labrador: Immigration reform is dead
Rep. Steve Stockman to primary John Cornyn
Rep. Trey Radel charged with cocaine possession
Repeal is increasingly plausible
Repeal the Second Amendment
Repeal the debt ceiling
Repeal will never happen during Obama’s presidency
Repealing “ObamaCare” — not to be confused with ObamaCare
Repeat after me, David Brooks: Repealing a prohibition on something is not the same as endorsing it
Replace the law, replace the strategy
Report on press freedoms: Obama brings chilling effect to journalism
Report says TSA screening is not objective
Report: 100,000 people selected an ObamaCare plan via Healthcare.gov in November
Report: 13 DePaul students admit tearing down memorial to aborted babies
Report: 2004 turnout numbers would have elected Romney
Report: 2011 wiretap caught Tsarnaev vaguely discussing jihad with mom
Report: 50,000 people signed up for ObamaCare in the first week
Report: 96% of global cyberespionage comes from China
Report: AFL-CIO considers accepting non-union members
Report: Accused of spying, American held in North Korea issues ‘apology’
Report: Assad moves his weapons underground as U.S. strike looms
Report: At least two candidates have already turned down replacing Napolitano at DHS
Report: Boston bombers planned July 4th attack originally
Report: Britain mediating indirect talks between U.S. and Hezbollah
Report: CIA feeding intelligence to Syrian rebel forces
Report: CIA seizes Bin Laden’s son-in-law, an Al Qaeda spokesman, in Jordan
Report: Cancer will be the number-one killer in the U.S. in 16 years
Report: Chinese jets tailed U.S., Japanese planes in disputed defense zone
Report: Clintons livid at Weiner/Huma comparisons
Report: Coburn, Hatch, Burr to release GOP alternative to ObamaCare today
Report: DOJ told Fox News parent company of phone records probe three years ago
Report: Deadly drone strike in Yemen failed to comply with Obama’s rules to protect civilians
Report: Dems don’t have 60 votes for Hagel yet
Report: Devout Catholics have better sex
Report: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev says he has donors
Report: Egyptian prosecutors have evidence Morsi incited murder of protesters
Report: Egypt’s draft constitution puts more power in hands of military
Report: FBI investigating prostitution allegations about Menendez
Report: FBI wanted to fly Edward Snowden’s father to Moscow
Report: Fired nuke commander drank heavily, was rude in Russia
Report: Fugitive Chris Dorner in shootout with police
Report: German intelligence used key NSA surveillance program
Report: Global warming alarmism can cause depression
Report: Hagel called State Department an adjunct of Israel’s foreign ministry
Report: Half of federal agencies are failing at FOIA
Report: Hasselbeck’s days at “The View” are numbered
Report: Hezbollah orders Hamas out of Lebanon
Report: Hezbollah, Assad try to expand Syrian civil war into Lebanon
Report: Hillary on 2016, “I’m minded to do it”
Report: Hillary’s Benghazi investigation let top officials escape blame
Report: Holder approved search warrant for James Rosen’s e-mails
Report: Homeland Security loses track of one million foreigners
Report: Homeland Security workers routinely boost pay with unearned overtime
Report: House GOP now considering short-term debt-limit extension
Report: House GOP told Obama they’d re-open government if he backed their debt-limit proposal
Report: House immigration talks collapsing over health-care provisions
Report: Huntsman’s camp peddled dirt on Mitch Daniels’s wife to keep him out of the campaign
Report: IRS improperly paid out $132 billion in tax credits over past decade
Report: IRS officials in Washington knew of conservative targeting in 2010
Report: IRS officials in Washington, not just Cincinnati, were involved in targeting conservatives
Report: IRS’s Lois Lerner gave confidential Tea Party tax info to FEC, violating law
Report: Immigration overhaul could boost U.S. states’ revenue
Report: Iran may be a month from a bomb
Report: Iran mulling six-month freeze on uranium enrichment
Report: Iran removing key intel material from Damascus
Report: Iran sending warships toward U.S. maritime borders
Report: Iran sends 4,000 troops to Syria to reinforce Assad
Report: Iranian nuclear chief observed Korean nuke test
Report: Iranian nuclear reactor damaged by quakes
Report: Iran’s nuclear program entails huge costs, few benefits
Report: Iraq reconstruction failed to result in lasting, positive changes
Report: Iraqi tribesmen and police take back Fallujah from Al Qaeda
Report: Israel considers building buffer zone inside Syria
Report: Israel struck Syria from Lebanese airspace
Report: Israel to join Turkey, Arab states to stop Iran
Report: Jeb Bush giving more serious thought to entering presidential race
Report: Jihadis warned locals two days in advance about impending Abu Ghraib prison break
Report: Kerry confidantes fear Obama sabotaged Mideast peace talks with harsh interview
Report: Kim Jong Un is handing out copies of “Mein Kampf” to senior officials
Report: Kim Jong-un had uncle killed by feeding him to starving dogs
Report: Labor, business agree on guest-worker program
Report: MLB prepared to suspend Alex Rodriguez for life
Report: Many killed in Damascus suburb by rockets tipped with poison gas
Report: Mass shootings are on the rise
Report: Media adore Bloomberg’s nanny state plans
Report: Media coverage can cause more stress than being at a bombing
Report: Menendez went to bat for donor friend accused of overbilling Medicare by millions of dollars
Report: Muslim Brotherhood cancels Cairo marches due to sniper threat
Report: NSA admits listening to U.S. phone calls without warrants
Report: NSA chief Gen. Keith Alexander to step down?
Report: NSA has also catalogued credit-card transactions
Report: Nearly 100 women sexually assaulted in Tahrir Square in four days
Report: New North Korean nuclear test might be on the way
Report: New York State set to loosen medical marijuana laws
Report: New terror alert was sparked by conference call among 20 Al Qaeda operatives
Report: North Korea tells China of preparations for fresh nuclear test
Report: Obama asked Hillary to stay on for another year as Secretary of State
Report: Obama eyeing Deval Patrick to replace Holder at DOJ?
Report: Obama knew of NSA spying on Merkel and approved it
Report: Obama rejected tough options for countering Chinese cyber attacks two years ago
Report: Obama to announce withdrawal of 34,000 U.S. troops from Afghanistan tonight
Report: Obama told Schumer that Cornyn’s border-security amendment was unacceptable
Report: Obama visiting Israel to try to prevent attack on Iran
Report: Obama was pushed by Clintons into 2016 endorsement of Hillary
Report: Obama won’t insist on threat of force in UN resolution on Syria
Report: Pentagon poised to extend benefits to same-sex partners
Report: Police warned the Navy about gunman’s instability six weeks ago
Report: Romney to take job at son’s investment firm
Report: Russian intel contacted FBI about Tsarnaev six months ago
Report: Russian police urgently searching for possible suicide bomber — who may already be in Sochi
Report: Saudis may end beheadings due to lack of qualified swordsmen
Report: Scientists more certain than ever on climate change
Report: Senior Al Qaeda facilitator “back on the street” in Iran
Report: Senior IRS officials knew tea party was being targeted in 2011
Report: Snowden finally leaves Moscow airport, enters Russia
Report: Snowden got stuck in Russia
Report: Syria has missile batteries aimed at Tel Aviv
Report: Syria now using “Popular Committees,” a.k.a. militias, to carry out mass killings
Report: TSA behavioral screening works “same as or slightly better than chance”
Report: Taxpayer dollars paid a third of highest-paid corporate CEOs
Report: Three shooters in Navy Yard rampage?
Report: Tim Tebow to sign with Patriots
Report: Tsarnaev conscious, responding to investigators in writing
Report: Tsarnaev went silent after being read Miranda rights
Report: Turkey-Israel normalization talks underway
Report: Two-thirds of small businesses to see premiums spike under ObamaCare
Report: U.S. spent $3.7 trillion on welfare over last five years
Report: U.S. tracked Merkel’s phone since 2002
Report: Ukrainian president Yanukovych flees Kiev
Report: Valerie Jarrett led secret negotiations with Iran for the past year
Report: Weiner set to jump in NYC mayoral race next week
Report: West has “hard evidence” of Syrian WMD use
Report: White House might expand eligibility for ObamaCare subsidies
Report: White House set to shift drone program from CIA to Pentagon
Report: White House stopped phone tapping of foreign leaders this summer
Report: White House’s immigration bill would grant illegals green cards in eight years
Report: “Ongoing, severe epidemic” of STDs in the US
Reports: Iran converting some uranium to reactor fuel, lessening bomb fears
Reports: NSA disguised itself as Google to spy
Republican candidates need to stop worrying about primary challenges
Republican doctors running for Congress amid ObamaCare fiasco
Republican donors, RNC push in different directions on immigration, gay rights
Republican fundraisers see opportunity on coasts over gay-marriage shift
Republican governors bash Washington GOP
Republican groups readies pro-immigration-reform ad blitz
Republican inflation paranoia is political suicide
Republican leaders must keep the tea party on the run
Republican mega-donors quietly celebrate Chris Christie’s marriage surrender
Republicans are almost as white and male as every New Republic editor, ever
Republicans are dealing with a tea party hangover
Republicans are expanding the field in Senate races, but what about the House?
Republicans are facing irrelevance if they don’t pass immigration reform
Republicans are now in position to take the Senate, if they don’t screw it up
Republicans are wooing the wired
Republicans aren’t the problem, these darned tea partiers are
Republicans blast White House for New York trial of al Qaeda spokesman
Republicans can’t settle for a so-so year in 2014
Republicans can’t win Latinos with immigration reform
Republicans close ranks against Liz Cheney
Republicans consider GOP-only “hearings” for immigration bill
Republicans cry foul over ObamaCare 2015 enrollment period pushback
Republicans didn’t sabotage the health exchanges, Obama did
Republicans do need a savior
Republicans don’t have a women problem. They have a single women problem.
Republicans flip script on Obama with populist attacks
Republicans for gay marriage?
Republicans from the West offer support for gay marriage
Republicans in key 2016 states praise Rubio response
Republicans in the good old days
Republicans look to change structure of campaign debates
Republicans may have an edge with independent voters. Can they use it?
Republicans may have lost the shutdown battle but they’re winning the fiscal war
Republicans may rue the RNC’s new rules for the primaries
Republicans must come to terms on immigration
Republicans must either expand or expire
Republicans need ObamaCare’s exchanges to work
Republicans need a graceful exit strategy, now
Republicans need to go negative
Republicans need to make the poor a higher priority
Republicans on 2010 pace in House generic vote — at least momentarily
Republicans on DREAMers: Take it or leave it
Republicans paint Clinton as old news for 2016
Republicans push Boehner on the “Hastert rule”
Republicans question Iowa’s key role in presidential primaries
Republicans quietly talk about skipping next budget
Republicans readying a new ObamaCare offensive
Republicans really could win it all this year
Republicans rise up against the right wing
Republicans seek access to Mitt Romney money machine
Republicans should either resolve to fight or give up
Republicans should go easy on Obama — at least in public
Republicans should prepare for the collapse of ObamaCare
Republicans should vote “no” and send a message to Hagel
Republicans shouldn’t let Obama pack the courts
Republicans shut down the idea of another shutdown
Republicans shying away from their own health plan
Republicans spar on leaks and surveillance, underscoring partisan shakeup
Republicans still seen falling behind in election data wars
Republicans struggle to agree on candidates who can win
Republicans take note: Americans are embracing immigration reform
Republicans take on Wall Street
Republicans to Eric Holder: Don’t mess with Texas on voting rights
Republicans try a softer focus on middle-class issues
Republicans try to beat Democrats at their own game on inequality
Republicans wait as Christine O’Donnell weighs another campaign
Republicans want their party to change — by becoming more conservative
Republicans, White House in talks toward big fiscal deal
Republicans, don’t shut down the government
Republicans, get over the 2012 loss — and start fighting back
Republicans: Obama’s violating Constitution but little can be done about it
Republicans’ Orwellian doublespeak on immigration
Republicans’ time for choosing on health care
Rescuing compromise
Researchers treating lazy eye with … Tetris?
Researchers, drug companies gearing up for a new push against cancer
Resistance is not futile
Responding to Assad isn’t just about protecting our interests, it’s about who we are
Rest assured, the media will be back in the tank for Obama before too long
Rest in peace: MSNBC’s “Lean Forward”?
Restaurant parts ways with gay waitress who claimed she was stiffed on tip
Restoring plain and civil speech to politics
Restricted access: Clinton Foundation keeps tight leash on papers from Bill Clinton’s tenure as governor
Resume shows Snowden honed hacking skills
Resurgent Holder pushes new agenda
Resurrected mammoths and dodos? Don’t count on it
Rethinking the 2016 GOP nomination contest
Retired Florida minister named George Zimmerman receiving death threats
Retired Justice Stevens: Change the Second Amendment to improve the Constitution
Retired NFL players show “pronounced” brain abnormalities
Retired general: National Guard could help curb Chicago violence
Retirement unlikely for some blue-collar Americans
Retirement will kill you
Retrieving California is the key to the future for the GOP
Return of the Jesus wars
Return of the liberal-tarians
Revealed after 40+ years: The burglars who exposed FBI spying
Revealed: Ayatollah Khamenei presides over $95 billion business empire
Revealed: Bob Levinson, American missing in Iran, was secretly working for the CIA
Revealed: Commander of SS-led Nazi unit living in U.S. since 1949
Revealed: IRS list from 2011 was concerned about tea party group’s anti-Obama propaganda
Revealed: Key part of Heathcare.gov showing premium rates passed test — but was shelved anyway
Revealed: NSA chief offered to resign after Snowden revelations broke this past summer
Revealed: NSA collecting phone records of millions of Americans daily
Revealed: NSA spied on European Union offices
Revealed: NSA uses four programs to collect data, two of which collect content
Revealed: Nixon wanted total ban on handguns
Revealed: Obama administration knew millions could not keep their health insurance
Revealed: Obama, aides debated whether to tell the truth about people keeping their plans
Revealed: Sebelius met with Obama at least 18 times before disastrous ObamaCare launch
Revealed: The CIA’s secret deal with Pakistan on drones, sealed in blood
Revealed: The FDA’s new nutritional labels, with bigger fonts for calorie counts
Revealed: The Healthcare.gov mystery woman
Revealed: The House GOP’s debt-ceiling plan
Revealed: The NSA knows what’s on your smartphone too
Revealed: The feds have made 330,000 Obamacare subsidy calculations
Revealed: The secret vacuum cleaner of Khaled Sheikh Mohammed
Revealed: The top 10 highest-paying college majors
Revealed: U.S. officials made two secret trips to North Korea in 2012
Revealed: U.S. recovered front section of North Korea missile launched in December
Revealed: U.S., Cuba have been holding secret talks for six months
Revealed: Videos of Syrian gas attack aftermath that were presented to Senate Intel Committee
Revealed: White House was warned by experts three years ago they’d have difficulty building ObamaCare exchanges
Revealed: Why Snowden had access to so much sensitive information
Revenge of the RINOs
Review of NSA surveillance programs to be led by … James Clapper
Revoke Obama’s Nobel Peace Prize
Rewriting history: How UK might have been without Thatcher
Rhetoric, race, and reality
Rich Chinese hiring American surrogate mothers for up to $120,000 a child
Richard Dawkins, secret Christian?
Richard Dawkins: Forcing religion on your children is as bad as child abuse
Richard Milhous Obama
Rick Perry signs Texas “Merry Christmas” bill into law
Rick Perry slams Gang of Eight’s immigration bill
Rick Perry thinks Mexico may have solved America’s immigration problem
Rick Perry to Connecticut gun-maker: You’re welcome in Texas
Rick Perry to Iowa next week
Rick Perry, David Dewhurst vow that Texas abortion bill won’t fail again
Rick Perry, a presidential candidate ahead of his time
Rick Perry, the man to beat
Rick Perry, intellectual
Rick Perry: I’m still waiting for Obama to thank me for “saving our bacon”
Rick Perry: Texas will never go blue
Rick Perry’s bid to stay relevant for 2016
Rick Perry’s second act
Rick Santorum could be a thorn in Ted Cruz’s side in 2016
Rick Santorum is admirable, and also totally unelectable
Rick Santorum warns Republicans: “We live in a bubble”
Riding the Motor City struggle bus
Right rips Rubio as Republican immigration votes slip away
Right-wing mobs attacking Mitch McConnell? Say it isn’t so, conservatives!
Right-wing mobs? No, a cleaning crew
Rights group to UN: Atheists face discrimination the world over
Riots put Sweden’s open-door immigration policy in spotlight
Rise in illegal crossings roils immigration debate
Rise of the feminist wedding
Rise of the warrior cop
Rising riches: One in five in U.S. reaches affluence
Rival says Weiner needs to apologize to Latinos for “Carlos Danger” alias
Rob Portman becomes first GOP senator to endorse gay marriage
Rob Portman sorts through the Ohio fallout after SSM shift
Rob Portman’s unfavorable rating jumped by double digits in Ohio stronghold after gay marriage announcement
Rob Reiner: Hillary would be the most qualified person ever to run for president
Robert Gates’s dereliction of “Duty”
Robert Gibbs: As press secretary, I was told not to acknowledge that the drone program exists
Robert Gibbs: Hagel wasn’t very good at that hearing, was he?
Robert Gibbs: Let’s face it, Maureen Dowd’s been writing the same column for eight years
Robertson family issues statement about future of “Duck Dynasty”
Robots and humans, learning to work together
Robots have taken over the Internet
Robust job growth may spur Fed to quicker withdrawal of stimulus
Rodman back from N. Korea without meeting “awesome” Kim
Roger Ailes: “I don’t have any problem with a path to citizenship”
Roger Ebert, RIP
Roger Simon and media bias
Roger Waters: It’s time for musicians to boycott Israel or something
Rogue secretary: Is John Kerry the president’s attack dog, or is he off the leash?
Roll it back
Rollie Chance, wrongly suspected Navy Yard shooter: I thought “this must be a joke”
Romance, finance at heart of national crisis on Valentine’s Day 2014
Romney aide: GOP should support Obama’s proposed Syria strike
Romney donor: I’m not the only wealthy Romney supporter who’s been audited
Romney nearly dropped out of presidential race in 2011
Romney says he might not have run in 2012 if Jeb Bush entered race
Romney strongly defends Christie’s handling of N.J. bridge scandal
Romney warns GOP against government shutdown
Romney was right: Eight in 10 Americans believe you should minimize your tax burden through all legal means
Romney was right: Russia is our biggest geopolitical foe
Romney, pondering future, plans session with Ryan and Christie
Romney: Benghazi talking points didn’t affect outcome of presidential election
Romney 2016?
Ron Paul endorses Mark Sanford
Ron Paul fans furious over Rand Paul’s drone flip-flop
Ron Paul launches his own home-school curriculum
Ron Paul recants, sort of
Ron Paul: I couldn’t endorse Chris Christie as nominee
Ron Paul: Rand will “probably” run in 2016
Ronan Farrow: The young man only old people like
Rouhani opens door to possibility of direct flights from U.S. to Iran
Rove strikes back: MRC’s Brent Bozell “crying crocodile tears”
Rove: I could see GOP’s 2016 nominee supporting same-sex marriage
Rove: Senate conservatives overreached by trying to filibuster gun control
Rove’s new group could backfire on the GOP
Royal Navy ready to launch first strike on Syria
Royal baby’s name: George Alexander Louis
Rubber-stamp FISA court not happy about being portrayed as rubber stamp
Rubio accepts taxpayer-funded ObamaCare subsidy
Rubio aide on immigration: “There are American workers who, for lack of a better term, can’t cut it”
Rubio and Paul: A duel for the soul of the tea party?
Rubio can win the great “hearing” fight on immigration
Rubio can’t defend his immigration bill
Rubio endorses Mitch McConnell
Rubio goes fake mean
Rubio got rolled by Chuck Schumer on immigration
Rubio has a long history of blocking immigration enforcement
Rubio hit hard after inviting comments on immigration bill
Rubio in tough spot on abortion
Rubio insisting on a robust regular-order process for immigration overhaul
Rubio introduces bill that would delay penalty for ObamaCare’s individual mandate
Rubio joins colleagues for dinner with Obama at the White House
Rubio keeps distance from August push for immigration reform
Rubio let me down on immigration reform
Rubio not happy with GOP rep for calling illegals “undocumented Democrats”
Rubio now selling his own water bottle
Rubio on football: You can’t take the risk out of sports
Rubio reconnects with the tea party
Rubio reportedly raised $3 million in second quarter of 2013
Rubio rolls the dice
Rubio says most of immigration reform bill in “perfect shape”
Rubio scolds U.S. visitors to Cuba
Rubio seeks to reconnect with the right
Rubio splits with former mentor Jeb Bush on immigration
Rubio still optimistic about bipartisan immigration reform
Rubio sure has stepped up on immigration
Rubio to brief GOP on immigration talks
Rubio to introduce Senate bill to ban abortions after 20 weeks
Rubio to offer immigration bill amendment to strengthen English requirements
Rubio told Ayotte not to declare support for Gang of Eight bill until border security was improved
Rubio tours Florida to repair image damaged over immigration reform
Rubio turns away from immigration as Senate bill’s prospects flounder
Rubio unveils education plank for a possible 2016 platform
Rubio versus the border hawks
Rubio vs. Bush: Who will run in 2016?
Rubio vs. DeMint: A mentor and protege at odds on immigration
Rubio vs. Rand vs. Ryan: The race for conservative mantle in 2016
Rubio vs. Rubio
Rubio wants stronger border security in immigration reform bill
Rubio warns Dems: Don’t try to ram an immigration bill through
Rubio, Paul highlight the GOP’s foreign-policy divide
Rubio-Schumer and the Republican future
Rubio: A Federal Marriage Amendment would step on the rights of states
Rubio: Get me rewrite!
Rubio: I don’t think it’s good for the country to have people who “are permanently barred as citizens”
Rubio: I won’t abandon immigration reform until it’s done
Rubio: If changes to border security aren’t made, I’ll vote against the Gang of Eight bill
Rubio: If you’re willing to fund Obamacare, you can’t possibly say you’re against it
Rubio: I’m not getting cold feet on immigration
Rubio: I’m okay with Karl Rove’s new “Conservative Victory Project”
Rubio: Syrian rebels need ammo, non-lethal assistance
Rubio: The Gang of Eight bill may struggle to pass the Senate too
Rubio: The economy will benefit from the immigration bill
Rubio: This Gang of Eight bill isn’t amnesty
Rubio: To pass House, immigration bill needs stronger enforcement
Rubio: We need to legalize immigrants so they can pay for border security
Rubio: You know, I’ve always preferred piecemeal immigration bills to comprehensive reform
Rubio’s PAC sells more than $100,000 in water bottles
Rubio’s big CPAC wimp-out on immigration
Rubio’s curious conversion on comprehensive immigration reform
Rubio’s either a fool on immigration or he’s playing us for fools
Rubio’s fundraising pitch ignores his role in immigration reform
Rubio’s ideas are “old” and Rand’s ideas are “new”?
Rubio’s immigration plan: The lesser of two evils
Rubio’s immigration reform push wins GOP establishment loyalty
Rubio’s immigration strategy worked brilliantly, but disappointed many
Rubio’s latest border security farce
Rubio’s new mission: Win back the Republican Party’s base
Rubio’s quarterly fundraising haul suggests immigration reform hasn’t hurt him
Rubio’s request for amnesty hearings dismissed by Graham and McCain
Rubio’s the one to watch on Syria
Rubio’s water sip: Our collective obsession with the trivial
Rubio’s folly
Rumor: Ukrainian president Yanukovych resigns
Rumors of Chris Christie’s demise are greatly exaggerated
Rumsfeld: The administration hasn’t justified a Syria attack
Run for the border as immigration debate heats up
Run, Elizabeth, run
Run, Joe, run!
Running again? McCain to hold January fundraiser for 2016 Senate race
Running tally: How many House Republicans have said they’d vote for a clean CR?
Rush is right on gay marriage
Russell Simmons slams NRA for hiring black spokesman
Russia and China step up their warnings over a strike on Syria
Russia and China: A new anti-American axis?
Russia and the “resource curse”
Russia blows past Obama’s “off-ramp”
Russia can’t afford another Cold War
Russia contacted the FBI “multiple times” with concerns about the Boston bomber
Russia crisis raises space station questions, but NASA has options
Russia fears its troops will riot of cigarette rations end
Russia is doomed
Russia is dying
Russia might gain Crimea, but it’s losing the world
Russia proves that democracy has little to do with liberty
Russia renews offer to supply advanced missile defence systems to Iran
Russia reveals name of CIA’s Moscow chief after expelling U.S. spy
Russia says Arafat died of natural causes
Russia says it will block any proposed no-fly zone over Syria at UN
Russia says no plans yet to destroy Syrian chemical arms on own soil
Russia sends spy ship to the Mediterranean as US prepares for possible strike
Russia ups the ante in Crimea by sending in a nationalist biker gang
Russia uses Snowden leaks to justify Internet crackdown
Russia wants much more than Crimea
Russia: Maybe it’s time to force the Syrian rebels to talk peace
Russia: Snowden can stay longer if he wants to
Russia: There’s no proof that the Syrian government is behind the chemical weapons attack
Russia: We could change our position if Assad cheats on disarmament
Russia: We reserve the right to answer a conventional attack with nuclear strikes
Russian FM: Deal with U.S. says nothing about using force if Assad doesn’t comply
Russian communists baffled by McCain’s Pravda plan
Russian deputy premier calls West a “monkey with a hand grenade”
Russian nuclear bombers intercepted near Guam
Russian official nudges Snowden: Accept Venezuela’s offer of asylum
Russian officials: We’ve received no asylum request from Snowden
Russian plan to stop intelligence leaks: Typewriters?
Russian report: Evidence does not prove Arafat poisoning
Russian stocks crash as central bank scrambles
Russia’s already lost the war
Russia’s foreign minister still claims chemical attack in Syria was “fabricated”
Russia’s proposal on Syria’s weapons is absurd
Ruth Bader Ginsburg should do liberals a favor and retire now
Ruth Bader Ginsburg vows to resist liberal pressure to retire
Ryan clears path for Cantor to succeed Speaker Boehner
Ryan says he’s keeping his options open for 2016
Ryan takes a step towards becoming Speaker of the House
SAT results show most students are unprepared for college
SCOTUS’s gay marriage ruling: A liberal result wrapped in conservative values
SEAL commander: The Bin Laden shooter knew he had health insurance
SEALs ended Somalia raid when they saw many women and children inside target building
SEIU stands with Rand Paul on immigration reform
SF protesters to Obama: Please be a dictator
SOTU: Will Obama dodge climate change again?
SOTU: Will Obama tell young people how much the government’s screwing them?
SPLC: If you can’t help every child, you can’t help any child
SWAT team sent away from Navy Yard shooting due to concerns over secondary attack at Capitol
Sacrificing the future
Saddam would have survived the Arab Spring
Sadness: Peter King’s lonely fight against the “Ted Cruz wing”
Safe streets, overruled
Sales of Orwell’s 1984 are suddenly up more than 6,000 percent
Sales of assault weapons surging in Maryland as gun-control bill nears passage
Sales of public data to marketers can mean big bucks for governments
Sales on Thanksgiving and Black Friday rise just 2.3%, weakest holiday results since 2009
Samantha Power on the duty to intervene
Same old, same old: Let’s face it, Obama blew an opportunity last night
Same old Weiner
Same-sex marriage lawsuits exploding in U.S. courts
Same-sex marriage moving swiftly back toward Supreme Court
Samira Ibrahim and the State Department: Your tax dollars at work
San Francisco station fires three producers for screw-up over Asiana pilots’ names
San Franciso Chronicle to stop using “Redskins”
Sanctions on Iran are necessary — even though they’ll almost certainly fail
Sandra Day O’Connor: Maybe we shouldn’t have decided Bush v. Gore
Sandra Fluke agrees: Limbaugh did her a favor by calling her a “slut”
Sandra Fluke considering a run for Congress
Sandra Fluke forgoes congressional bid, will run for California state senate instead
Sanford and the culture
Sanford expected to survive runoff in SC-1 primary
Sanford still trying to explain trespassing on ex-wife’s property
Sanford victory could spell trouble for House GOP leadership
Sanford, Weiner and the limits of political redemption
Sanford: I won’t run again if I lose this election
Santa Claus shouldn’t be a white man anymore
Santorum quietly preparing for 2016
Santorum: I’d do things differently in 2016
Santorum: Ted Cruz did more harm than good with “defund”
Santorum: Yep, I might run in 2016
Sarah Murnaghan receives lung transplant
Sarah Murnaghan will get her lung transplant, and that’s a problem
Sarah Palin pursued as host at streaming network
Sarah Silverman: The id and the ick
Satan at the state house
Satanists distance themselves for pro-abortion “Hail Satan” chants
Satanists seek spot on Oklahoma Statehouse steps
Satellite imagery of Israeli airstrike at Damascus airport released
Satellite images suggest North Korea’s Yongbyon nuclear reactor restarted
Saudi court jails Lebanese man for helping woman to convert to Christianity
Saudi prince to U.S. and Britain: You need to do more to help Syria’s Sunni rebels
Saudi prince: “There’s no confidence in the Obama administration doing the right thing with Iran”
Saudi punishment for armed robbery committed as a 15-year-old: Crucifixion
Saudi sheikh: Women should be banned from driving because it damages their ovaries
Saudis back Syrian rebels despite lack of control
Saudis brace for “nightmare” of U.S.-Iran rapprochement
Saudis fear tide of Syria war turning against their interests
Save America: Restore the draft
Save Rubio from himself
Save the (terrible) White House briefing
Save the charter schools
Save Aleppo!
Saving Detroit from itself
Saving the Republican party
Say, why do we have 140 characters but not flying cars?
Saying “don’t worry, we won’t do a very good job” is no way to sell a military action
Sayonara, Asian allies
Scamming ObamaCare will be harder than thought
Scandal-shocked House Democrats fear for 2014
Scandals are costing us American exceptionalism
Scandals versus legislation as Congress gets back to work
Scarborough for president?
Scarborough to Issa on calling Carney a “paid liar”: “You can’t say things like this”
Scarborough: If the right hadn’t overplayed its hand, Benghazi would be a bigger problem for Obama
Scarborough: I’m still open to running for president
Scarborough: My position on guns now is “very consistent” with my position 20 years ago
Scarborough: Ted Cruz is a liar
Scarborough: The GOP needs Colin Powell if they want to win national elections
Scarborough 2016?
Scared of the dentist? This is why, say neuroscientists
Scarlett Johansson stepping down as Oxfam ambassador due to support for Israeli company
Scarlett Johansson, war criminal?
Scholars: Using colorful names for laws distorts the legal process
School district scanned kids’ eyes without parents’ consent
School has become too hostile to boys
Schoolkids flee the lunch line as Michelle Obama’s nutritional standards are imposed
Schools are not parents
Schools push a curriculum of propaganda
Schumer gives GOP “pass” to vote against benefits for immigrants
Schumer predicts Gang of Eight’s immigration bill will pass Senate by July 4
Schumer predicts immigration bill passage within eight weeks
Schumer predicts mass demonstrations if House blocks path to citizenship
Schumer, Clintons not real thrilled about Anthony Weiner’s comeback
Schumer, Graham: Boston shows we need immigration reform now more than ever
Schumer: Russia’s role in Snowden’s escape will have serious consequences for relations with U.S.
Schumer: We should have a draft immigration bill by the end of the week
Schumer: We’re getting close to a Gang of Eight deal on immigration
Schumer: “Illegal immigration will be a thing of the past”
Schumer’s immigration compromise: Pass a bill now but let it take effect in 2017
Schumer’s media-shield proposal: Shielding what from whom?
Schwarzenegger 2016?
Science fiction comes alive as researchers grow organs in labs
Science shoud be more self-correcting than it is
Science: Cats think you’re just a big, stupid cat
Scientist: Fracking is the only way to achieve Obama climate change goals
Scientists must do more agitating against global warming
Scientists plan lie detector for tweets
Scientists suggest dark matter played a role in the dinosaurs’ demise
Scientists warn: Melting Arctic is a ticking economic time bomb
Scientists wonder: Which video games are the most addictive?
Scientists: All Europeans are related if you go back just 1,000 years
Scientists: By 2047, coldest years may be warmer than the hottest in the past
Scientists: Millions face starvation as world warms
Scientists: Risk of supervolcano eruption big enough to affect the world is greater than thought
Scientists: Women could evolve out of menopause
Scientists: “Functional cure” for HIV possible with early treatmemt
Scotland Yard’s secret weapon: The “super recognizers”
Scotland secession could lead to re-Balkanization of Europe
Scott Brown launching exploratory committee for New Hampshire Senate seat
Scott Walker backs path to citizenship for illegals
Scott Walker is the perfect Republican candidate (on paper)
Scott Walker is the real Republican presidential contender to watch
Scott Walker knocks Mitt Romney in his new book
Scott Walker knows how to beat unions — what else can he do?
Scott Walker on death threats and Paul Krugman’s hypocrisy
Scott Walker opposes government shutdown over ObamaCare
Scott Walker signs bill making it harder to change Native American mascots
Scott Walker supports a path to citizenship
Scott Walker to tea party: Focus on beating Democrats, not Republicans
Scott Walker treads his own path on ObamaCare
Scott Walker, 2016 dark horse?
Scott Walker, 2016, and the Young Republicans
Scott Walker, eyeing 2016, faces fallout from probes as ex-aide’s e-mails are released
Scott Walker: Call Obama’s sequester bluff by letting him choose which cuts to make
Scott Walker: Christie, Paul 2016 talk is “a disservice” to the GOP
Scott Walker: D.C. Republicans don’t have a plan
Scott Walker: I’m open to possibilities in 2016
Scott Walker: Paul Ryan’s budget deal was worthy of a governor
Scott Walker’s message to D.C. this weekend: I’m not Chris Christie
Scott Walker’s position on abortion: “I don’t obsess with it”
Scott Walker’s stealth 2016 strategy: Lie low until 2015, then pounce
Scott Walker’s tax cuts build resume, divide state
ScuzzWorld: You can hide from vulgarity today, but the sleaze squads will find you
Sean Penn: Maybe we should have Ted Cruz committed
Search for Edward Snowden on presidential jet angers Bolivia
Search is on among environmentalists for a GOP climate convert
Seattle dive bar becomes first to ban Google Glasses
Seattle’s budding economy: Pot tourism
Sebelius asks for investigation of flawed ObamaCare website
Sebelius on ObamaCare: “This is not a bait-and-switch”
Sebelius on hot seat amid rising angst over ObamaCare rollout
Sebelius refuses to testify at congressional hearing on ObamaCare rollout
Sebelius standing firm despite calls to resign
Sebelius, Congress should take ObamaCare bailout off the table
Sebelius: Healthcare.gov will remain a work in progress after November 30
Sebelius: Hey, at least the “data hub” part of the ObamaCare site is working well
Sebelius: Obama didn’t know of Obamacare website woes beforehand
Sebelius: There’s no evidence unemployment will rise under ObamaCare
Sebelius: We need comprehensive immigration reform to boost ObamaCare enrollment
Sebelius: Why yes, some people will pay more for insurance under ObamaCare
Sebelius: “I don’t work for” the people who want me to resign
Sebelius’s announcement: Mental health parity requirements for health insurers
Sebelius’s coffee with Ezra Klein
Secession movement in New York pushes Big Apple to split from upstate
Second Hillary Clinton aide got special “status” at State Department
Second look at Chinese authoritarianism?
Second look at a $15 minimum wage?
Second look at a grand bargain?
Second look at a media-shield law?
Second look at compassionate conservatism?
Second look at eating eyeballs?
Second look at giving children the vote?
Second look at legalized polygamy?
Second look at legalizing heroin?
Second look at communism?
Second look at inflation?
Second suicide bomber in Russia’s Volgograd kills 14 on bus
Second wave of ObamaCare disruption affects small businesses
Second-year start of ObamaCare enrollment pushed back one month — until after 2014 midterns
Secret Defense Dep’t studies find flaws in U.S. missile shield
Secret Pentagon move keeps Bin Laden records in the shadows
Secret cause of political apathy: Longer commutes?
Secret contract tied NSA and security industry pioneer
Secret legal review: Obama has broad power to order preemptive cyberstrike
Secret to codebreaking: Dyslexia?
Secret to making whiskey taste better: Grass and green lights?
Secret to popularity of “Walking Dead”: Economic unrest?
Secret “Innocence of Muslims” order caused Google to go ballistic
Securing Syria’s chemical weapons means putting boots on the ground
Securities law expert on Matt Bevin’s TARP letter: “There’s an argument that he actually violated the law”
Security expert: Attacker can host any content under Healthcare.gov umbrella
Security threat from Yemen complicates Obama’s Guantanamo plan
See no evil: Obama’s wrong if he thinks the threat from Al Qaeda is receding
Seeing red: What the White House should do now about Syria’s chemical weapons
Seeing threats, feds target instructors of polygraph-beating methods
Seeking an accomplice: Why Obama went to Congress on Syria
Seeking sanctions relief, Iran prepares nuclear concessions
Seinfeld, the devil, and rights: A conversation with Antonin Scalia
Selective outrage over the media’s poor coverage of the Boston bombing aftermath
Self-made jihadis: All you need is a meat cleaver
Selling amnesty to the House GOP is going to be mighty tricky
Sen. Barrasso: White House is using “duct tape and chicken wire” to make ObamaCare fly
Sen. Graham: Anyone who causes a shutdown will be my enemy for life
Sen. Heitkamp: Keystone pipeline backers “optimistic”
Sen. Leahy files amendments to include gay couples in immigration bill
Sen. Paul says he’s focused on making GOP bigger, not taking Cruz’s approach
Sen. Tom Coburn to resign at the end of this Congress
Sen. Tom Harkin visits Cuba, is pretty impressed with its public health system
Senate Democrats betting on family dynasties to win red states
Senate Democrats close in on Iran sanctions bill
Senate Democrats eye immigration blitz after recess
Senate Democrats propose increasing IRS budget
Senate Democrats seek ObamaCare balance
Senate Democrats struggle to defend health-insurance promises
Senate Democrats to huddle with Obama on immigration today
Senate Democrats to introduce first budget in four years on Wednesday
Senate Democrats wonder: How can we pressure the House into passing amnesty?
Senate Democrats: Obama’s ObamaCare fixes aren’t enough
Senate Democrats’ 2014 hopes keep getting dimmer
Senate Democrats’ budget: This is what we spent four years waiting for?
Senate Democrats’ donor-friendly global warming show
Senate Dems allow extra hearing on immigration bill in bid to ease opposition
Senate Dems hiding their budget proposal, reportedly includes $1 trillion in tax hikes
Senate Dems moving to rush amnesty bill to floor while public is distracted by scandal?
Senate Dems to resurrect UN treaty opposed by home schoolers
Senate Dems want CEO for Healthcare.gov
Senate Dems’ budget: $1 trillion in new taxes
Senate GOP aiming for longer-term solution on shutdown and debt-ceiling than House
Senate GOP braces for nuclear option on filibuster
Senate GOP looking to build a case against Jack Lew?
Senate GOP power hangs in the balance of today’s Supreme Court NLRB case
Senate Intelligence panel staffers took secret CIA papers years before agency discovered them missing
Senate Judiciary Committee set to approve Feinstein’s assault weapons ban
Senate Republicans divided on own sequester replacement plan
Senate aides: Odds of a bipartisan bill on background checks are improving
Senate all over the map on Syria
Senate choice could help Christie mend GOP ties
Senate confirms Janet Yellen to head the Fed
Senate filibuster rules change could backfire on Democrats
Senate friendship born of tragedy overcomes partisanship
Senate gearing up to tackle gun control again?
Senate group near deal on background checks for most private gun sales
Senate immigration gang frustrates GOP efforts to bolster border enforcement
Senate immigration group mulling “biometric” ID cards for all U.S. workers
Senate intel report: Benghazi attack was preventable
Senate intelligence panel could seek to declassify NSA documents. It just doesn’t.
Senate intelligence panel sharply split on surveillance reforms
Senate passes first budget in four years on 50-49 vote
Senate plan for illegals: Ten years for green card, then three for citizenship
Senate plan to militarize border draws backlash
Senate reaches deal to accelerate votes on House “defund” bill
Senate ready to make moves on gun control
Senate rules for radicals
Senate seats that could flip in 2014
Senate skips details in rush to pass immigration bill
Senate staffers slipped secret CIA documents from agency’s headquarters
Senate to rework and narrow a Syria resolution
Senate’s Gang of Eight ready to announce immigration deal
Senator Ashley Judd for 2014? I wouldn’t bet on it
Senator Squatter? Heller won’t give up office space
Senator: Obama administration secretly suspended military aid to Egypt
Senator: U.S. soldiers being killed by terror groups backed with U.S. money
Senators discuss revising 9/11 AUMF
Senators draft resolution to limit Syria action to 90 days, no boots on the ground
Senators to release bipartisan proposal for new Iran sanctions
Senators try to sack NFL’s non-profit status
Send the House home, Mr. Speaker
Sending troops to Syria would be a catastrophe
Senior GOP sources: “Clean” CR that funds ObamaCare could pass House with 180 GOP votes
Senior House GOP source: Debt deal may require Democratic help
Senior Russian official: Say, maybe it’s time to lift sanctions on Iran
Senior White House aides focused on shielding Obama from IRS issues
Senior al Qaeda figure leaves Iran amid a series of departures by terrorist suspects
Senior official: Paul’s filibuster won’t have any effect on drone policy
Seniors “brainwashed” by controversial scooter ads, doctor says
Sens. Rubio and Paul grapple with a hurricane named Ted
Sense and superstition: Why knocking on wood works
Sensible on weed
Sensitive Army database of U.S. dams compromised; Chinese hackers suspected
Sentenced to debt: Some tossed in prison over unpaid fines
September doesn’t need to be the last stand of ObamaCare opponents
Sequestageddon: Government-by-fake-disaster-movie
Sequester axe falls in Washington — but not on lawmaker salaries
Sequester cuts are a common-sense approach
Sequester cuts are here to stay
Sequester solidarity: Top Pentagon officials will return a share of their salaries
Sequestration is a long-term win for the GOP
Sequestration’s here to stay, so let’s learn to live with it
Seriously, Weiner: Quit
Seven awesome things that took less time than Healthcare.gov
Seven of nine key Syrian rebel fighter groups are Islamist
Seven questions about the Boston bombers
Seven ways the Saudis could make things very unpleasant for America
Seventy years later, high school holds its prom
Several hundred thousand opponents of gay marriage march in Paris to protest legalization of SSM
Sex at CPAC
Sex in the Senate: A salacious secret history of Capitol Hill
Sex is not our problem
Sex therapy experts: Weiner’s not cured
Sex, booze, and feminism
Sex-assault reports surge for military
Sexual assaults reportedly rampant during Egypt protests
Sexual reorientation therapy is not unethical
Shadow of Roe v. Wade looms over Court’s gay-marriage ruling
Shakespeare has a (parking) lot to answer for
Shame, shame: How lying affects men’s health
Sharpton: Obama has “discouraged us” from saying critics hate him because he’s black
Sharyl Attkisson staying at CBS, for now
Sharyl Attkisson tried to quit CBS a year ago
Sheila Jackson Lee: Writing executive orders for Obama to sign is “our number one agenda”
Sheila Jackson-Lee: The Constitution implies a right to health care and education
Sheila Jackson-Lee: The Constitution is 400 years old
Sheriffs who refuse to enforce gun laws are following Obama’s example
Sherman’s overreaction: Not being a thug doesn’t make you a hero
Shhh, don’t tell anyone: Hamas won
Shhhh: Green-friendly Europe consuming more coal
Shiite militias in Iraq begin to remobilize
Shocka: Networks avoiding the Gosnell trial
Shocker: Gay marriage polls poorly among Republicans
Shoe thrown at Rouhani in protests after Obama call
Shooting the Syrian elephant
Short of a deal, containing Iran is the best option
Short on graves, China turns to burials at sea
Should Alec Baldwin and Martin Bashir be fired?
Should American restaurants abolish tipping?
Should Christie resign as head of the RGA?
Should Europe fear Moscow’s missiles?
Should First Ladies work outside the White House?
Should Hillary testify about Benghazi again?
Should Republicans be carrying water for big business on immigration?
Should Tim Scott really have been invited to the March?
Should atheist politicians “come out”?
Should black boxes be installed in young drivers’ cars?
Should conservatives start sticking up for Bradley Manning?
Should democracies have monarchs?
Should doctors ask older people if they have guns at home?
Should domestic cats be eradicated?
Should every pro-lifer be a vegetarian?
Should hide-and-seek be an Olympic sport?
Should judges oversee the White House’s terrorist “kill list”?
Should married women change their names?
Should neo-Nazis be allowed free speech?
Should parents ask other parents about guns in the home?
Should parents be held liable for rapes at teen parties?
Should people from different political parties date?
Should pot be legal for dogs?
Should prosecutors insist on death for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev?
Should the Third Amendment prevent government spying?
Should the U.S. declare sovereignty over its lunar landing sites?
Should the U.S. deport Justin Bieber?
Should the feds go after gun buyers who fail background checks?
Should the world forgive atrocities?
Should we care that smart women aren’t having kids?
Should we live shorter lives to save the planet?
Should we still fear al Qaeda?
Should we vilify the rich?
Should you bring your mom and dad to a job interview?
Shut down ObamaCare, not government
Shut out: Dem senators shun Obama on trail
Shut up and shop this Turkey Day
Shutdown brings out Rand Paul’s softer side
Shutdown could last weeks
Shutdown ends — but will there be another?
Shutdown highlights basic fact: Most of government is “non-essential”
Shutdown looms over ObamaCare
Shutdown misstep: How Obama administration plan put country at risk
Shutdown negotiations shift from House to Senate
Shutdown odds rising as Obama, Congress entrench on spending
Shutdown or horse-trade: A dialogue on defunding
Shutdown over, Congress turns to Obamacare train wreck
Shutdown prevention: Backroom bargaining starts
Shutdown: A “touch-the-stove” moment
Shutdown: The five camps of House Republicans
Shutdowns have been frequent tools of policy. Just ask Reagan.
Siena poll: Weiner’s unfavorable rating hits 80%, highest ever in poll history
Sign-language interpreter at Mandela memorial says he’s schizophrenic, saw angels
Signing up for ObamaCare was more stressful than getting my PhD
Signs of a shift on immigration among GOP rank-and-file?
Signs of momentum shifting to protesters in Ukraine
Signs of trouble at Iran nuke talks
Silicon Valley doesn’t just help the surveillance state — it built it
Silicon Valley wants your guns
Silicon chasm: The class divide on America’s cutting edge
Simple question about U.S. troops in Afghanistan stumps officials
Sin, conscience, and gay marriage: A reply to Kirsten Powers
Sinners in the hands of an indifferent god
Six Obama admin sequester claims shot down by fact checkers
Six Obama pivots to jobs and the economy in three years
Six health-care demands
Six months later, State of the Union policy goals gathering dust
Six presidential campaign themes Hillary Clinton is test-driving
Six problems with the latest ObamaCare fix
Six questions about the ObamaCare mandate delay
Six reasons Obamacare will only get worse for Democrats
Six reasons to worry about the Iranian nuclear deal
Six reasons why men are falling behind women
Sixteen reasons why Hillary will win in 2016
Size doesn’t matter
Skinny Puppy seeks cash from feds for using its music in Gitmo interrogations
Skynet is born: Google making robots
Slew of changes to health-care law creates more confusion for consumers
Slideshow: The cost of revolution
Slowly but surely, Al Qaeda figuring out how to fight back against drones
Slut-shaming is bad, but the overreaction against it also hurts women
Small group health insurance “cancellations” — the next shoe to drop, but a more complicated one
Smart money still on governors for GOP nod in 2016
Smartest Girl Scout ever selling cookies outside a marijuana dispensary
Smartphone hacking comes of age, hitting U.S. victims
Smoking cigars by a mountain of napalm
Sneak preview: ABC’s Sunday interview with Wendy Davis even more softball than expected
Snow didn’t paralyze Atlanta. Racism did.
Snowden 2009: Leakers should be “shot in the balls”
Snowden and Assange: The romance of the contemporary fugitive
Snowden calls Russian-spy story “absurd”
Snowden could use a criminal trial in the U.S. to expose more classified information
Snowden denies spilling secrets to Russia, China
Snowden extradition battle in Hong Kong could go on for years
Snowden impersonated NSA officials, sources say
Snowden is a patriot, and Obama’s comments on Friday prove it
Snowden keeps outwitting U.S. spies
Snowden leak exposes cracks in contractor system
Snowden loses Russian asylum if he travels abroad, lawyer warns
Snowden made the right call in fleeing the U.S.
Snowden nominated by Norwegian lawmakers for Nobel Peace Prize
Snowden persuaded 25 NSA workers to give up passwords
Snowden prepares to meet with activists at Moscow airport
Snowden reveals more classified info to Chinese paper
Snowden revelations stir up anti-U.S. sentiment
Snowden says he reported NSA surveillance concerns up the chain before leaking
Snowden says he took no secret files to Russia
Snowden to Brazil: Grant me permanent asylum and I’ll help you fight U.S. surveillance
Snowden to U.S.: C’mon, stop treating me like a traitor
Snowden used low-cost tool to best NSA
Snowden watch: Why Putin is loving it
Snowden withdraws request for asylum in Russia
Snowden, Amash, and the isolationist peril
Snowden, through the eyes of a spy novelist
Snowden: I’m not responsible for the latest leak attributed to me — but maybe the government is
Snowden: Mass surveillance is making us less safe
Snowden: NSA engages in industrial espionage
Snowden Inc.
Snowden’s hypocrisy on Russia
Snowden’s lawyer: He’s incognito in Russia and moving about freely
Snowden’s legal adviser says leaker would “love” to return to America
Snowden’s mission, ideals have been subsumed by national politics
Snowden’s nightmare comes true: No serious backlash against NSA spying
Snowden’s tricky path to justice
So God made a fawner
So abortion will be an issue in 2014. Where could it make a difference?
So far, empty seats abound in Sochi
So long, self-government
So much for immigration reform
So much for the surveillance state
So what if Obama’s trying to destroy the GOP?
So what if Romney was right about Russia?
So what was the point of ObamaCare again?
So who will be the next ambassador to the Vatican?
So, Putin’s having a pretty good time at Obama’s expense, huh?
So, how’s Israel’s apology to Turkey working out?
So, looks like these Republicans were right about not being able to keep your plan if you like it
So, when will the Redskins change their name?
Sochi Games over, will Putin take the gloves off in Ukraine?
Social Security and Medicare are doing just fine
Social Security was never intended to be an “insurance” program
Social Security, Medicare still face the abyss
Social cons fight back: “We’re not the Libertarian Party, we’re the Republican Party”
Social conservatism’s last stand
Social conservatives are being thrown under the bus
Social immobility is eroding the American dream
Social networks can help predict gun violence
Socially conservative leaders upset with Chris Christie
Solitary confinement is a form of torture
Solitary confinement is cruel and ineffective
Solyndra 2.0
Some British schools consider banning packed lunches for students
Some D.C. exchange plans cover elective abortion but not hearing aids
Some Democrats want to outlaw the Washington “Redskins’” name
Some Dems ready to turn up the heat on Obama if ObamaCare website isn’t ready next week
Some GOPers see the IRS scandal as a means to a big end: Tax reform
Some Gitmo detainees resisting U.S. efforts to repatriate them
Some HHS officials knew small business exchange wouldn’t be ready, e-mails show
Some House Democrats wavering on immigration?
Some House Republicans coming around on path to citizenship for illegals?
Some Nebraskans’ premiums to triple under ObamaCare
Some ObamaCare enrollees finding it impossible to cancel their plans
Some Republicans don’t believe austerity is enough
Some Senate GOPers looking for a way out of shutdown
Some South Korean POWs still trapped in the North, 60 years after armistice
Some business groups starting to balk at immigration deal
Some consumers with canceled health-care plans being shifted to new ones without permission
Some hurdles from 2008 remain for Hillary
Some key questions in the NSA disclosures are still unanswered
Some medicine for the GOP in 2016
Some of Gitmo’s hardest cases to get a new look
Some on the right are going too far in their NSA criticism
Some people can’t be bothered with food
Some people don’t enjoy music
Some people get switched automatically to more expensive insurance plans under Obamacare
Some tea party groups didn’t donate to Cuccinelli either
Some things really do warrant comparisons to Nazis
Somebody has to be wrong about ObamaCare
Someday the world will thank Bush for shaking up the Middle East
Someone near you likes jihadi groups
Someone’s been sending GOP lawmakers a bizarre threat over the debt ceiling
Something Clinton this way comes
Sometimes the boss really is a psycho
Soon we’ll all be living in Ted Cruz’s Thunderdome or something
Soon, drones may be able to make lethal decisions on their own
Soon, even disconnected computers may face cyberthreats
Sophisticated Russian, Iranian technology is boosting Assad’s assault on Syrian rebels
Sorry China, you can’t hack a steakhouse
Sorry buddy, but I can’t afford to be your best man
Sorry ladies, you can’t even begin to have it all
Sorry liberals, ObamaCare’s problems go much deeper than the website
Sorry, Bill Richardson: Ted Cruz is plenty Hispanic
Sorry, Camille Paglia: Feminism is the best thing that ever happened to men
Sorry, Dems: Getting Texas to go blue won’t be easy
Sorry, GOP: Immigration won’t win you the Latino vote
Sorry, Marco Rubio: It’s too late to arm the Syrian rebels
Sorry, Mayor Ford, but drinking is not an excuse for smoking crack (or anything else)
Sorry, TNR: America’s legal system needs more justice, not more socialism
Sorry, but it’s not 1984
Sorry, but the Tunisian “sex jihad” is a fraud
Sorry, sisters, but women who get blind drunk are risking rape
Sorting out the Syrian opposition
Sotomayor issues temporary stay against ObamaCare’s contraception mandate
Source: Anthony Weiner paid for phony supporters at campaign events
Source: Controversial NSA program played no role in intercepting initial Al Qaeda chatter
Source: Huma Abedin considered leaving Weiner last fall
Source: Ken Cuccinelli asked Ted Cruz to work with Democrats to end shutdown
Source: NFL begins exploring Super Bowl XLIX relocation options
Source: Rand Paul already taking steps towards 2016 campaign
Source: Russia withheld details about Tsarnaev
Source: Snowden’s U.S. passport revoked
Source: Susan Rice “definitely” will succeed Tom Donilon as NSA
Source: Terrorists behind embassy threat already in place
Source: U.S. delays missile test as tensions with North Korea rise
Sources: 476,000 ObamaCare applications filed
Sources: Boehner won’t back immigration bill without majority Republican support
Sources: CIA pays AT&T $10 million each year to help surveil overseas terror suspects
Sources: Christie invited to join Rand Paul at campaign event for NJ candidate
Sources: Clintons’ patience growing thin with Anthony Weiner
Sources: Crime not ruled out in Texas fertilizer plant blast
Sources: DOT to announce mandate on “talking” cars
Sources: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev made money by selling drugs
Sources: ElBaradei tops list to head Egypt government
Sources: House GOP’s immigration principles will include “earned legal status” for illegals
Sources: Hundreds of Syria rebels pledge loyalty to Qaeda groups
Sources: Judge may have prematurely stopped Tsarnaev’s interrogation
Sources: NSA sucks in data from 50 companies
Sources: Robertson family thinks A&E should have tried to keep interview from going public
Sources: Ryan to reject Medicare age increase after all
Sources: Saudi Arabia could obtain nuclear weapons from Pakistan “at will”
Sources: Saudi Arabia offers Russia deal to scale back Assad support
Sources: The intelligence on chemical weapons is “not a slam dunk”
Sources: Top Clinton aide Cheryl Mills urging her not to run for president
Sources: Treasury was consulted on multiple occasions about timing of IRS disclosure
Sources: U.S. close to providing lethal aid to Syrian rebels
Sources: U.S. moving quickly to file charges against Snowden
Sources: U.S. weapons stolen in Libya raids, fueling Special Forces pull-out
Sources: U.S. weighs direct aid to Syrian rebels
Sources: White House has killed Iran sanctions in the Senate
South Africa, the nation that gave up its nukes
South Africa’s leadership deficit after Mandela
South American leaders demand apology in plane row over Snowden
South Carolina bill would make it a crime to implement ObamaCare
South Carolina sheriff refuses to lower flag in honor of Mandela
South Korea expands air defense zone to partially overlap China’s
South Korea expects missile launch by North later this week
South Korea has already won
South Korea says North launches three short-range missiles
South Korea to North: Re-open the Kaesong industrial park or else
South Korea’s appeasement is the real problem in handling North Korea
Southern whites’ shift to the GOP pre-dates the 1960s
Spain’s angry and unemployed young men
Spain’s been in the wrong time zone for seven decades
Spanish budget crisis: It’s come to this
Spare us the gun lecture, Harvey
Special Ops chief ordered Bin Laden corpse photos destroyed or turned over to CIA 11 days after raid
Speed-reading the Pope
Spending denialists and the fiscal illusion
Spies worry over “doomsday” cache stashed by Snowden
Spike Lee and other sentimental segregationists
Spike Lee sued over George Zimmerman tweet
Spike Lee’s racism isn’t cute
Spitballing Indy: George Lucas, Steven Spielberg, and the creation of Indiana Jones
Sportswriters Peter King, Bill Simmons stop using “Redskins”
Spotted: “Interns wanted” for Weiner for Mayor in NYC
Spox: Rubio believes American workers can compete with anyone
Springtime in Kiev or just another winter storm?
Spy agencies probe Angry Birds and other apps for personal data
Spy chief James Clapper: We can’t stop another Snowden
Spy fail: Why Iran is losing its covert war with Israel
Squishes, step aside: Ted Cruz’s and Chris Christie’s old-school manliness
Sriracha shortage? Maker says CA holding up shipments
St. Louis discovers easier way to reduce the crime rate than by reducing crime
Stability and chaos, hallmarks of presidential races, swap parties
Stand with Wendy death
Stand your ground on Stand Your Ground
Stand your ground with your phone
Standing up against wealth-shaming
Standoff in Cairo as army surrounds mosque full of Morsi supporters
Stanford law prof: The Second Amendment is about restricting gun rights
Stanley McChrystal: The U.S. should reinstitute the draft
Star Benghazi “witness” may not have been an actual witness
Starbucks CEO: Please don’t bring your guns into our stores anymore
Start a family and, before you know it, you’ll be voting for the GOP
Start the countdown on a New York Times sale
Starting this week, it’s harder to get an abortion in five states
Starting year six, does Obama finally own the economy?
State Department cautions Olympic athletes about wearing Team USA gear
State Department review: No environmental red flags from proposed Keystone pipeline route
State Department spent $630,000 on Facebook “likes”
State Department staffers forced to hold their own private ceremony to mark Benghazi anniversary
State Dept reporter wonders: Was papal election “free and fair”?
State Dept: Iran’s sponsorship of terrorism underwent a “marked resurgence” in 2012
State Dep’t asks designer of 3-D printable gun to remove plans from Internet
State Dep’t report lists six attacks in Benghazi last year before 9/11
State Dep’t scrambles to salvage Kerry’s meeting with Syrian rebel coalition
State Dep’t: No active Al Qaeda, Hezbollah cells in western hemisphere
State ObamaCare exchanges hitting data snags too
State judge legalizes gay marriage in New Jersey
State of the Union nonsense
State “recovery” is a figment of the blue imagination
State-wrecked: The corruption of capitalism in America
Statement on foreign government’s 2011 request for information on Tamerlan Tsarnaev
States join battle over drone flights
States lag far behind on ObamaCare enrollment
States need “navigators” for insurance exchanges — and hiring them is a huge task
States report low health insurance enrollment numbers
Statesmanship requires voting yes on Syria
Statistical model: Democrats currently have a one percent chance of retaking the House
Statistically, who’s the greatest person in history?
Stats of the year, 2013
Stay home, America
Stay out of Syria
Stay the hell home!
Stay-at-home dad: Why my wife is embarrassed by me
Stay-at-home dads will never become the norm
Stay shocked
Stephanie Cutter: No regrets about accusing Romney of possibly committing a felony
Stephen Breyer and Ruth Bader Ginsburg could do liberalism a favor by retiring now
Stephen Hawking lays out case for Big Bang without God
Stephen Hawking’s Israel boycott is lost in space
Steve King: Donate to me to stop Karl Rove
Steve King 2016?
Steve Schmidt still doing what Steve Schmidt does
Steve Schmidt: Republican campaigns will change on gay marriage
Sticker shock hits health exchange shoppers
Sticks and stones may break your bones, but “illegal immigrant” won’t hurt you
Still more questions than answers on nerve gas in Syria
Stolen nuclear material recovered in Mexico; thieves who took it will likely die
Stone cold obsession: Wall Street’s love affair with curling
Stone tools helped shape human hands
Stop ObamaCare’s outrageous bailouts
Stop asking if Republicans of the past could make it in today’s party
Stop bashing Twitter
Stop blaming Obama for Ukraine
Stop blaming the tea party. It’s the moderate Republicans’ fault.
Stop blaming video games for mass shootings
Stop calling Obama aloof!
Stop calling them “entitlements”
Stop complaining about “rate shock”
Stop demonizing Hillary!
Stop freaking out about $8-a-gallon milk
Stop freaking out about the NSA
Stop giving the Boston bombers the notoriety they crave
Stop hating on fair-weather fans
Stop live-tweeting people’s private conversations
Stop lying: Four libertarian things we tell pollsters that we don’t really believe
Stop smearing tea partiers as racist
Stop telling me I’ll change my mind about not wanting kids
Stop the bailout, now
Stop the crocodile tears. We don’t care about Syria.
Stop the metaphors: There are no comparisons — ObamaCare stands alone
Stop the privileges for government officials
Stop the leaks
Stop undermining the fight against gun control by blaming video games
Stop warping Ronald Reagan’s foreign policy
Stop worshipping whistleblowers
Stop-and-frisk saves lives
Stopping the new Todd Akins
Store in besieged Kenyan mall was run by attackers or associates
Story of Kim Jong-un using dogs to execute his uncle likely orginated as satire in China
Straight talk: Young women in college need to smarten up and start husband-hunting
Strange bedfellows: Left and right groups unite in pro-amnesty coalition
Strategists to GOP: Restrain yourselves on debt ceiling
Strike Iran now to avoid disaster later
Strikes on Syria signal an emboldened Israel
Stuck at the bottom
Student debt flunking many first-time home buyers
Student loans are ruining the economy
Students want Ben Carson replaced as commencement speaker after gay marriage remarks
Study IDs reasons for late-term abortions
Study finds chronically ill will be underinsured on ObamaCare exchanges
Study shows concealed-carry laws result in fewer murders
Study: 15% of late teens, young adults neither working nor in school
Study: A broken heart can really kill you
Study: Abortion rate at lowest point since 1973
Study: All 107 of the United States’ nuclear reactors are vulnerable to terrorism
Study: Allowing people to stay in existing insurance plans unlikely to disrupt exchanges
Study: Anti-vaccine tweets are “contagious”
Study: Atheists have higher IQs
Study: Average life expectancy of New Yorkers rose with influx of immigrants
Study: Babies display schadenfreude towards people who are different
Study: Bad behavior gets “paid forward” even more than good
Study: Birth month can affect baby’s health
Study: Boys with sisters more likely to be Republicans
Study: Buying more stuff makes you less happy
Study: Childless men may be more depressed, lonely than childless women
Study: Children with obese mothers more likely to die before 55
Study: Choose dads with smaller ‘nads
Study: Cocktails could prevent you from getting sick
Study: Couples without children have happier marriages
Study: Criminal exonerations at a record level
Study: Deep-voiced chief executives are more successful
Study: Diet soda drinkers end up consuming more calories
Study: Drinking milk during pregnancy may lead to taller children
Study: Effectiveness of U.S. drone strikes doubtful
Study: Employees who smoke cost $6,000 more per year
Study: Facial plastic surgery doesn’t make people more attractive
Study: Fairness may have its roots in spite
Study: Father’s diet may affect offspring’s development
Study: Fewer married American women are having children
Study: Fewer men leads to more babies in poor areas
Study: Fliers more fed up than ever before
Study: Four times as many people in China than in Mexico want to immigrate to U.S.
Study: Giving white people the illusion of darker skin makes them less racist
Study: Global anti-Semitism rises by 30 percent
Study: Global temperatures highest in 4,000 years
Study: Half the people who buy their own health insurance would qualify for federal tax credits
Study: Hangovers get better with age
Study: Happiness peaks at ages 23 and 69
Study: Having daughters and sisters makes men more generous
Study: Having daughters makes parents more likely to be Republican
Study: Heading a soccer ball can cause brain damage and affect thinking
Study: Higher levels of homeownership can kill jobs
Study: Humans are too selfish to fix climate change
Study: Humans can sense ten basic smells
Study: If moms argue with their friends, kids will too
Study: Illegal immigrants not deterred by threat of arrest
Study: Illegal immigration may be on the rise again
Study: Internet strengthens institution of marriage
Study: It’s social ties, not religion, that make the faithful give to charity
Study: Kids who show intelligence early are more likely to drink and use drugs
Study: Later retirement may help prevent dementia
Study: Let’s curb obesity by taxing calories
Study: Life span for some American women is shrinking
Study: Loneliness twice as unhealthy for older people as obesity
Study: Long commutes shorten lifespans
Study: MTV show “16 and Pregnant” helping to lower the birth rate among teens
Study: Married cancer patients are twenty times more likely to beat the disease
Study: Men and women have different regrets after sex
Study: Men want women to chip in on dates but are afraid to ask
Study: Men who drink heavily lose their memories faster with age
Study: Men who idealize large breasts are more likely to be hostile toward women
Study: Men with attractive wives are more satisfied in marriage
Study: Minimum wage would be $21.72 if it kept pace with productivity
Study: Mixing alcohol with diet soda will get you drunker than mixing it with regular soda
Study: Monogamy makes you stupider
Study: More people worldwide have access to cell phones than to toilets
Study: Most children learn to swear before they learn the alphabet
Study: Most late-night comedy punchlines this year target Democrats
Study: Nearly 15% of adults don’t believe in bisexuality
Study: Nearly half of Syrian rebels are jihadis
Study: Nearly half of black men, 40% of white men are arrested by age 23
Study: News coverage of female candidate’s appearance damages her chance of winning
Study: No, vaccines aren’t linked to autism
Study: ObamaCare could cause one million low-income Americans to move from work to welfare
Study: ObamaCare to raise claims cost by 32 percent
Study: Obamacare threatens 3.2 million small business jobs
Study: Obamacare’s insurance tax to impose hundreds of dollars of costs on individuals and families
Study: Oscar losers die faster
Study: People are mean to their unattractive coworkers
Study: People have more sympathy for abused puppies than for abused adult humans
Study: People in vegetative states do recognize family and friends
Study: People who believe in hell are less happy
Study: People with aristocratic names are more likely to be promoted
Study: People with mental illness more likely to be smokers
Study: Pinching pennies is good for your dating life
Study: Porn may not be such a bad influence on sexual behavior
Study: Rich people aren’t entirely selfish and awful
Study: Sentimental films make you more liberal
Study: Sixty billion alien planets could support life
Study: Smoking pot makes you less motivated
Study: Staying uninsured cheaper than Obamacare for young
Study: Straight women and gay men are the most natural allies
Study: Stuxnet strengthened Iranian nuclear program
Study: Surge of brain activity may explain near-death experience
Study: Taller women more likely to get cancer
Study: Tea-party rallies had major impact on 2010 midterms
Study: The conservative baby boom will lift the GOP
Study: The later you stay up, the more you eat
Study: The more sex you have, the more money you make
Study: The more teens are yelled at, the worse they behave
Study: The pain of bullying can last into adulthood
Study: Third-hand smoke exposure as dangerous as smoking
Study: To feed four billion more, skip eggs, meat, and milk
Study: To spot kids who will overcome poverty, look at babies
Study: Too much media could hurt marriage
Study: Twitter can predict elections
Study: U.S. poverty rate decreased over past half-century thanks to safety-net programs
Study: U.S. teens no longer getting fatter
Study: Uninsured patients get better care than insured
Study: Upward mobility in U.S. hasn’t declined over the past 20 years
Study: Waste could fund 45,000 years of White House tours
Study: Watching porn makes mean men more sexist
Study: We lose about five days to slow-loading computers every year
Study: Wearing a kilt could make your sperm stronger
Study: What kind of men go to prostitutes?
Study: When a state becomes more liberal, drinking increases
Study: Women abused as kids more likely to have children with autism
Study: Women less likely to get involved in politics, seek office
Study: Women who fake orgasms are more likely to cheat on their partner
Study: Women who have sex by age 16 have nearly three-fourths of all abortions
Study: Women’s breasts age faster than the rest of their body
Study: You know in your gut if your marriage will be a happy one
Study: Young e-cigarette users are less likely to quit smoking
Study: Your Facebook “likes” reveal more than you think
Stunned Republicans react to canceled vote
Stuxnet infected … the International Space Station?
Stuxnet’s secret twin
Stymied by socialist policies, French start to quit France
Sudden improvements in Egypt suggest a campaign to undermine Morsi
Suddenly, all politics is municipal
Suicide rate rises sharply in U.S.
Sunday at the atheist church
Sunday morning bomb at Christian church in Pakistan kills at least 75
Super PAC preparing for Hillary candidacy beefs up fundraising wing
Supercomputer takes 40 minutes to create super-detailed model of one second of brain activity
Supervisors of Navy Yard gunman were told of issues
Supporter of Iranian dictatorship brought Hagel to Rutgers University for 2007 speech
Supporters of Arizona’s religious freedom bill are lying about what the law does
Supporting a ban on medical marijuana means supporting socialized medicine
Supreme Court agrees to hear Aereo case
Supreme Court could deal a triple blow to Big Labor
Supreme Court halts gay marriage in Utah until appellate court has ruled on the matter
Supreme Court may need to decide how private a cellphone is
Supreme Court rejects challenge to NSA telephone surveillance — for now
Supreme Court strikes down Arizona law requiring proof of citizenship to vote
Supreme Court to hear challenge to ObamaCare’s contraception mandate
Supreme Court to mull right to lie in political attacks ads
Supreme Court weighing public school graduation in a church
Supreme Court: Companies can patent synthetic genes, but not natural ones
Supreme Court: To use affirmative action, schools must first prove race-neutral alternatives can’t produce benefits of diversity
Surprise force in new Egyptian government: Hardcore Islamists
Surprise: CMS number two, who oversaw website development, to retire
Surprise: Editor of Time magazine leaving to join Obama administration
Surprise: Egyptian election monitors see ballot-stuffing, bribes in vote on new constitution
Surprise: Hollywood’s only conservative group is getting close IRS nonprofit scrutiny
Surprise: Insurers push Obamacare payment deadline to late January
Surprise: Jon Corzine to face no charges for the collapse of MF Global
Surprise: New Egypt appointments so far going to advocates of military rule
Surprise: New ObamaCare delay on the way to help vulnerable midterm Democrats
Surprise: News coverage of gay marriage skews heavily towards support
Surprise: Secret memos reveal Pakistani leaders backed U.S. drone strikes for years
Surprise: Some Reid staffers exempt from Obamacare
Surprise: Syrian rebels getting Libyan weapons
Surprise: TV ratings for SOTU hit 14-year low
Surprise: White House delayed enacting rules before 2012 election to avoid controversy
Surprise: White House stretches ObamaCare enrollment deadline again
Surrender in Geneva
Surveillance-court judges oppose White House group’s NSA proposals
Survey says: ObamaCare is causing small businesses to drop coverage, cut hours
Survey: 14% of adults aged 24 to 34 still live with parents
Survey: 34% say First Amendment goes too far in protecting rights
Survey: 35% of Chinese say the U.S. is their ideal country
Survey: Almost 90% of Internet users have taken steps to avoid surveillance
Survey: Americans exercising less in 2013
Survey: Americans still prefer a male boss
Survey: Americans who smoke suffer emotionally
Survey: Americans’ desire to shed pounds exceeds actual effort
Survey: Americans’ eating habits worsening in 2013
Survey: Americans’ views of health-care quality, cost, and coverage
Survey: Are illegal immigrants overwhelmingly Democrats?
Survey: Awareness grows of online insurance exchanges — and their problems
Survey: Desire for children still the norm in U.S.
Survey: Doctors are skeptical and confused about ObamaCare
Survey: Economy would benefit if marriage rate in U.S. increased
Survey: Even food is polarizing in America these days
Survey: Fast food still major part of U.S. diet
Survey: Fewer Americans reported healthy eating in 2013
Survey: Fewer blacks in U.S. see bias in jobs, income, and housing
Survey: How libertarians fit in the GOP
Survey: How the Muslim world believes women should dress
Survey: In U.S., strong link between lack of church attendance and smoking
Survey: Major driver of spending patterns in U.S. is having children
Survey: Mississippi is the most religious state, Vermont the least
Survey: More uninsured planning to get insurance from ObamaCare exchanges
Survey: Most U.S. libertarians don’t identify with the tea party
Survey: Most in U.S. still want marriage, but its importance has dropped
Survey: Most people would still work even if they won millions
Survey: Most religious Americans support a path to citizenship for illegals
Survey: Nearly half of young Christians support legalizing pot
Survey: Nearly half of young southern Europeans are underemployed
Survey: Nearly quarter of men in Asia-Pacific admit to committing rape
Survey: North Dakota leads in job creation for fifth straight year
Survey: Not as many U.S. states lean Democratic in 2013
Survey: Number of uninsured in U.S. rises on eve of ObamaCare exchange launch
Survey: One in four Americans don’t know that Earth revolves around the sun
Survey: Online trolls are “everyday sadists”
Survey: Only 10% of Harvard students have any financial education
Survey: Only one-third of Americans say most people can be trusted
Survey: Partisan historical assessments of Obama, Bush differ most
Survey: Showrooming affecting U.S. retail surveys
Survey: Single-parent households struggle more to buy food
Survey: Support for gay marriage up 21 points in 10 years
Survey: TV is still Americans’ main source of news
Survey: Troops oppose strike on Syria by 3-1 margin
Survey: U.S. Catholic Hispanic population growing smaller, less religious
Survey: U.S. crime is up — but most Americans don’t seem to have noticed
Survey: Women know less about politics than men worldwide
Survey: Worldwide, richest 3% hold one-fifth of income
Survey: Young Americans least familiar with healthcare law
Survey: Young adults living at home less likely to be “thriving”
Survey: Zero conservatives selected to deliver 2013 commencement speeches at Ivy Leagues
Survived a bombing in Lebanon? There’s an app for that
Surviving the Westgate mall attack
Susan Collins rebukes House Republicans over ObamaCare standoff
Susan Collins to vote yes on Toomey/Manchin background-checks bill
Susan Collins’s fiscal compromise leaves Democrats exposed
Susan Collins’s plan emerging as Senate GOP’s choice on shutdown and debt ceiling?
Susan Rice and the retreat of American power
Susan Rice returns to the CIA talking points
Susan Rice says administration “quite confident” Congress will okay Syria action
Susan Rice the frontrunner for national security advisor?
Susan Rice: A hopeless choice for a hopeless second term
Susan Rice: NSA leaks didn’t weaken Obama
Susan Rice: No regrets on initial Benghazi interviews
Susan Rice: U.S. will seek triggers to reimpose sanctions on Iran
Susana Barracuda: Does a bigger stage await Martinez?
Susana Martinez battles in New Mexico to repeal law granting driver’s licenses to illegals
Suspected U.S. shooter had “secret” security clearance, employer says
Suspense mounts: What will Obama get the royal baby?
Suspension won’t be removed for five-year-old grilled over cap gun who then peed his pants
Sustainable nuclear fusion breakthrough raises hopes for ultimate green energy
Swedish court: Public masturbation is not a crime
Swiss immigration vote raises alarm across Europe
Symposium: Can any good come from the shutdown?
Syria accuses Turkey of supplying rebels with chemical weapons
Syria accuses rebels of using chemical weapons
Syria and the return of dissent
Syria beginning to break apart from pressure of war
Syria chemical weapons team to probe nearly 50 sites
Syria could be Obama’s real headache
Syria could make Obama’s problems with Republicans worse
Syria could turn out to be Iran’s Vietnam
Syria crisis reveals uneasy relationship between Obama, nation’s military leaders
Syria fallout: Hillary now seen as a stronger leader than Obama
Syria fighting rages, more chemical attacks reported
Syria has now been ceded to Iran
Syria hawks McCain, Kerry, and Hagel: All veterans of a small war that got out of control
Syria is disintegrating and the West needs to act
Syria is not Iraq
Syria isn’t Iraq. It’s worse.
Syria jihadists’ hand strengthened by West, rebels say
Syria on track to miss deadline to destroy chemical weapons
Syria opposition group shaken by rebel rejection
Syria poses first big test for Obama’s second-term team
Syria prepares for U.S. attack, vows army and Hezbollah will strike back
Syria presents a constitutional moment
Syria pushes to keep its chemical weapons factories
Syria resolution could stall Congress’s work on divisive domestic issues
Syria resolution will be a “very tough sell” in Congress, lawmakers say
Syria says it will allow UN to inspect site of suspected chemical weapons attacks
Syria strike debate splits conservative defense hawks
Syria strike may hinge on Pelosi
Syria tells you everything you need to know about Barack Obama
Syria to Secretary Kerry: You’re lying
Syria to miss deadline for moving chemical weapons
Syria versus Kosovo
Syria vows to repel any U.S. attack
Syria will be Obama’s Iraq
Syria will require more than crusie missiles
Syria, an edge for Obama in the upcoming fiscal showdown?
Syria, shattered
Syria: Foreign jihadis responsible for polio outbreak
Syria: It’s come to this
Syria: John McCain’s next Libya
Syria: Outrage is not a strategy
Syria: The only red line should be to stay out
Syrian Electronic Army hacks U.S. Marines website
Syrian civil war creeps closer to Damascus
Syrian deputy FM: Israeli strike a “declaration of war”
Syrian government minister: We won
Syrian jihadis reportedly recruiting visiting Americans to attack U.S.
Syrian jihadist group splits after leader pledges support for Al Qaeda
Syrian media: “The start of the historic American retreat”
Syrian military shows strain in a war it wasn’t meant to fight
Syrian opposition admits liberals to anti-Assad coalition
Syrian opposition leader quits out of frustration with west
Syrian opposition not happy with Kerry’s new compromise with Russia
Syrian opposition won’t attend “peace” talks unless rebels get arms
Syrian rebel commander after U.S. delay: “The revolution is dead”
Syrian rebel general backs Obama’s decision to go to Congress
Syrian rebel general grapples with disarray in his ranks
Syrian rebel infighting undermining anti-Assad effort
Syrian rebel leader has yet to hear from Washington about new military support
Syrian rebel leader’s flight a “big problem” for U.S.
Syrian rebels behead Catholic priest while men and children watch and cheer
Syrian rebels break with group over alliance with Al Qaeda alliance
Syrian rebels getting ready for the second civil war
Syrian rebels kill dozens of Shi’ites in eastern town
Syrian rebels make new push on Assad’s Alawite heartland
Syrian rebels report new shipments of heavy weapons, credit U.S. influence
Syrian rebels take historic Christian town of Maalula
Syrian rebels urged to let UN inspectors visit chemical weapons sites
Syrian rebels vow to pounce on Assad’s forces if U.S. attacks
Syrian rebels wonder: Has the west forgotten us?
Syrian rebels: Assad used chemical weapons again yesterday
Syrian sarin claims undermined by eyewitnesses
Syria’s Islamists disenchanted with democracy after Morsi’s fall
Syria’s Islamists seize control as moderates dither
Syria’s Islamists assemble
Syria’s Sunni rebels launch cross-border attack against Hezbollah in Lebanon
Syria’s chemical stockpile easy to find, hard to get to
Syria’s jihadist Nusra Front is taking control
Syria’s opposition rebels to appoint new leader amid fears of radical Islamist involvement
Syria’s real threat: Biological weapons
Syria’s rebels are turning on each other, and that’s not a bad thing
Syria’s rebels feel hung out to dry by U.S.-Russian deal
Syria’s uncertain air defenses
Syria’s uneasy Christians feel both sides closing in
System to vaporize dangerous asteroids is in the works
T. Rex poo heads to the Smithsonian
TMZ surprised to discover new Pope is Catholic
TSA launches Pre-Check program to reduce waiting time for trusted travelers
Tahrir Square now home to an organized campaign of sexual assaults
Taiwan: China could launch successful invasion by 2020
Take away Syria’s chemical weapons
Take it from a clown: A real clown wouldn’t mock Obama
Take it from me, IPAB will fail
Take two photos and call me in the morning
Taking back the arts from government
Taking outsized role in Syria, Qatar funnels shoulder-fired missiles to rebels
Taliban extending its reach across Pakistan
Taliban kill six Americans in Afghanistan
Taliban lay siege to NATO air base in Kabul in early morning assault
Taliban peace talks already turning into a fiasco for U.S.
Taliban says talks over U.S. soldier’s release have been suspended
Taliban taking girls back to school
Taliban wonder: Where’s Mullah Omar?
Talk like a Neanderthal
Tamerlan Tsarnaev received $5,566 in college aid
Taming the tax code beast
Taming the megabanks
Tangled in Obamacare fight, GOP senators wonder: How did this happen?
Tapering without tears: How to end QE3
Tapper: Christie is getting more scrutiny for Bridgegate than Hillary for Benghazi
Tapping the promised land: Can Israel be an energy giant?
Target announces it will drop part-time employees from its health-care plan
Tavis Smiley: “Black people will have lost ground in every single economic indicator” under Obama
Tax credit bonanza for illegal immigrants?
Taxes on some wealthy French top … 100% of income
Taxpayers have spent $14,196 for each ObamaCare enrollee
Tea Party groups eager, GOP unsure on possible Palin Senate bid
Tea Party groups ramp up fight against immigration bill as August recess looms
Tea Party now covering news for the Washington Post
Tea Party warrior Justin Amash becomes high-profile target in GOP civil war
Tea Party, Democrats team up to block lawmakers looking for gun perks
Tea partiers debate new shutdown
Tea party at the crossroads
Tea party congressmen restless over immigration and gun control bills
Tea party group will primary 87 Republican “traitors”
Tea party groups are making and spending millions, but not on candidates
Tea party groups prepare to sue IRS
Tea party leader: Media apologized for not taking IRS targeting seriously last year
Tea party less dead than advertised at CPAC
Tea party poll: Ted Cruz, Rand Paul at the top; Chris Christie and Jeb Bush, dead last
Tea party splits on security, civil liberties
Tea party still needed to prevent GOP lurch toward big government
Tea party unscathed in early GOP civil war
Tea-party candidates miss endorsements from Senate idols Rand Paul and Ted Cruz
Tea-party congressmen suddenly find themselves being primaried
Tea-party troika rivals GOP leadership in Senate
Teachers as armed guards in Michigan
Team Clinton started talks on 2016 run night of Obama’s victory
Team Romney quite enjoying Christie’s misfortune
Team Rubio kneecaps conservatives over immigration bill
Tearing down the conservative echo chamber
Tech companies urge lawmakers to reform NSA programs
Tech company CEO: We could have built the ObamaCare site better at a fraction of the cost
Tech experts on Healthcare.gov repairs: “It’s going to cost a lot of tax dollars to get this done”
Tech experts: Better to just start over from scratch on ObamaCare website
Tech titans ban together to try to limit government surveillance
Techies already adding DIY facial recognition, surreptitious photo-taking to Google Glass
Technical, logistical, and political problems complicate Obama’s plan for NSA reform
Technology could save us from ObamaCare
Technology failures grow all too common in government projects
Ted Cruz 2016 speculation grows after visit to New Hampshire is announced
Ted Cruz again refuses to back John Cornyn
Ted Cruz ally: Rand Paul’s supporters raising questions in Iowa about Cruz’s eligibility
Ted Cruz and and the lesson of Dunkirk
Ted Cruz and how the Left whitewashes its own radicalism
Ted Cruz assails fellow Republican senators for trickery
Ted Cruz challenges Biden to debate on guns
Ted Cruz changes his mind about ObamaCare
Ted Cruz comes out swinging
Ted Cruz easily wins Values Voter Summit straw poll
Ted Cruz filled the Republican leadership vacuum, then burned his bridges
Ted Cruz for president? Not so fast
Ted Cruz forces GOP leaders to vote for bill they wanted to pass
Ted Cruz gets an earful from angry Senate Republican colleagues
Ted Cruz in legal process to renounce Canadian citizenship
Ted Cruz is Rand Paul’s most dangerous foreign-policy critic
Ted Cruz is a legitimate 2016 threat [link fixed]
Ted Cruz is calling time-out on his role at NRSC — for now
Ted Cruz is hurting the cause he stands for
Ted Cruz is just getting started
Ted Cruz is on a path to the White House
Ted Cruz isn’t sure if he’d block a vote on Senate deal
Ted Cruz is winning
Ted Cruz makes nice with Senate colleagues
Ted Cruz may be doing more damage to the GOP than Democrats are
Ted Cruz may be unwittingly boosting Rand Paul’s brand
Ted Cruz might just have won the future for the GOP
Ted Cruz needs a lesson in GOP history
Ted Cruz on immigration: The path to citizenship is a poison pill for the House
Ted Cruz praises Obama for calling off Syria vote
Ted Cruz punches back
Ted Cruz returns to Texas as a conquering hero
Ted Cruz seeks to make peace with Rand Paul
Ted Cruz seriously considering a run for president
Ted Cruz thunders into a new year while fellow Republicans seek softer tone
Ted Cruz to House: Stand firm, Republicans will win
Ted Cruz to conservatives: Hold Senate Republicans “accountable” for this lousy deal
Ted Cruz to join congressional delegation in attending Mandela’s funeral
Ted Cruz to make first visit to early presidential primary state
Ted Cruz to renounce Canadian citizenship
Ted Cruz vs. Marco Rubio on immigration?
Ted Cruz vs. the left: McCarthyism on both sides
Ted Cruz won’t endorse John Cornyn
Ted Cruz, Harvard Law outsider
Ted Cruz, House Republicans meet to talk strategy
Ted Cruz, John Kerry leave ‘em laughing at the Gridiron Dinner
Ted Cruz, Paul Ryan, and the debt ceiling
Ted Cruz, originalism, and the “natural born citizen” requirement
Ted Cruz, the GOP’s Obama
Ted Cruz, the Senate’s new lightning rod
Ted Cruz, the minority maker
Ted Cruz, the populist egghead
Ted Cruz, the anti-Rubio?
Ted Cruz, traitor to his class
Ted Cruz/Rand Paul rivalry simmers as paths and styles diverge
Ted Cruz: 2013 person of the year
Ted Cruz: A vote for cloture on the House CR is a vote for ObamaCare
Ted Cruz: I oppose gay marriage but it’s a matter best left to the states
Ted Cruz: It’s not in U.S. interests to strike Syria
Ted Cruz: It’s saddening to watch the president take advantage of Sandy Hook
Ted Cruz: It’s the American people who’ll get us out of this mess
Ted Cruz: My foreign policy views are between McCain’s and Paul’s
Ted Cruz: Obama should use the SOTU to apologize to the nation
Ted Cruz: Political anarchist or genius?
Ted Cruz: The new voice of the GOP?
Ted Cruz: Yes, Harvard Law did have Marxists
Ted Cruz: “I’m a big fan of Rand Paul, but I don’t agree with him on foreign policy”
Ted Cruz’s dad: These RINOs are killing us
Ted Cruz’s donors are satisfied customers
Ted Cruz’s filibuster is mainly about getting the Senate to listen to the people
Ted Cruz’s grassroots: The new Reagan Revolution?
Ted Cruz’s newest fan: James Carville?
Ted Cruz’s next battle
Ted Turner: “Men should be barred from political office” for 100 years
Teen births plummet to record low
Teen disqualified from science fair on procedural formality after building … a nuclear reactor
Teen employment hits record lows
Teen jailed for Facebook comment reportedly beat up behind bars
Tehran and Washington: Unlikely allies in an unstable Iraq
Tehran tanking
Tehran’s booming Latin alliance
Tell the baseball druggies: One strike and you’re out
Tempers flare inside GOP as Obamacare defunding fight escalates
Ten ObamaCare talking points to ruin your Thanksgiving
Ten immigration questions for the Gang of Eight
Ten public-employee unions ask Tribune Company not to sell papers to Koch brothers
Ten questions Obama won’t be asked at today’s press conference
Ten reasons why so many people are moving to Texas
Ten things to consider about the business of “Duck Dynasty”
Ten years on, Paul Wolfowitz admits U.S. bungled in Iraq
Ten years on, the case for invading Iraq is still valid
Tennesse judge: “Messiah” is fine as a first name for a baby boy
Tens of thousands of ObamaCare “navigators” getting hired
Tension between rebel groups intensifies in Syria
Terrible candidates, awful campaign take Virginia from bellwether to sideshow
Terrible news: College grads taking jobs that they don’t really want
Terrific: Conservative groups bankrolling ObamaCare attack ads … against Republicans
Terror raid fallout: Libya demands explanation for “kidnapping” by U.S. forces
Terror threat opens new front in NSA debate
Terrorist links led U.S. military to cut ties with Syrian opposition leader
Terrorists and mass shooters: More similar than we thought
Terrorists try changes after Snowden leaks, official says
Terry McAuliffe pulling away in Virginia
Terry McAuliffe, the Redskins, and the big lies of liberalism
Terry McAuliffe’s Solyndra
Tesla is worse than Solyndra
Tesla slams Chris Christie for banning direct car sales in New Jersey
Tesla takes on car dealers in a fight to the death
Test run no. 2: Healthcare.gov’s invisible health plans
Testing time for Syria’s rebels
Tests suggest baby born with HIV may be cured
Texas 2016 poll: Ted Cruz is king
Texas Democrats: Standing up to the people and the powerless!
Texas Dems hope Wendy Davis is a winner for them, even if she loses the election
Texas Republicans gear up for abortion battle
Texas Tea Party challengers fizzle
Texas and California: A tale of two oil states
Texas clinics halt abortions after court ruling
Texas judge orders brain-dead pregnant woman removed from life support
Texas judge orders “affluenza” teenager to get treatment
Texas justice goes soft on executions
Texas plant explosion: 12 now confirmed dead, more than 200 injured
Texas running out of execution drug pentobarbital
Texas vs. California, Perry vs. Brown
Texas: Greg Abbott 50, Wendy Davis 35
Texas’s ban on gay marriage ruled unconstitutional
Thank you for data-mining
Thank you, Commander Bell
Thank you, Hobby Lobby
Thank you, Ray Kelly
Thanks in part to GOP, Chuck Schumer’s stock is on the rise
Thanks to Brian Schweitzer, Republicans’ Senate chances have improved dramatically
Thanks to ObamaCare, America has joined the developed world
Thanks to Paul, the Senate’s finally woken up to the war on terror’s “Battlefield America”
Thanks to aging population, it’s all downhill from here for U.S.
Thanks to the NSA, America may not control the Internet forever
Thanks to the digital revolution, a conservative uprising can rally its troops
That Cyprus bailout deal isn’t as unfair as it looks
That RNC “autopsy” isn’t very useful
That gun vote certainly was spineless
That military threat against Syria worked out pretty darned well
That story about Obama wanting Marines to wear “girly” hats is nonsense
That was the week that was
That wasn’t a coup in Egypt, it was an impeachment
Thatcher was right, the Left was wrong
Thatcher’s revolution: Making success fashionable again in Britain
That’s not a robot, that’s my girlfriend
Thaw? U.S. and Iran inching towards direct talks for first time in decades
The (really) do-nothing Congress
The 10 most outrageous government boondoggles I ever saw
The 10 nightmare cities where no one wants to drive
The 100 coolest Americans
The 12 Democratic holdouts on immigration
The 12 types of people you find in news website comments
The 2005 screenwriting book that’s taken over Hollywood — and made every movie feel the same
The 2012 election was not a mandate
The 2012 election — by pay
The 25 least influential people of 2013
The 29 stages of a Twitterstorm
The 47 percent can be Republicans too
The 51st state: North Colorado?
The 80s called. Do we want their foreign policy back?
The 9/11 Truther who changed his mind
The 98-pound weakling
The A-Rod problem
The AFL-CIO: ObamaCare’s useful idiots
The Acela Republican
The Afghan endgame
The America that works: Fracking succeeds while ObamaCare flounders
The American dream erased: Homeownership at 18-year low
The American way of birth, the costliest in the world
The American way of death, as seen through greeting cards
The American way with guns
The American who tells Russians how bad things are in America
The American precariat
The Apple show trial
The Arab Spring is not over
The Arab Spring started in Iraq
The Arab Spring will be back
The Arizona debacle was another unforced error
The August recess should scare fans of immigration reform
The Awlawki/Tsarnaev connection
The B.S. police: Inside the skeptic movement
The BDS threat
The BSA and gays: A lesson from the Scouts’ own book
The Baucus to Beijing gambit: How to keep a Democratic Senate
The Bay of Pigs’ unfinished battle
The Belarusian connection: ObamaCare network vulnerable to cyber attack
The Beltway choom gang decides not to enforce another law they don’t like
The Benghazi attack: A challenge to the official version of events
The Benghazi controversy means Hillary may need a Democratic primary in 2016
The Benghazi e-mails’ backside-covering
The Benghazi transcripts: Top officials briefed Obama on “attack,” not video or protest
The Benghazi lie
The Benghazi patsy
The Bin Laden shooter goes to Washington
The Bloomberg presidency: How Obama favors the priorities of the elites
The Boomer bust
The Boston bombers, Rand Paul, and the use of drones against terrorists
The Boston bombing victim in the iconic photo helped identify the attackers
The Boy Scouts dilemma
The British health-care system has reached its crisis point
The Brits have some of your phone records too, thanks to NSA
The Bush character, four years later
The Bushies’ case for war
The CBO versus the Gang of Eight
The Calvin Coolidge lesson on taxes and spending
The Case of the Itsy Bitsy Teeny Weeny Bikini Top v. the (More) Itsy Bitsy Teeny Weeny Pastie
The Chamber of Commerce vs. America
The Cheney brand is dead
The Cheney gay-marriage split mirrors the GOP’s
The Chinese economic crash is coming
The Chinese hacked both the Obama and McCain campaigns, officials say
The Christian case for marriage multiplicity
The Christie backlash
The Christmas pageant as a GapKids ad
The Christopher Dorner fan club is more mainstream than you might think
The Cincinnati lie
The Citizen of the World presidency
The Clinton dramas: Here we go again
The Clintons are showing leadership by goading Obama into Syria or something
The Clintons sure do love their money
The Cold War is over. Welcome to the Cool War.
The Colorado recall elections: When the little guy wins
The Colorado recalls: A serious blow to gun-control advocates
The Cornyn con
The Cruzification of Marco Rubio
The Cruz birthers
The Cruz threat
The Cyprus bank run: Is the rest of Europe next?
The DOJ and S&P: Payback for a downgrade?
The DOJ/AP scandal: Another reminder that what the press cares most about is itself
The DOJ’s probe of James Rosen is disturbing, says … David Axelrod
The Dalai Lama’s capitalist contradictions
The DeMint/McConnell feud: A history
The Democratic National Committee is practically broke
The Democratic Party’s uphill path to 270 electoral votes in 2016
The Democratic majority is doomed
The Democratic message: We are the smart people here
The Democrats’ 2013 drop-off problem
The Democrats’ 2014 whitewash
The Democrats’ Colorado conundrum
The Democrats’ crusade against “un-American” activities
The Democrats’ dumb Koch strategy
The Democrats’ naked power grab
The Democrats’ outbreak of lawlessness
The Democrats’ well-oiled money machine
The Democrats’ worst nightmare
The Democrat’s guide to talking politics with your Republican uncle
The Don Draper of pot
The Dutch don’t care about marriage
The Dutch experiment with legalized prostitution has been a disaster
The Dutch rethink the welfare state
The F-word is everywhere
The FBI didn’t need a Miranda exception to question Tsarnaev about ticking bombs
The FDA’s ghoulish cigarette labels
The FISA Court is even worse than you thought
The FISA court needs judicial review
The Fed has become a creature of politics
The Federal Reserve is insanely profitable
The Five: Hollywood has abandoned their “principled” anti-war stance
The Founding Fathers were younger than you think
The Francis factor: Pope’s economic ideas rattle GOP
The Free Syrian Army is splintering
The French indoctrinate their kids early and often
The French president’s tryst and the end of marriage
The French disconnection
The GOP and Bush’s legacy: Part two
The GOP and Hispanics: What the future holds
The GOP and the Bush legacy
The GOP and the tea party: A war that might happen
The GOP base would rather take out Republican incumbents than beat Democrats
The GOP congressman who destroyed Obama’s sequester scare story
The GOP establishment and the tea party need to stop fooling themselves
The GOP establishment strikes back
The GOP establishment’s incoherence on government shutdowns, ObamaCare, and the debt limit
The GOP goes to Main Street
The GOP isn’t learning from its mistakes
The GOP isolationist myth
The GOP needs a scientific revolution
The GOP needs to get over Ronald Reagan
The GOP needs to talk about Bush
The GOP nomination is now completely up for grabs
The GOP plan to balance the budget by 2023
The GOP primary is a lot like the NCAA tournament
The GOP revival must go beyond joining Twitter
The GOP sets its sights on the Senate in 2014
The GOP should lead the fight against the Patriot Act
The GOP should speed ObamaCare’s demise. Right now, it’s not.
The GOP should stand firm against drug legalization
The GOP should support Obama on Syria
The GOP thinks Obama is bluffing on the debt ceiling
The GOP wanted to shut down ObamaCare, not the government, and now they’ve done the opposite
The GOP’s Hispanic opening
The GOP’s Latino problem
The GOP’s ObamaCare flippers
The GOP’s ObamaCare paradox
The GOP’s and Fox’s political purge
The GOP’s biggest advantage: Time
The GOP’s campaign talent gap
The GOP’s comedy gap
The GOP’s grandfather weapon against ObamaCare
The GOP’s gun-control filibuster threat is giving cover to Senate Democrats
The GOP’s immigration delusion
The GOP’s in better shape than you think
The GOP’s leadership reform challenge
The GOP’s low identification rate — and what to do about it
The GOP’s midterm enthusiasm advantage, in two charts
The GOP’s new immigration deal makes no sense
The GOP’s new primary schedule could hurt its most promising candidates
The GOP’s principled suicide
The GOP’s real Ted Nugent problem
The GOP’s self-defeating “defunding” strategy
The GOP’s undeserved comeback
The GOP’s unworkable plan to defund ObamaCare
The GOP’s uphill path to 270 in 2016
The GOP’s “just get to 270″ electoral strategy needs a complete overhaul
The GOP’s “strong conservative” electoral fantasy
The Gang of Eight bill: Expect fake toughening
The Gang of Eight: Not dead yet
The Gang of Eight’s huge border security loophole
The Gang of Eight’s peculiar strategy
The George Bush I know
The Golden Gated communities
The Gosnell horror: We’ve forgotten what belongs on page one
The Gosnell trial doesn’t warrant nonstop coverage
The Great Divider likes political speech only when it likes him
The Great Recession has been followed by a Grand Illusion
The Hagel Democrats
The Herbalife war: Congress, lobbying, and a billion-dollar bid to destroy a business
The Hillary fantasy: Writing off Obama by building a pedestal no leader can live up to
The Hillary fascination: She’s a rock star only because people keep calling her one
The Hillary papers and the death of the mainstream media
The Hillary papers: Archive of “closest friend” paints portrait of ruthless First Lady
The Hillary papers: Reliving history — and learning from it
The Hillary bandwagon
The Hillary standard
The Hispanic vote is a sleeping political giant. It might never wake up.
The Holder-Jindal collision
The Hollande affair: Are the French becoming more puritanical?
The Hollywood tax story they won’t tell at the Oscars
The Holocaust: FDR’s indelible failure
The House GOP’s debt-limit plan is a slap in the face to Paul Ryan
The House GOP’s incredible, amazing discovery: Most Americans aren’t entrepreneurs
The House Republican plan to delay ObamaCare
The House shouldn’t allow a conference committee with the Senate on the Gang of Eight bill
The House will slow the Senate’s rush to pass the immigration bill
The House’s abortion game-changer
The House’s immigration dilemma
The HuffPo-ization of conservative news sites
The Huma craze
The IOC jeopardized the safety of athletes and fans in awarding Games to Putin’s Russia
The IRS and the drive to stop free speech
The IRS cannot plead incompetence
The IRS has created eight offices to enforce ObamaCare
The IRS ignores their disclosure deadline
The IRS scandal and Obama’s culture of intimidation
The IRS scandal and the “broken windows” theory of government
The IRS scandal is far worse than Watergate
The IRS scandal started at the top
The IRS scandal: A battering ram becomes a stonewall
The IRS scandal: Citizens, not customers
The IRS scandal: There’s a fly in my soup
The IRS targeted conservatives because it could
The IRS wants you — to share everything
The IRS was dead right to scrutinize tea-party groups
The IRS’s behavior taxes credulity
The IRS’s tea-party targeting: An apology, but no explanation
The Internet after Snowden
The Internet is a surveillance state
The Internet: Where all news is created equal
The Iran deal bears Obama’s personal stamp
The Iraq war did not lead to ObamaCare
The Iraq war is not over
The Iraq war made ObamaCare possible
The Iraq war’s fair-weather hawks reveal an emptiness at the heart of American power
The Islamist enemy of our Islamist enemy
The Israel card has been overplayed
The JFK assassination industry
The JFK fascination
The Jarrett file: What we know about Obama’s secret advisor
The Jason Collins story: When is the ticker tape parade?
The Jetson fallacy: Much longer lifespans could explode the nuclear family
The John Kerry Republicans
The Justice Department investigated a NYT reporter last year too
The Kennedy curse: Why JFK mesmerizes Democrats even now
The Krispy Kreme Sloppy Joe sandwich. Yes, it’s real.
The Kurtz Republicans
The LBJ delusion: Why Obama can’t just have his way with Congress
The Laurel and Hardy presidency
The Liberal Gun Club: The un-NRA
The Libertarian States of America
The Lois Lerner defense
The Lois Lerner state
The London terror attack was more than “unforgivable”
The Louisiana heist
The Louvre closes due to … pickpocket gangs?
The MacGuffinization of American politics
The Maliki slapdown
The Manchin/Toomey defeat heralds trouble for Senate Democrats
The Mandarinization of America
The March on Washington created a legacy of opportunity
The Marines must adapt to survive
The Medicaid time bomb
The Miami Dolphins’ bullying scandal is a stew of our cultural preoccupations
The Middle East’s kings of cowardice
The Minnesota Vikings must change their name
The Muslim Brotherhood will be back
The Muslim Brotherhood’s assault on the arts
The Muslim Brotherhood’s dream is turning into a nightmare
The Muslim Brotherhood’s war on Coptic Christians
The Muslim civil war: Standing by while the Sunnis and Shiites fight it out invites disaster
The NAACP wants Rand Paul to speak
The NCAA should be begging players to form a union
The NFL’s nasty warrior culture
The NRA won. Now comes the hard part.
The NRA’s no-compromise strategy
The NSA abused our trust and must be reined in
The NSA can sift through about 75 percent of U.S. Internet traffic
The NSA can’t tell the difference between an American and a foreigner
The NSA doesn’t need much phone data to know you’re you
The NSA has punished analysts over privacy violations
The NSA is still violating our rights, despite what James Clapper says
The NSA is watching. So are Google and Facebook.
The NSA isn’t the IRS
The NSA machine: Too big for anyone to understand
The NSA needs an independent inspector general
The NSA revelation could be devastating for Obama
The NSA uproar shows we’re ready for the war on terror to be over
The NSA squirrel!
The NSA’s critics are overreaching by focusing on its activities abroad
The NSA’s impossible position
The NSA’s surveillance is unconstitutional
The NY Times is ready to cover Chris Christie exactly how they covered Mitt Romney
The NYPD is guilty of saving 7,383 lives
The NYT: Wrong again about Benghazi
The Navy’s amazing ocean-powered underwater drone
The Navy’s first humanist chaplain?
The New American Center: Why our nation isn’t as divided as we think
The New Republic returns to its roots as a cheerleader for state power
The New York Times whitewashes Benghazi
The New York Times’s eliminationist rhetoric
The New Yorker’s embarrassing attack on Clarence Thomas
The Obama M.O.: I think, therefore you do
The Obama administratin’s incompetence is historic
The Obama administration’s electric-car mistake
The Obama and Christie scandals: A tale of two media
The Obama doctrine in Egypt: Speak softly and carry no stick
The Obama doctrine: Speak loudly and carry a small stick
The Obama era, brought to you by the Iraq war
The Obama magic fades
The Obama presidency: Aiming low, missing greatness
The Obama scandals’ case for limited government
The Obama surveillance revelations are pushing liberals over the edge
The Obama “recovery”: Less unemployment, but more dependence
The Obama-Bush nexus
The Obama-Schumer war on immigration reform
The ObamaCare buck finally stops
The ObamaCare cottage industry: Nice work if you can get it
The ObamaCare delay: But won’t people die?
The ObamaCare enrollment numbers released next week won’t tell us much
The ObamaCare exemption: None dare call it treason
The ObamaCare insurance delay isn’t legal
The ObamaCare lie that can’t be fixed
The ObamaCare lobbying bonanza
The ObamaCare lock-out effect
The ObamaCare money under the couch
The ObamaCare nightmare scenario
The ObamaCare sign-up scam
The ObamaCare slippery slope: “What’s your hardship?”
The ObamaCare speech he never gave
The ObamaCare spin machine revs up
The ObamaCare wars are just starting
The ObamaCare we deserve
The ObamaCare “death spiral” scenario is about the states, stupid
The ObamaCare “fix” is illegal
The ObamaCare disaster
The ObamaCare dozen
The ObamaCare mess
The ObamaCare whiners
The Obamacare bunker mentality
The Obamaian universe
The Obamas visit the immigration fasters
The Obama blockade
The Onion was wrong but it shouldn’t have apologized
The PR nightmare on Pennsylvania Avenue
The Pandora’s box of surveillance
The Pentagon is razzmatazzing you about those big bad Chinese hackers
The Pentagon wants the smallest army since World War II
The Pentagon’s problem with proselytizing
The Ph.D bust: America’s awful job market for young scientists
The Philadelphia inquisition
The Pope and the right
The Pope gets on the line, and everyone is talking
The Pope is no radical
The Pope’s tolerance towards gays is no shock
The Postal Service is on its last leg
The Prop 8 decision: Subordinating the people to government
The Putin doctrine: Building up Russia by tearing down the U.S.
The RNC debate “threat” is either a bluff or a blunder
The RNC immigration push has its skeptics
The RNC is harming freedom of the press by objecting to NBC/CNN’s Hillary movies or something
The RNC is right: These NBC/CNN Hillary movies are a bad idea
The RNC’s new idea for immigration reform is terrible
The RNC’s war on clowns
The Rand Paul moment
The Rand machine ramps up
The Republican Party is destroying America
The Republican Party isn’t really the anti-science party
The Republican Party needs an RLC
The Republican Party needs to master the message
The Republican Party’s class act
The Republican Party’s pot dilemma
The Republican civil war is getting bloodier
The Republican embrace of the welfare state
The Republican health policy trainwreck
The Republican party is not “electorally damaged”
The Republican presidential contender whom everyone’s overlooking
The Republican reality check begins
The Republicans have a Steve King problem
The Republicans’ new primary calendar is rigged
The Republicans’ “defund ObamaCare” disorder
The Republican advantage
The Republican “reformation”
The Right’s undeserved stigma of violence
The Rodney Dangerfield House Republicans
The Royal Baby is more than a tabloid curiosity
The Rube Goldberg Democrats
The Rubio-Obama immigration kabuki continues
The SCOTUS ruling the GOP really wants
The Saudis are mad? Tough
The Saudis spread their ideas around the world. Why don’t we?
The Scott Walker scandal snoozer
The Second Amendment might need some revisions
The Senate Democrats are protecting the corporate jet loophole
The Senate gun-control vote probably won’t affect the midterms
The Senate has a deal on unemployment insurance
The Senate is giving small states more power than they deserve
The Senate is going to pass immigration reform. And the House doesn’t care.
The Senate’s immigration vote is 2006 all over again
The Sharpton boycott
The Sharyl Attkisson approach
The Silicon Valley oligarchy comes to Washington
The Snowden effect: Fear in corporate America
The Snowden era of journalism
The Snowden ultimatum
The Sochi Olympics and the facade of Russian progress
The South Carolina governor’s race is the hottest ticket in town
The Speaker reaps what the Speaker sows
The State Department is actively trolling terrorists on Twitter
The State of the Union exposed Obama’s ideological fatigue
The State of the Union is a disgraceful spectacle
The State of the Union is: We need Hillary now
The State of the Union curse
The State of the Democrats
The Supreme Court can use a soap-opera case to stop federal overreach
The Supreme Court doesn’t resolve the wrongs of affirmative action
The Supreme Court has no jurisdiction to decide gay marriage
The Supreme Court should not preempt a democratic debate by ruling for gay marriage
The Supreme Court’s political option on gay marriage
The Syria strategy vacuum
The Syrian civil war is entering a second, darker phase
The Syrian interventionists want us to go to war. They’re wrong.
The Taliban goes broke
The Taliban is playing Obama
The Taliban peace movement
The Ted Cruz effect: How one man destabilized the government
The Ted Cruz media blackout
The Ted Cruz effect
The Texas abortion experiment
The Texas growth machine
The Thanksgiving guide to making conservative arguments liberals can understand
The Tsarnaevs’ welfare tab is just the beginning
The U.S. and China: A “special relationship” in the making?
The U.S. could become the world’s most populous country — by opening its doors to immigration
The U.S. has a foreign-policy partner in Iraq
The U.S. has more guns, but Russia has more murders
The U.S. has much, much more oil and gas than thought
The U.S. has tragically misplayed Syria
The U.S. insurance model doesn’t work
The U.S. is enabling Assad
The U.S. is on track for a lost decade
The U.S. job market is dead in the water and not getting better
The U.S. lags in math, reading, and credit cards
The U.S. makes crises in Ukraine and Syria worse by not planning for them
The U.S. may never play global anchor again
The U.S. middle class is turning proletarian
The U.S. must take strong action against Russia’s aggression
The U.S. needs a new Greatest Generation
The U.S. needs to act against the persecution of Christians
The U.S. needs to fight Al Qaeda in Iraq
The U.S. needs to show Egypt some tough love
The U.S. should help Mideast moderates
The U.S. shouldn’t cut aid to the new Egyptian government
The U.S.-Russian deal: A victory for Assad
The U.S.-Saudi alliance is in danger of collapsing
The U.S.-Saudi crackup reaches a dramatic tipping point
The UAW’s worker problem
The UnAffordable Care Act
The United States of weakness
The Upton bill isn’t a “fix,” it’s an attack on ObamaCare
The Voting Rights Act decision: A gift to Democrats from the Roberts Court
The WMD fixation
The War on Terror isn’t over because Obama says so
The Washington Red Clouds: A team name to honor a great warrior and leader
The Weiner timeline: His deceptions continued in 2012 and 2013
The Weiner-Sanford comeback playbook
The West has lost control of the world and disaster awaits
The White House agrees: You shouldn’t go to jail for unlocking cell phones
The White House can’t delay ObamaCare’s employer mandate forever
The White House is complicit in Egypt’s bloody crackdown
The White House is right, Bob Woodward will probably regret this
The White House isn’t very loyal to Joe Biden, is it?
The White House press corps accomplishes very little, access to Obama or no
The White House that never was: A behind-the-scenes tour of the would-be Romney administration
The White House’s stimulus jobs chart: A final appraisal
The Woolwich jihadis should be tried for treason
The World War II Memorial shutdown: A symbol of government malice
The X factor in Mark Sanford’s attempted return to Congress: Stephen Colbert
The Zimmerman case: A touch of sanity
The abandoned anti-war Democrat
The abortion truce trap
The absentee commander-in-chief
The abysmal, pathetic ObamaCare rollout
The academic boycott of Israel is a travesty
The academy’s war on free thinking
The age of American impotence
The age of paranoia: From the IRS to the NSA, Americans have reasons not to trust the Obama Administration
The age of intolerance
The agony of Frank Luntz
The all-seeing state
The ambitions of Ted Cruz
The amnesty next time
The angriest site on the Internet
The anti-GOP narrative: Loaves and fishes
The anti-anti-democrats of Cairo
The anti-establishment establishment
The anti-snobbery of “Downton Abbey”
The anus monologues
The appeal of Islamic radicalism
The archipelago of pain
The argument for “marriage equality” is not a conservative one
The arrogance of a well-fed society
The art and politics of “Zero Dark Thirty”
The art of the possible
The assassin at my door
The atheist’s guide to Christmas
The autocrat accountants
The average person thinks they have a better diet than the average person
The axis of torpor
The bad apple president
The bad news is wrong
The bad-faith presidency
The balm of gun control
The banality of bias: Journalists are awfully liberal, Arendt they?
The banality of the RINOs
The battle is joined
The battle of the Redskins
The battle of 2014
The battle over Scott Walker’s school voucher expansion plan is shaping up
The battle within the Democratic Party
The bed Obama and Kerry made
The beginning of the end for Hezbollah
The bell curve of online dating
The benefits of intransigence
The best choice for pope? A nun
The best definition of conservatism
The best hope for France’s young? Get out
The best policy towards Kim Jong-un may be to humor him
The best red line for a nuclear Iran
The best way to deal with jerks? The silent treatment
The best- and worst-run states
The best-dressed man of 2013: Pope Francis
The big chide: What will the post-Obama international order look like?
The big difference between Marco Rubio and Rand Paul
The big winner from Christie’s scandal: Jeb Bush?
The biggest crisis of Obama’s presidency
The biggest failure of ObamaCare: Increasing the number of uninsured
The biggest loser of 2013: America’s political class
The biggest threat to the economy could come from outer space
The bionic bicep
The bizarre stories of the four other popes to have resigned in the last 1,000 years
The bizarre, misguided campaign to get rid of single-sex classrooms
The blame-righty mob falls silent over Christopher Dorner
The bloody company that Hollywood keeps
The blowback: Retaliating for the retaliation
The blurry lines between Syria’s civil war and the bloodshed in Egypt
The bottom line: Assad crossed the red line and will continue to rule
The brave new world of same-sex marriage
The broadband empire and the game of drones
The brutality cascade of China’s cyber warfare
The buck stops there: A bystander presidency
The buck stops with you on this ObamaCare website disaster, Mr. President
The budget deal is a godsend to GOP senators
The budget deal is a small step in the right direction
The budget fight and Obama’s vindictive streak
The budget sequester is a success
The budget showdown ends up a comedy of small differences
The budget wars: How about a 50% solution?
The bully in the U.S. Senate
The business of altruism
The campaign political stunt that led to ObamaCare
The cancer of optimism
The case against working at home
The case against grades
The case against isolationism
The case for American propaganda
The case for Manning’s gender reassignment in prison
The case for cutting off aid to Egypt
The case for female SEALs
The case for foreign aid
The case for legalizing horse meat
The case for overkill on nuclear programs
The case for picking an American pope
The case for tribalism in politics
The case for “socialized law”
The case for polygamy
The case for snooping
The case of the missing white voters, revisited
The case of the phantom phone vibration
The caste: Meet the men and women who really run the world
The cause of partisan bitterness? Competent political competition
The center cannot hold
The challenges facing Hillary Clinton
The changing face of Christian politics
The childless city
The citizen-of-the-world presidency
The civil war has begun
The clattering train
The climate is changing for global warming reporters
The climate-change guilt trip
The clock’s ticking on Obama’s climate-change agenda
The closing of the scientific mind
The coalition of the unwilling
The coddling of college hate-crime hoaxers
The coldest yard
The collapsing of the American skull
The college-for-all model isn’t working
The comedy stylings of Phil Robertson
The coming GOP amnesty sellout push
The coming GOP civil war over climate change
The coming GOP foreign policy slugfest
The coming ObamaCare bailout
The coming ObamaCare recession
The coming ObamaCare shock
The coming Sino-Japanese war: Pick a scenario
The coming attempt to impeach Obama
The coming battle over the ballot box
The coming clash of civilizations over gay rights
The coming collapse of the Gulf monarchies
The coming failure of “accountable care”
The coming global wealth tax
The coming liberal meltdown and how it may save the Democratic majority
The coming of the “cat cafe”
The coming war in the Middle East
The coming Hillarycult
The common thread in Obama’s scandals: Abuse of power
The complicated legal backstory of Terry McAuliffe and GreenTech Auto
The congressman who went off the grid
The connection between Boston and Europe’s train bombers
The conservative alternative to ObamaCare
The conservative backlash against Chris Christie, and why it matters
The conservative case against the flat tax
The conservative case for gay marriage
The conservative case for universal health coverage
The conservative shift in public opinion has happened in all 50 states
The contradictions of liberal populism
The controversial language of gay rights
The cost of crying racism
The costs and benefits of the NSA
The country that makes Saudi Arabia look good
The cowardice of Wendy Davis
The coward’s conundrum
The criminal NSA
The crisis in Crimea could lead to a new Cold War
The crowd’s video evidence from Boston deputized the nation
The crucial differences between Bush and Obama’s NSA phone surveillance programs
The cruelest pregnancy
The cry of the true Republican
The cult of outrage: Offensiveness as a marketing tactic
The culture war is all Obama has left
The culture war was never a fair fight
The cyber-war against the media
The dam bursts on Benghazi
The danger of Hillary Clinton fatigue
The danger of repeating the cycle of American isolationism
The danger of what Edward Snowden has not revealed
The dangerous drift towards world war in Asia
The dangerous “thigh gap” trend
The dangers of Russian exceptionalism
The dark side of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, carefully masked
The dark side of clearing America’s rape-kit backlog
The dark side of the “war on the one percent”
The dark side of antibiotics
The dark side of verbs-as-nouns
The data proves Cuccinelli could have won — if he’d focused on abortion
The dating world of tomorrow
The daughter theory of conservatism
The day America lost Asia
The day after Assad wins
The day distance disappeared
The day the music died in Mali
The day we pretended to care about Ukraine
The de Blasio victory: Escape from New York
The dead’s envy for the living
The deal with Iran is a terrible one for the west
The death of gun control
The death of the bedside manner
The death of the political middle, in one chart
The death of the family
The death of writing and its impact on our politics
The death of “Star Wars”
The death of blogs?
The death of expertise
The debate Obama never wanted
The debate over access to Plan B: Prude or prudent?
The debate over spying will be secret too
The debt ceiling could hit sooner than anyone thinks
The debt-ceiling surrender
The decline and fall of Piers Morgan
The decline and fall of the Obama-media industrial complex
The decline and fall of France
The decline of party allegiance
The decline of the Obama presidency
The decline of the civil-rights establishment
The decline of Wikipedia
The decline of college
The deep historical roots of IRS corruption
The deeper blame for Benghazi
The default has already begun
The defection of Edward Snowden
The deficit reduction we deserve
The defunding distraction
The delayed attack on Syria is good for Britain — and the PM
The desperate life of Carlos Danger
The despicable Dennis Rodman
The difference between Bill Clinton and Chris Christie
The digital threat to the political class
The diminishing returns of a college education
The dirt on “Government Motors”
The dirty little secret of green cars
The dirty secret of Black Friday “discounts”
The disastrous campaign to rid the Middle East of Christianity
The discrimination tax
The disenfranchisement of rural America
The disestablishment of marriage
The dishonest gun-control debate
The divide: America’s distrust of the Beltway
The divided house of Paul
The doctor has clocked out — sorry!
The doctor will see you … never
The doctor won’t see you? Analysts warn ObamaCare plans could resemble Medicaid
The downfall of Detroit
The downside of inciting envy
The drift toward despotism
The drone question Obama hasn’t answered
The drone that killed my grandson
The drone war is far from over
The drones are already here
The drones are coming but our laws aren’t ready
The drones are coming home
The drop in childhood obesity may be due to better choices
The drug war is over (if Obama wants it)
The dumbest diet of all time
The dystopian seductiveness of “Her”
The early line on the 2014 midterms
The earthquake in Ukraine could set off a tsunami that engulfs us all
The economic argument is over, and Paul Krugman won
The economic levers that might stop Putin
The economic reason to have just one child
The economic truth about perjury
The economic windfall of immigration reform
The economics of sex: Has the price gotten too cheap?
The economist who exposed ObamaCare
The economy will save our majority, say Senate Dems
The edamame economy
The effect of immigration reform on American workers
The effects of the sequester were overstated, but GOP hawks (and Obama) want to cancel it anyway
The eight senators who hold immigration reform in the balance
The elder stateswoman: Hillary wouldn’t be a fresh face in the White House
The electoral aftermath of the shutdown
The electric car is an abomination
The electronic-medical-records wreck
The embarrassing reactions to the George Zimmerman verdict
The emerging world of “self-healing” materials
The empress of Europe
The emptiness of a politicized life
The end of Erdogan’s cave of wonders
The end of Florida orange juice?
The end of Marco Rubio’s ambitions?
The end of U.S. hypocrisy: Foreign policy in the age of leaks
The end of average people
The end of car culture
The end of democratic protests?
The end of door-to-door postal service?
The end of empire: Be careful what you wish for
The end of population growth may be almost here
The end of sex: The pornification of America
The end of the 47 percenters
The end of the Free Syrian Army
The end of the climate-change illusion
The end of chemo?
The end of entitlement
The end of government
The end of policy
The end of race
The end of snow?
The endangered fate of Barnes & Noble, America’s last major book store chain
The endless Benghazi coverup
The entire GOP establishment is behind amnesty — and they could still lose
The entrepreneurs of outrage
The era of metadata
The errors of Edward Snowden and his global hypocrisy tour
The essence of America is not togetherness, Mike Lee
The establishment choice: Christie already cementing support of GOP power-brokers
The euro crisis isn’t over
The evil brain: What lurks inside a killer’s mind
The evolution debate: What can both sides agree on?
The exchange launch has turned into an inexcusable mess
The exorcisms of Latoya Ammons
The exploited laborers of the liberal media
The extraordinary science of addictive junk food
The failed grand strategy in the Middle East
The failure of Obama’s aristocracy of merit
The fall of the House of Tsarnaev
The fallacy of maximalist positioning in negotiations
The false Nixon equivalence
The false promise of compassionate conservatism
The fantasy of defunding ObamaCare
The fear and loathing behind the Brittney Griner NBA tryout backlash
The feds let Whitey Bulger get away with murder
The feminist who didn’t want to be called one
The feminist mystique
The filibuster returns — quickly
The financial benefits of being beautiful
The financial system is at greater risk than you know
The first 3D printed organ — a liver — is expected in 2014
The first car-free city?
The first political battleground over gun control is between Democrats
The first sitting president to address Planned Parenthood
The first steps to the 2016 GOP nomination
The fish with crystal-clear blood
The five goofiest excerpts from Glamour’s puff piece on Chelsea Clinton
The five stupidest Hugo Chavez hagiographies from the Yanquis who loved him
The five stupidest myths non-sports fans will push at your Super Bowl party [link fixed]
The fix that won’t fix anything
The floundering of America
The fog of ObamaCare
The folly of Bloomberg’s soda ban
The folly of the “never surrender” ObamaCare defunders
The front man
The fruits of epic incompetence
The full-fat paradox: Whole milk may help keep us lean
The fusion in our future
The futility of anti-obesity soda laws
The futility of sanctions on Russia
The future is inescapably libertarian
The future of free-market health care
The future of life on Earth: Robot sex?
The future’s so bright we have to wear shades
The gay intolerance act of 2014
The gay-marriage debate distracts from a bigger trend: The institution is crumbling
The geek awakening: Snowden is the vanguard of a broader challenge
The gender battlefield in 2013: The good, the bad, and the ugly
The gender wage gap lie
The genealogy of ObamaCare
The genuine conflict being ignored in the “Duck Dynasty” debate
The ghost in the toilet
The gift of siblings
The gifts of Jahi
The gifts we lose by aborting children with Down’s syndrome
The girl who never grew up
The god of global warming
The godless universe of “True Detective”
The gold-plated ambulance
The golf shot heard round the academic world
The good guys have a real chance in Ukraine
The good news about 2014 (maybe)
The good side of sequestration
The good wife? Give us a break
The good, the bad, the secret: The nuclear deal with Iran
The gory details about terrorist teacher Kathy Boudin
The government is horrible at predictions (and so is everyone else)
The government isn’t us
The government should not force people into unions
The grand universal illusion and North Korea
The great Democrat hope: Government shutdown
The great GOP divide: Populists vs. elitists
The great White House disconnect
The great ammunition myth
The great disappointment of 2013: What happens when a political messiah fails?
The great eclipse: How Ted Cruz took Marco Rubio’s tea-party crown
The great gun control fizzle
The great rock ‘n roll swindle
The great sequester panic
The greatest achievement in human history, and you never hear about it
The greatest conservative president in American history
The greatest food in human history
The greatest generation is the most entitled generation
The greatest locked-out generation
The greatest terrorism threats during the Olympics are outside Sochi
The great MacGuffin
The great equalizers
The grounding of big government
The growing distance between Washington and the country it dominates
The grudging case for making a deal with Edward Snowden
The gun debate really triggered media bias
The guns of Chicago and the safe sidewalks of New York
The hands-tied presidency
The hard knocks of pro football
The hard truth: No key international actor cares if the Syrian civil war goes on forever
The hate-crime hoax industry is booming
The hawk’s case against Obama on Syria
The health benefits that cut your pay
The health toll of immigration
The health-care myths we live by
The heartbreak of Seattle sports fandom
The hefty yoke of student-loan debt
The hero in the cowboy hat at the Boston Marathon finish line
The heroism of Wendy Davis
The hidden consequences of Snowden’s revelations
The hidden jobless disaster
The hidden man of Christmas
The high bar for ObamaCare success stories
The high cost of low-information voters
The high cost of ObamaCare
The hijacking of Chinese patriotism
The hoary myth that ObamaCare can’t be defunded
The hollowness of Bradley Manning
The home-birth rebellion
The hookup elites
The huge, GOP-leaning audience for “Duck Dynasty”
The human toll of out-of-wedlock births
The humanities have lost their humanity
The hungry and the well fed
The hunt for the conservative ObamaCare
The hypocrisy of Congress’s gold-plated health care
The hypocrisy of Snowden’s Latin American sympathizers
The hypocrisy of praising Obama for “asking the right questions” about drones
The ice is not melting, yet still the scaremongers blunder on
The ideologue vs. the children: New York’s far-left mayor cracks down on charter schools
The idiotic cult of Hugo Chavez
The immigration bill is everything that’s wrong with Washington
The immigration bill lacks the 60 Senate votes it needs to pass
The immigration bill will only make things worse for the middle class — and the GOP
The immigration reform opportunity
The immigration transformation
The imperial presidency of Barack Obama
The importance of self-limited government
The importance of the limited-government brand
The important of the FISA court: Mentioning “court approval” increases public support for NSA surveillance
The impossibility of gun control
The incarceration epidemic
The inconsistency in Obama’s Iraq-haunted thinking on Syria
The inconvenient truth on Benghazi
The incredible shrinking plane seat
The incredibly shrunken 2014 battlefield
The indebted states of America
The inequality that matters
The insecure Internet
The inside story of how the White House let diplomacy fail in Afghanistan
The insufferable elitism of the SATs
The insurance industry prepared while Obama slept
The insurgency in Egypt may already have begun
The intransigence of progressivism
The invisible primary against Hillary Clinton
The invisible women who hunt terrorists
The ironic NAACP voter-ID protest
The ironic war plan
The irony of Michelle Obama’s water campaign
The irony of despair
The irrational federal war on Buckyballs
The island where cats rule
The jetpacks are coming
The job of debt reduction isn’t even close to being done
The jobs crisis is bigger than you think
The justice nominee and the cop killer
The killer who supports gun control
The killing machines: How to think about drones
The king of fearmongers
The known unknowns of counterterrorism ops
The language of terror
The last days of Big Law
The last days of the GOP?
The last refuge for disgraced public officials? Professorships, of course
The last stand of the JFK truthers
The last time America worried about football injuries
The late, great American WASP
The late, great manly man
The latest ObamaCare delay is unfair
The latest action in the “war on women”
The latest modern-family trend: Co-parenting?
The lawless south: What happens when governments go broke?
The lawlessness of Obama’s ObamaCare “fix”
The leaderless doctrine
The leaker who wouldn’t stop talking
The least credible accusation
The left can’t contain its fantasies
The left fights and re-fights the racial battles of yesteryear
The left just wants to silence conservative nonprofits
The left still harbors a soft spot for communism
The left versus minorities
The left will smear the GOP even if it passes immigration reform
The left: America’s campus utopians
The leftist lynch mob out to get Tom Coburn should put down its pitchforks
The left’s defense of the IRS doesn’t make sense
The left’s difficulties with Muslim anti-gay bigotry
The left’s favorite “socialist paradise” is sliding into poverty and dictatorship
The left’s new story: Nobody is hurt by ObamaCare
The left’s next step if ObamaCare fails
The left’s reality problem
The legacy of Obama’s health-care lies
The legend of Cory Booker
The legitimizing of Rand Paul
The lesson from the Christie scandal: Politics should be dirtier
The lesson of Boston: Because we’re free, we’ll never be safe
The lesson of Chris Christie and Bridgegate: Don’t fall in love too fast
The lessons of David and Goliath for the tea party and the establishment
The lessons of Weiner and Spitzer
The lessons of social conservatism’s setbacks
The liberal agenda: Being good to liberals
The liberal media lie about CPAC
The liberal myth of the moderate Republican
The liberal-enthusiasm bubble is about to burst
The libertarian case for national military service
The libertarian populism of “The Lego Movie”
The libertarian populist future of the GOP
The lies aren’t what make Obama’s NSA stance so awful
The limitations of capitalism
The literal nanny state: Breastfeeding and public health officials
The literary misery index: What the economy has to do with what you’re reading
The littlest mayor
The littlest perps
The longer Syria’s civil war lasts, the less it threatens Israel’s national security
The longer war to come on gay marriage
The lost decade: When will Democrats take back the House?
The lost world: A road trip around Cuba
The luckiest pol in America
The luckiest generation
The lying king
The madness of liberal moralizing
The making of Allen West Inc.
The making of a marijuana majority
The maligned tea party
The mammoth cometh: Bringing extinct animals back to life is really happening
The man behind Silk Road, the internet’s biggest market for illegal drugs
The man who killed Osama Bin Laden … is screwed
The man who was treated for $17,000 less
The man who would overthrow Harvard
The man with no memory: Navy vet wakes up, speaks only Swedish
The manufactured crisis of sequester
The marijuana revolution
The market will set North Korea free
The martyrdom of Mark Steyn
The masculine mistake
The master terrorist we gave away
The meaning inside the political numbers
The meaning of the Gosnell trial
The media after Gosnell
The media backlash against Christie begins
The media don’t care about gun control anymore
The media finds Obama’s detachment from the MidEast crisis more acceptable than Bush’s
The media should pay more attention to mental illness
The media verdict on Barack Obama’s 2013? Two thumbs down
The media went after the best story, not the truth
The media’s Obama protection society
The media’s Wendy Davis bias
The media’s distorting the sequester debate to help Obama
The media’s double standard: Some hate crimes are less hateful than others
The media’s exaggerating the impact of the shutdown on the GOP
The media’s got a fever and the only prescription is more late-term abortion
The media’s outrageous enabling of Obama’s lawlessness
The media’s selective standards: From Christie to McDonnell to Cuomo
The media’s shooting bias
The media’s “alleged” fairness to the Boston bomber
The mendacious and manipulative “Moms Demand Action”
The mental anguish of the long-term unemployed
The method behind Carlos Danger’s madness
The metro areas with the most economic momentum going into 2014
The middle class is steadily eroding. Just ask the business world.
The middle-class revolution: What today’s global turmoil has in common
The midterm elections are unlikely to alter the balance of power in Congress
The mighty Jeb Bush comes down to earth
The military epidemics that aren’t
The military-budget delusion
The millennials sour on Obama
The monogamy debate rages on
The moral case for a Syria strike
The moral case for allowing abortion grows ever weaker
The moral case for ending America’s cold war with Iran
The morning-after pill should be available to all ages
The most controversial laws of the last hundred years
The most convincing argument for legalizing marijuana ever?
The most dangerous border in the world
The most dangerous countries for tourists, in maps
The most dangerous man in Europe
The most divided Congress ever — at least until next year
The most hated man in the Senate
The most hated man in Washington
The most meaningless prize on the planet
The most memorable words of 2013
The most transparent administration ever?
The most underrated Congress of all time
The movement strikes back: Conservative activists not backing down on defunding ObamaCare
The mystery behind a deadly chemical attack in Syria
The mystery of $600 million traded in the blink of an eye
The mystery of Denis McDonough
The mystery of musical hallucinations
The mystery of the Bible’s phantom camels
The myth of American exceptionalism
The myth of American isolationism
The myth of Obama the master strategist
The myth of a moderate Obama
The myth of executive stress
The myth of live-and-let-live liberalism
The myth of suburban decline
The myth of the scientific liberal
The myth of the superbaby
The myth of “settled science”
The myth of “traditional marriage”
The nasty Cheney schadenfreude
The need for dignity, at land and at sea
The neocon revival
The neuroscientist who discovered he was a psychopath
The new 2016 rivalry: Paul vs. Cruz?
The new American dream: Being debt-free
The new Barbie: Meet the doll with an average woman’s proportions
The new Chris Christie bombshell may not be a bombshell
The new GOP case against Obama: He’s Cheney
The new Glenn Beck
The new Libya is free, if you don’t count the jailed journalists
The new Paul Ryan
The new RNC report proves that compassionate conservatism is back
The new SAT doesn’t come close to the world’s best tests
The new Senate GOP: A leadership group, a conservative group — and a “McCain group”
The new age of Christian martyrdom
The new and improved electoral college map
The new climate deniers
The new excuse: Obama would be better if he wasn’t term-limited
The new gun-rights force on Capitol Hill: Gun Owners of America
The new intolerance: We’ll regret pushing Christians out of public life
The new libertarian hero: Justin Amash?
The new paranoia: A government afraid of itself
The new politics of pot: Which 2014 candidates support legalization?
The newly charmed life of Tim Pawlenty
The news isn’t free
The news media is even worse than you think
The new prohibitionists
The next Bin Laden
The next George Bush
The next ObamaCare mirage
The next Ron Paul
The next deal on the debt ceiling should take default off the table for good
The next disaster scenario power companies are preparing for
The next frontier in emergency response: Drones?
The next gay-marriage battlegrounds
The next pandemic: Not if, but when
The next phase in political speechmaking: Holograms?
The next real estate bubble: Farmland?
The next rebellion: Saudi Arabia?
The next scandal: Sebelius’s fundraising for ObamaCare
The next state to legalize marijuana: Alaska?
The next tea-party stars
The next two NSA revelations to drop
The night Planet Liberalism turned on Bob Woodward
The night Venezuela finally imploded
The nine companies tied to PRISM, Obama are getting smacked with a class-action lawsuit
The nine lies of Lois Lerner
The nine percent: Congress’ approval rating hits the single digits
The no-plan zone
The non-citizenship trap
The northeast is getting older, and it’s going to cost them
The number of ObamaCare sign-ups is greatly inflated
The obstacles to religious enchantment in a secular age
The oldest toilet
The one chart that shows just how stuck our economy is
The one chart that will alarm bacon lovers
The online avengers: When “anti-bullies” turn into bullies
The online college revolution is coming
The online education revolution drifts off course
The only pattern in ObamaCare now is chaos
The only solution in Syria is peacekeepers on the ground
The only truly new political idea in the last few thousand years is libertarianism
The opportunity coalition
The optical illusion of dinner with your adversaries
The original sin of global warming
The other big Afghan crisis: A growing army of addicts
The other crackdown: Unrest in Ukraine means more repression in Moscow
The other kind of inequality
The other marriage inequality
The other F-word
The outrage over Phil Robertson smacks of artificiality
The over-rating of Rand Paul 2016
The overhyped, overblown, and overly politicized sequester fears
The pace of ObamaCare signups is slowing
The painful path to ObamaCare’s deadline
The paradox of abortion absolutism
The paranoid libertarian and his enemy, the angry liberal
The party of science has no clue what it’s talking about
The party of “compassion” rationalizes killing live-born babies
The path to citizenship for illegals should be a long hike
The path to victory
The penance of Glenn Beck
The perfect leak
The perfect nap
The perils of Japan’s huge, lightly guarded plutonium stockpile
The perils of Ron Johnson’s ObamaCare lawsuit
The perils of a “people’s coup”
The perils of legalized pot
The perils of toy-shopping with a feminist mom
The permanent campaigner
The perverse exemption: Political palliatives won’t cure ObamaCare’s ills
The phony “nations” of the Middle East are breaking up
The pipe dream of easy war
The play on ObamaCare should be delay
The plot to make Big Food pay
The poetry of bad ObamaCare news
The poison of NYC nostalgia: Weren’t those the bad old days?
The political 1% of the 1% in 2012
The political Mr. Comey
The political exhibitionism of the State of the Union
The political fallout from the sequester could damage both parties
The political genius of Pope Francis
The political ground is shifting under Obama
The political media’s declining power
The political risks of a shutdown
The politicization of everything
The politicized life is destroying society
The politics of an apology
The politics of science and the science of politics
The politics of sequestration: More nuanced than you think
The politics of “Roe” and gay marriage
The politics of loss
The pope who made history in his leaving
The post-Zimmerman poison pill
The post-work economy
The poster boys of climate change thrive in the icy Arctic
The potential pitfalls of universal pre-K
The power of 218: If House Republicans can’t hold together, they have no leverage at all
The power of Christmas
The powerless presidency
The pranksters who unwittingly started the Syrian civil war
The presidency is not a professorship, Obama
The president and the “hacker”
The president believes his own bull****, but does America?
The president can’t do it all by himself, Obama supporters
The president is losing his plan
The president is raging against a budget crisis he created
The president isn’t claiming too much power to claim Americans who join Al Qaeda, but too little
The president must never apologize for ObamaCare
The president must personally make his case for war
The president needs to come home to Chicago
The president(s) who cried wolf
The presidential wheel turns
The president inhales
The president’s broken health care promises
The president’s giving Hollywood a pass on violence
The president’s new message: I care
The president’s power grab
The president’s prophetic threats to Israel
The press must have the ability to ask questions
The press tends to forget about the parts of the First Amendment it finds inconvenient
The price of a nude photo in Egypt
The price of access to Obama is too damn high
The price of political ignorance: More government
The price of politics: Debt and deficits impoverish us in ways we can only begin to measure
The primary NSA issue isn’t privacy, it’s authority
The princess and the Brotherhood
The prison-industrial complex
The pro-amnesty right is trying to Bork immigration hawks
The problem isn’t just illegal immigration, it’s legal immigration too
The problem of Muslim leadership
The problem of ignorant voters
The problem with the press, part one: Religion
The problem with worshipping romance
The professor, the bikini model, and a suitcase full of trouble
The profound moral failure of Benghazi
The promise and peril of Pope Francis
The prophets of Oak Ridge
The psychological power of Satan
The psychology of Barack Obama
The public doesn’t seem very interested in these scandals
The public humiliation of Huma Abedin
The public is open to Republicans — but can they govern?
The public weighs in on the shutdown
The puny superpower
The quackish cult of alternative medicine
The quest for the perfect broccoli
The race that broke the Cheney family
The radicalization of Tamerlan Tsarnaev
The radicalizing of a young conservative
The raging Yosemite wildfire is now the size of Chicago
The rancid Lincoln-haters of the libertarian right
The rapid surge of state abortion restrictions in one chart
The rational choices of crack addicts
The real King Kong might have been brought down by fruit
The real Lockerbie bomber?
The real Navy Yard scandal
The real Republican divide
The real Super Bowl winner is New Orleans
The real clash of civilizations
The real consequences of a “no” vote on Syria
The real danger of liberal bias
The real debt ceiling: What happens in 10 years, when default becomes inevitable?
The real lesson of Paul versus Christie: Nobody cares what Hillary thinks
The real power center of the Senate: The gym
The real problem with a woman president
The real problem with immigration reform: Voters don’t trust the feds to enforce the border
The real problem with the Internet sales tax
The real reason America loves the AR-15: It’s fantastically customizable
The real reason Obama won’t move against Assad: Fear of Iran
The real reason Saudi Arabia doesn’t want warmer U.S./Iran relations
The real reason Weiner won’t win: Lack of organization
The real reason college costs so much
The real reason new college grads can’t get hired
The real reason no one’s buying PCs anymore: They’ve gotten too good
The real reason the Senate trounced Obama’s gun-control agenda
The real reason young people don’t like Republicans
The real risks of amnesty
The real scandal at the IRS
The real scandal in Wisconsin is politically motivated prosecutorial abuse
The real threat to America: Political, moral, and now actual lockdown
The real women’s issue: Time
The reality is Americans aren’t that concerned about drones
The reality of polls on legalizing marijuana is smokier than you think
The reason I’m leaving Congress
The red placebo: Confessions of a former conspiracy dabbler
The red-state path to prosperity
The redlines in Obama’s pre-K proposal
The refreshing sweetness of Pope Francis
The refugees of Sochi
The regime Putin fears we’ll change isn’t Assad’s. It’s his own.
The regulated states of America
The reluctant reemergence of George W. Bush
The repentant radical
The reset that wasn’t
The rest of the Snowden files should be destroyed
The return of Anthony Weiner
The return of Christine O’Donnell?
The return of the “war on women”
The revenue deficit from progressive tax rates
The reverse-Joads of California
The revolt against urban gentry
The revolt of the (Republican) elites
The rhetoric of Iraq
The right gets its ’60s
The right subjects Wendy Davis to litmus tests no male would ever face
The right to preschool: A new entitlement?
The right way to cut Pentagon spending
The right-left immigration alliance is fraying
The right-wing city of Dallas had a role in JFK’s assassination or something
The right’s 18-year slump
The right’s Putin problem
The rise and fall of charm in American men
The rise of Rafael Cruz
The rise of quirky gravestones
The rise of secretarial journalism
The rise of the anti-war libertarians
The rise of the fourth branch of government
The rise of the nuclear greens
The rise of the religious left
The rise of the man-bag
The rising voice of gun ownership is female
The risk of default may be passing but a downgrade could still ahead
The rock ‘n’ roll casualty who became a war hero
The room that could transform Washington
The rules don’t apply to the governing class
The rush to a bad gun-control law
The sadism of Harry Reid
The safest car ever?
The same mistakes we made in Iraq could be made again in Syria
The sanctity of life, even in a test tube
The scariest statistic about the newspaper business today
The scent of your earwax may yield valuable information
The scheme behind the ObamaCare fraud
The science is settled
The science of fetal pain is more complex than people think
The science of older and wiser
The science of winning poker
The scientific experiments that might save the world (or destroy it)
The second woman president
The second-term jinx
The secret Gingrich/Santorum ticket that nearly toppled Romney
The secret Pope Francis haters
The secret Republican plan to repeal ObamaCare
The secret diary of 9/11 mastermind Abu Zubaydah
The secret faith of Washington D.C.
The secret life of Robert Gates
The secret life of grief
The secret to shortening long-term unemployment
The secrets of empathy
The secret Obama
The secular society
The self-induced decline of America
The self-inflicted wounds of bareknuckle governing
The selling of Attention Deficit Disorder
The sequester cuts are too deep? More like, not deep enough
The sequester is the GOP’s shot at redemption on spending
The sequester will be good for the economy
The sequester: A moment of truth for the tea party?
The sequester’s defense cuts are indefensible
The seven big hurdles for ObamaCare in the next five months
The seven most likely ObamaCare glitches
The seven most ridiculous things about the new “ban ‘bossy’” campaign
The seven strangest SOTU rituals
The sexism defense of Wendy Davis is an attempt to give her an easier double standard
The shadow war between Iran and Israel: Bulgaria front
The shaky science behind Obama’s universal pre-K
The shaky science behind gay marriage
The shocking sex secrets of insects
The shooting of the D.C. car-chase driver: Why is this not a national tragedy?
The shrinking imperialist president
The shrinking of the national-security Right
The shutdown crisis ignores the real problems
The shutdown heralds a new economic norm
The shutdown is a sideshow. The debt is the threat.
The shutdown: Lesson learned?
The shutdown begins
The sickening Snowden backlash
The significance of Chris Christie’s win
The silent senators
The silver lining in Russia’s invasion of Crimea
The simple courage of decision: A leftist tribute to Thatcher
The simple question that will determine ObamaCare’s fate
The sin of omission in ObamaCare
The single-payer fantasy
The single-woman society
The sinking ship of ObamaCare
The six most infuriating hoaxes of 2013
The six types of atheist
The six-year itch
The sky won’t fall if sequestration goes through
The sledgehammer justice of mandatory minimum sentences
The slow death of American defense
The social justice majority
The sole survivors club
The solution to hyper-partisanship already exists, and it doesn’t involve gerrymandering
The sorry state of the post-welfare state family
The spies inside Damascus
The spoiled rotten kids of DC’s elite
The sprawling, dimming age of Obama
The spy who came in for your soul
The state ObamaCare exchanges: Much worse than you thought
The stem and the flower
The story Obama told last night about wounded Ranger Cory Remsburg kind of applies to him, too, no?
The story of the year
The strange politics of Google auto-complete
The stunning decline of Barack Obama 2013
The stupid party: Democrats are out of ideas, and out of jokes
The subtlest racism
The suicide detective
The suicide epidemic
The superpower takes a breather
The supersessionists of the liberal confederacy
The surprising ingredient to creating a pro-life culture
The suspicious leaks behind the terrorism alert
The swastika forest
The tame truth about the wolves of Wall Street
The taxman vs. the tea party
The tea party and the GOP crackup
The tea party grows up
The tea party isn’t going anywhere
The tea party needs a General Washington
The tea party needs to recognize that it’s playing with live ammo
The tea party plan to delay/defund ObamaCare was not only more realistic, it was more compassionate
The tea party takes the reins in the House
The tea party’s become too socially conservative
The temperance movement and how we beat the tea party
The temptations of concentrated political and economic power
The terrifying reality of long-term unemployment
The terrifying truth: We are Big Brother
The test tube generation
The texting dead
The thought leader
The three burials of ObamaCare
The three different GOP factions who foiled Boehner’s final debt-ceiling plan
The timing is right for Hillary
The top 9,486 ways Jay Carney won’t answer your questions
The top one percent are throwing a pity party
The top ten books people lie about reading
The top ten states for doing business are all led by Republican governors
The totalitarian myth of the free press
The town FEMA turned down
The town without WiFi
The tragedy of Bob McDonnell
The tragedy of Maliki’s Iraq
The tragedy of U.S. foreign policy
The tragedy of Italy
The tragic death of the funeral
The transformation of Black Friday
The travesty of Benghazi
The trigger and the poison pill
The triumph of Vladimir Putin
The triumphant return of wet shaving
The trouble with Obama’s hands-off DOJ style
The trouble with populism? It isn’t that popular
The trouble with “kept conservatives”
The troubled future of Egypt’s Copts
The troubling numbers in the Obama budget
The troubling way men react to sexual harassment
The true cost of a higher minimum wage
The true national debt
The true state of the elderly
The truth about Che Guevara
The truth about the “one percent”
The truth about those rate increases in Oregon and California
The truth about women in combat
The tsunamis are coming
The tumbling boundaries of gay rights
The two options on Iran
The tyranny of the queen bee in the workplace
The tyranny of winter: The left’s war on economic reality
The tyrant in the gray flannel suit
The ugly truth about our economy
The un-American anti-Koch campaign
The unbalancing: The week Obama’s luck finally vanished
The unbearable lightness of Obama
The unbelievable idiocy of the war on women
The unbelievable savagery of the Kenyan mall terrorists
The uncomfortable questions not raised by Benghazi
The underwater hotel
The unhinging of Andrew Sullivan
The uninsured like ObamaCare less and less
The unintended consequences of raising the minimum wage
The uninterested president
The unions went all in for Obama. What’s he done for them?
The universal language: “Huh?”
The unraveling of Anthony Weiner
The unraveling: How Obama’s Syria policy fell apart
The unscary sequester
The unstoppable Huckabee?
The unsung but massive ObamaCare sales tax hike that’s on the way
The upside of the GOP shutdown defeat
The value of Putin
The vanishing abortion clinic
The victory lap
The wages of immigration
The wannabe oppressed
The war against al Qaeda is over
The war for same-day delivery
The war on Christmas: Did Lincoln start it?
The war on conservative minorities
The war on inequality … may take awhile
The war on marriage and motherhood
The war on poverty was supposed to be about jobs, not welfare
The war on terror has become too big, says … the founder of Blackwater
The war on terror isn’t over, but Bush’s model for it is
The war on women online
The war on Halloween
The way Hillary can win in 2016
The way out: What Boehner should ask for
The way to produce a person
The wealthiest Americans work for their money, and the poor could learn from them
The west and Iran: Axis of fantasy vs. axis of reality
The west will miss Ahmadinejad when he’s gone
The wisdom of Dan Quayle
The wisdom of “Mr. Republican”
The woman who can will herself out of her body
The words that popped in 2013
The world braces for a retirement crisis
The world dangerously misunderstands North Korea
The world gave the green light to the horrors of Syria’s chemical attacks
The world has a chance to end the war in Syria
The world in crisis
The world is falling out of love with America — again
The world is marching towards anarchy
The world of English freedoms
The world’s biggest mall is a “ghost town”
The world’s greatest paper airplane
The world’s most expensive city
The world’s most important hamburger
The world’s most reputable countries in 2013
The world’s tallest building is a stupid contest
The worst day in western diplomatic history
The worst predictions of 2013
The worst-designed sport of all time
The wrong red line
The wrong side of the street
The wrong standards for Tsarnaev
The wrong way to answer Rand
The year Washington fled reality
The year in awful: The worst columns of 2013
The young and the powerless
The young middle class and ObamaCare: We’ve been punished enough already
The young won’t buy ObamaCare
The youth vote: A tipping point for Democrats?
The “Duck Dynasty” mess: Not all fundamentalists live in the Bible belt
The “Footloose” fix: How Republicans can get cool
The “I” in Christie’s storm
The “Latino vote” doesn’t really exist
The “Shy Cuccinelli” effect
The “Star Wars” that almost was
The “Tiger Mom” superiority complex
The “Truther” element that sours “Iron Man 3″
The “baby illusion”: Parents see youngest child as smaller
The “bomber” cover issue could be a boon for Rolling Stone
The “co-exist” bombers
The “defund ObamaCare” civil war
The “do not disturb” presidency
The “guardian coup” theory: Was Egypt’s coup good for democracy?
The “impeachment chorus”
The “juvenile” support for amnesty
The “keep your plan” lie barely scratches the surface of the ObamaCare deception
The “living” law
The “morning-after pill” should be available to teens
The “race conversation” network
The “racism” wrecking ball
The “racist” and the unknown man
The “science” of gay marriage
The “to hell with them” doctrine for the Middle East
The “trickle-down” lie
The “trigger warning” has spread from blogs to college classes. Can it be stopped?
The “vigilance” vigilantes: The tolerance enforcers will not tolerate dissent
Then and now: Senator Obama versus President Obama on attacking Syria
There are better anti-poverty tools than the minimum wage
There are limits to what Obama can do with executive orders. Aren’t there?
There are more people who watch both MSNBC and Fox News than you think
There are no winners in Egypt
There are those who say Lord Obama has no responsibility for the shutdown
There are totally moderates in Congress — all six of them
There aren’t any Rockefeller Republicans anymore to purge
There have been no clear Constitutional violations in the NSA’s surveillance
There is no wave coming in the 2014 election
There is only tragedy here
There is still no Republican health-policy agenda
There is such a thing as responsible national-security libertarianism
There sure are a lot of family ties between the media and the Obama administration, huh?
There sure are a lot of former Obama advisors at MSNBC these days
There sure are a lot of knaves and fools on the other side
There’s a new coin idea to solve the unemployment extension deadlock
There’s almost no chance Russia’s plan for Syrian chemical weapons will work
There’s methane in your drinking water. So what?
There’s no defense for “affluenza”
There’s no easy fix to millions of health-insurance cancellations
There’s no evidence that Democrats can take back the House
There’s no evidence that global warming is spawning twisters
There’s no such thing as a global citizen
There’s no unlimited right to bear arms
There’s nothing to fear but the debt itself
There’s power in the new pope’s humility
There’s something wrong with America’s premier liberal pollster
There’s too much damned sprawl
These Common Core critics are hysterical
These Obama scandals are doing wonders for immigration reform
These Olympics could be a disaster
These Republican leaders certainly are wimpy on immigration
These Republican radicals must pay
These Republicans are against reality
These Republicans are crying crocodile tears over jobs
These Republicans are crying wolf
These Republicans are just afraid that ObamaCare will be a big success
These Republicans are obsessed with Obama
These Republicans certainly are excited about scandal
These Republicans certainly are obsessed with Benghazi
These Republicans certainly are obsessed with ObamaCare
These Republicans certainly are overreaching
These Republicans certainly are spiteful
These Republicans fight ObamaCare at their peril
These Republicans had better be careful not to overreach on Obama’s scandals
These Republicans tried to sabotage ObamaCare at every step of the way
These Republicans who put faith over science are embarrassing
These Sunday morning talk show guests are pretty much always the same, huh?
These amnesty opponents certainly are racist
These attempts to sabotage ObamaCare are disgraceful
These budget negotiations were supposed to be Paul Ryan’s moment
These climate-change deniers know that markets can’t fix the climate
These conservatives are fighting the contraception mandate to force their religious views on America
These conservatives don’t get that some problems are public
These conservatives don’t want to face the reality of inequality
These conservatives want to keep America stupid by criticizing Common Core
These darned Republicans have sabotaged ObamaCare at every turn
These darned tea partiers are waging a war on comedy
These darned tea partiers have jumped the shark in Virginia
These dogmatic conservatives are leading the GOP down a dead-end street
These immigration attacks from the right are only helping Rubio in 2016
These natural disasters are being caused by climate change, you know
These no-government conservatives certainly are destructive
These plutocrats don’t deserve their wealth
These press investigations are making it harder for Obama’s media allies to defend him
These right-wing House Republican extremists are going to cause another crisis, aren’t they?
These tea partiers certainly are out of touch
These tea partiers don’t want to win, they just want to fight
These tea partiers remind me a little of Islamist fanatics
They broke it, you bought it
They quit their jobs, thanks to ObamaCare
They said the sequester would be scary. Mostly, they were wrong.
They’re hiding the full cost of immigration reform from you
The buckpasser
The disconnect
Things could get messy if the Supreme Court punts on gay marriage
Things to watch in the counterterror response to Boston
Think 2013 was a bad year for health politics? Just wait for 2014
Think Cyprus can’t happen here? It already has
Think ObamaCare can’t be repealed? Look to Australia’s example
Think money can’t buy happiness? Think again
Think tank aligned with Obama getting ready for a nuclear Iran
Third-party statism
Thirty ObamaCare fails
This AP story on abortion opponents is ridiculous
This Christmas, consider becoming a “Santa truther”
This Cruz missile has sent the cockroaches scurrying
This DOJ investigation of James Rosen is pretty chilling, huh?
This IRS scandal is a poisonous example of Democratic mismanagement
This IRS scandal reminds me of how I learned about The Chicago Way
This Iran deal is a historic mistake
This Iraq war vet was the first to buy pot legally in Colorado
This Pajama Boy controversy is wrapped in anti-semitism
This Redskins PR effort is backfiring
This Republican obsession with ObamaCare is unhealthy
This Senate Democratic budget is pretty vague and unrealistic, huh?
This Spitzer campaign is kind of unnerving, huh?
This Ted Cruz character is making it easy for senators who don’t like him to work together
This Ted Cruz character isn’t very helpful
This abuse of the Patriot Act must end
This conservative spin on Syria certainly is sickening
This court ruling striking the NSA program will not stand
This deal could make Iran a regional superpower
This deal with Iran is a good one
This game is tiresome. Let North Korea test a missile.
This government shutdown melodrama won’t matter in 2016
This gun disease is turning America into a basket case
This is no ordinary scandal
This is no time to stop paying attention to immigration reform
This is not the President Obama we voted for
This is not the drone debate we’re looking for
This is the Republican Party’s savior?
This is the age of small government (sort of)
This is the end of the Senate, and it’s Harry Reid’s fault
This is the letter you get if Massachusetts thinks your kid is too fat
This is the year we in the pro-choice crowd fights back
This is what happens when you teach machines the power of natural selection
This is what panic looks like
This is why we need ObamaCare
This is your brain on Facebook
This isn’t leadership, this is slapstick
This isn’t “feminism.” It’s Islamophobia.
This looming Cuccinelli defeat looks like a bad sign
This malware is frighteningly sophisticated, and we don’t know who created it
This man is not a cyborg. Yet.
This old man
This opposition to ObamaCare is about race or something
This party needs a reality check
This poll says Americans love France again. Is that really true?
This president certainly is passive
This sequester doesn’t seem to be hurting much, does it?
This shutdown standoff is one of the worst crises in American history
This storm of unpopularity for ObamaCare will pass
This time it’s different: Why negotiations to end the shutdown aren’t happening
This time, the press cheered as the IRS investigated the president’s opponents
This won’t end well: IRS preparing for ObamaCare enforcement
This year’s Duke lacrosse case
This “defund” effort was a debacle
Those idiotic “Brosurance” ads made no impact in Colorado
Those irritating verbs-as-nouns
Thought of the day
Thousands defy Turkish prime minister’s call to end protests
Thousands exposed to measles in California by unvaccinated student
Thousands get health insurance cancellation notices
Thousands march on the Mall to mark MLK’s “I have a dream”
Threat over? U.S. to re-open 18 of 19 closed embassies this weekend
Threat to divest city funds from a Koch-owned LA Times likely unconstitutional
Threats against embassies “very reminiscent” of pre-9/11 chatter
Three Democratic myths used to demean the Paul filibuster
Three Pinocchios: Kerry’s misfire on how U.S. performed in hitting emissions targets
Three challenges to libertarian populism
Three competing American ideas of Christmas
Three days that saved the world financial system
Three elections: Liberals in retreat
Three endgames for Boehner
Three examples of Americans pushing back against the ruling class
Three guys built a better Healthcare.gov
Three more arrested for suspected conspiracy in Woolwich terror attack on soldier
Three more homes for life in the universe
Three observations about the left and civility
Three options for Obama to end the debt-ceiling standoff — without involving Congress
Three pages of Rand Paul’s book were plagiarized from think tanks
Three policy tests for Obama if he’s serious about compromise
Three problems Rand Paul faces with his post-filibuster fame
Three quick Rubio Sunday cons
Three reasons Snowden can’t stop the NSA
Three reasons why Obama is going to Israel now
Three reasons why Obama isn’t leading on the sequester
Three shutdown scenarios for Republicans
Three sides to amnesty in a nutshell
Three signs Republicans haven’t learned any lessons from 2012
Three signs there’s a cover-up
Three steps: How the Dems plan to make Texas a battleground state by 2016
Three takeaways from Rand Paul’s filibuster
Three ways Obama’s executive orders are the worst of any president’s
Three ways work visas could derail the immigration bill
Three years after arrest, Bradley Manning court-martial begins today
Three years in, ObamaCare still facing steep challenges
Three’s a crowd: Barack, Hillary, and Bill
Thus spake Obama
Tim Scott could have been Ted Cruz. Here’s why he passed.
Tim Scott denounces Harry Reid’s remarks on race
Timbuktu’s slaves liberated as Islamists flee
Time corrects: On second thought, Pope Francis didn’t reject church dogma
Time for America to break out of its rut in Egypt
Time for Democrats to start getting nervous about the midterms
Time for Denmark to rethink its entitlement state too
Time for Holder to go, says HuffPo
Time for Hopenchange personnel to cash in, Washington-style
Time for Kerry to put the breaks on negotiations with Russia over Syria
Time for Obama to punch hard
Time for Peter King to rip on Rand Paul again
Time for a special prosecutor to probe the IRS
Time for an atheist church?
Time for another story about Alec Baldwin embarrassing himself
Time for another “is Obama a pragmatist or a liberal?” story
Time for former Princeton classmates to start grumbling about Ted Cruz
Time for the American right to declare peace on the U.S. welfare state
Time for the Middle East to police itself
Time is on Rick Perry’s side
Time to ask Obama about Gosnell
Time to come clean on the IRS, Mr. President
Time to dial up some skepticism about “big data” in the hands of government
Time to end FISA’s “star chamber” court
Time to get tough with China?
Time to hard-delete Carlos Danger
Time to move on? The case against daylight savings time
Time to pull the plug on MSNBC?
Time to scrap the Olympics
Time to start getting worried about human-robot relations?
Time to stock up on incandescent light bulbs before they go out permanently
Time to worry: China is a real, present danger
Time to write in Jenny Sanford?
Time travelers: Please don’t kill Hitler
Timeline: Anthony Weiner’s sexting and his endless lying about it
Time’s running out to fix the ObamaCare website
Time’s running short for the big ObamaCare push
Time’s up: Immigration reform won’t pass this year
Tina Brown: If Obama was Bush, he’d be impeached by now for his drone policy
Tinseltown’s propaganda problem
Tiny houses: A big idea to end homelessness
To (all) the colleges that rejected me
To Russia with love: America’s political class looks to Putin to bail them out on Syria
To be born on a Christmas morn
To defeat poverty, look to marriage
To enjoy driverless cars, first kill all the lawyers
To get a truce in Syria, we’re going to have to escalate
To have kids or not?
To improve the U.S. military, shrink it
To pass the ACA, Obama and Democrats stayed silent about its downsides
To rebuild the middle class, restore marriage
To retake cities, Iraq turns to Sunni tribes
To save Egypt, drop the presidency
To save the Republican Party, look to the states
To some experts, US case for Syrian gas attack, strike has too many holes
To the old Bushies trying to claim “true conservatism”
To the slaughter
To win again, the Republicans must be a party of hope
To win in 2016, the GOP must target the rust belt
To win millennials, the GOP needs to embrace its inner libertarian
To win minority vote, GOP has to show it’s ready to battle privileged interests
To win the ObamaCare debate, Democrats first have to embrace the law
Today’s Gang of Eight fraud: The fence
Today’s ObamaCare screw-up: “Glitch” may limit penalties for smokers
Today’s ObamaCare sign-up deadline has some exceptions
Today’s the day: How much better will Healthcare.gov be?
Today’s the day: Insurers brace as deadline for ObamaCare enrollment is reached
Tolerance has always been part of Scouting
Tolerant Cambridge wonders: How could terrorism happen here?
Tom Clancy, RIP
Tom Coburn caused fear and loathing among the establishment on Capitol Hill
Tom Coburn hints that GOP will cave in debt-ceiling negotiations
Tom Coburn leaves a lonely place lonelier
Tom Coburn writing his own bill on background checks as an alternative to Schumer’s
Tom Coburn: According to Ted Cruz, I’m no longer a conservative
Tom Coburn: Actually, we’re not that close to a deal on background checks
Tom Coburn: Enhanced background checks will pass Senate, but not as written
Tom Coburn: Let’s face it, Harry Reid’s a giant A-hole
Tom Coburn: One we’ll miss
Tom Coburn: The doctor who is sick of Washington
Tom Cotton: The last, best hope for GOP hawks?
Tom Cruise: Shooting movies on location is like serving in Afghanistan
Tom Friedman continues his journey into insanity (i.e. the terrorists win)
Tom Friedman: This Christie story reminds me of Sunni/Shiite tensions in Iraq
Tom Price: Conservatives need better campaigns
Tony Bennett: Without gun control we could become Nazi Germany or something
Too many GOP incumbents can’t be trusted
Too many celebrities, not enough heroes
Too much air-conditioning is irresponsible in an age of global warming
Too much protein could lead to an early death, study says
Too soon! GOP hopefuls already swarming Iowa
Toomey hoping to get six to eight GOP votes for final background checks bill
Toomey, Rubio, and the rise of the “Teastablishment”?
Toomey’s and Manchin’s slippery slope
Top Brotherhood leaders being held in same Cairo prison as Mubarak
Top GOP 2016 candidates gather to woo New York donors
Top GOP donors found group aimed at protecting establishment candidates in Senate primaries
Top House Republican: Immigration reform still a top GOP priority
Top IRS official who works on ObamaCare placed on leave for accepting gifts
Top Iowa evangelical: Because of immigration reform, maybe Rubio should wait until 2020 to run
Top Islamic leader calls for no-fly zone in Syria
Top Navy intelligence officers put on leave in bribery probe
Top Obama official’s brother is president of CBS News, may drop reporter over Benghazi coverage
Top Republicans call for return to Cold War
Top Romney stategist: The media’s not in the tank for Obama
Top SC Dem wants to send Nikki Haley “back to wherever the hell she came from”
Top Saudi religious cop: If you use Twitter, you’ve lost the afterlife
Top Sunni cleric issues fatwa saying Egyptians should back Morsi
Top Sunni cleric: Hezbollah is the party of Satan
Top U.S. diplomat visits key Muslim Brotherhood official in Egyptian jail
Top donor rallies GOP women
Top intel officials: Cyberattacks now a bigger threat than Al Qaeda
Toronto mayor Rob Ford: Why yes, I did smoke crack
Tough questions coming for White House, FBI on Tsarnaev’s interrogation
Tough talk: Why immigration reformers say “Get right with the law”
Toure: Zimmerman isn’t Hispanic, he’s Peruvian-American
Toward a more libertarian foreign policy
Town-hall silence in August = amnesty
Townhall tactic 2013: Why do you want to deport my daddy?
Toxic leadership: What Enron and the IRS have in common
Train wreck: HHS gives up on ObamaCare’s anti-fraud measures
Transcript: Obama’s WHCD speech
Transgender kids: Have we gone too far?
Transgender Bat-roomie?
Treachery at the top in Afghanistan
Treason chic
Treasury Secretary Jack Lew: Obama can’t stop default if debt ceiling is hit
Treating Anas al-Liby’s hepatitis could gouge U.S. taxpayers
Trent Lott on Ted Cruz: “Cut his legs out from under him”
Triumph of the vulgarians
Trouble in amnesty paradise
Trouble in paradise: Turbulence in the New York Times newsroom
Trouble in the nanny state
Troubled HealthCare.gov to switch website hosting to HP
True bromance: How immigration made friends of Schumer and McCain
Trumka: “We made some mistakes” in writing ObamaCare
Trump on Cruz’s eligibility: “If he was born in Canada, then perhaps not”
Trump: The GOP got nothing from Paul’s filibuster
Trump’s speech announcement boosts CPAC ticket sales
Trust frays between Obama and the Democrats
Trusting the state is costing us our freedom
Trying to build a bomb that won’t blow up
Trying to make sense of the California ObamaCare exchange numbers
Tsarnaev and Miranda rights
Tsarnaev left note scrawled on side of boat in Watertown
Tsarnaev relative in Dagestan is prominent Islamist
Tsarnaev to friend after the bombings: “Tragedies like this happen all the time”
Tsarnaevs received $100,000 in welfare benefits
Tsarnaevs’ parents retreat to village, cancel U.S. trip
Tsarnaevs’ story adds new dimension to immigration debate
Tsarnaev’s mother: We want to bury him in Boston
Tsarnaev’s nurses admit it’s hard not to call him “hon”
Tsarnaev’s wife learned he was a suspect from TV
Tucker Carlson: It looks to me like Woodward hyped his claim of being threatened
Tug of war: How Lavabit resisted the FBI’s attempts to access Snowden’s e-mails
Tunisian girls return home pregnant after “sexual jihad” in Syria
Turkey and Brazil: When democracies revolt
Turkey blows Israel’s cover for Iranian spy ring
Turkey protests continue as country awaits Erdogan’s return
Turkey’s new ally: Iran?
Turkey’s secular awakening
Turkish PM Erdogan blames Israel for Egypt’s coup, of course
Turkish PM Erdogan: Zionism is a crime against humanity
Turkish PM: Israeli strikes in Syria are unjustified
Turkish PM: We would support a U.S.-led no-fly zone in Syria
Turkish police uncover Al Qaeda plot to bomb U.S. embassy, synagogue
Turncoats: How the Taliban undermines and infiltrates Afghan police
Turning back the clock on New York City
Turning off the next generation of politicians
Twelve Days of Christmas valued at $27,393.17 in 2013
Twelve GOP senators back Rand Paul’s gun-control filibuster
Twelve GOP senators dining with Obama tonight to talk about his budget
Twelve different IRS units nationwide targeted conservatives
Twelve reasons to say no to ObamaCare’s Medicaid expansion
Twelve reasons why Obama is one of the best presidents ever
Twenty-year hiatus in rising temperatures has climate scientists puzzled
Twentysomethings aren’t doomed to be poor (but thirtysomethings might be)
Twerking towards Gomorrah
Twidiocracy: The decline of western civilization, 140 characters at a time
Twitter is lame and nasty
Two Americas: D.C. and the one that’s working
Two Free Syrian Army brigades join jihadist Nusra Front
Two Republican senators on their dinner with Obama
Two Secret Service agents cut from Obama’s detail after alleged misconduct
Two U.S. service members killed in Afghanistan in suspected insider attack
Two White House movie tropes that make no sense
Two charts: Why Spain is beyond doomed
Two cheers for GOP rebranding
Two cheers for Mexico’s new junk-food tax
Two cheers for Ted Cruz
Two days later, Atlantans can retrieve cars abandoned in snowstorm
Two decades later, some Branch Davidians still believe
Two generations of Dingells in Congress is more than enough
Two members of Pussy Riot freed as part of Russian amnesty
Two million Internet policemen
Two miserable decades: Don’t worry, the 70s were worse than now. Or were they?
Two new reasons for amnesty paranoia
Two parties start work to avoid repeat crisis
Two passengers using stolen passports on missing Malaysian jet bought their tickets together
Two sides of Rand Paul: One inspires hope for the GOP, one doesn’t
Two states look to raise legal smoking age to 21
Two types of media bias
Two ways the House GOP could blow it before the midterms
Two weeks in, ObamaCare website still broken
Two years later, an Arab Spring in chaos
Two years later, militias rule Libya
U.S. Marines poised to enter South Sudan to protect embassy, evacuate Americans
U.S. Patent and Trademark Office calls “Redskins” offensive
U.S. action in Syria could sway Iran on nukes
U.S. adults score below average on worldwide test
U.S. allies let funds flow to al Qaeda in Syria
U.S. ambassador becomes focus of Egyptians’ distrust of America
U.S. and China smile for cameras, prepare for war
U.S. assures Israel that core Iran sanctions are still in place
U.S. attorney: Hate speech isn’t protected by the First Amendment
U.S. backs off Syria strike for more talk
U.S. balancing act with Egypt grows trickier
U.S. buying up smallpox drugs, just in case of bioterror attack
U.S. cancels part of missile defense that Russia opposed
U.S. carries out airstrike in Somalia targeting jihadi leader
U.S. considers stepping up rebel support
U.S. court renews surveillance program exposed by Snowden
U.S. credibility is not on the (red) line in Syria
U.S. curtails drone strikes in Pakistan as officials there seek peace talks with Taliban
U.S. decided not to horse-trade with Russia on Assad
U.S. default seen as catastrophe that would dwarf Lehman Brothers’ fall
U.S. delays Miranda rights for captured al Qaeda operative
U.S. delays deadline for finalizing Obamacare health plans
U.S. deploys military advisers to Somalia
U.S. diplomat says Washington’s Egypt policy sounds “insane”
U.S. directly blames China’s military for cyberattacks
U.S. disability rolls swell as economy stays rough
U.S. disrupts Afghan government’s plan to forge alliance with Taliban outfit
U.S. doesn’t know what Snowden took, sources say
U.S. domestic surveillance guidelines haven’t been updated in 20 years
U.S. doubts on Syria lie in how sarin exposure occurred
U.S. drone strike targeting Al Qaeda in Yemen kills four
U.S. eager for nuclear talks with Iran’s new “moderate” president
U.S. efforts to capture Benghazi suspects have stalled
U.S. embassy in Cairo shuts Twitter feed after spat with Muslim Brotherhood
U.S. envoy walked out of nuclear meeting after Iran accused Israel of “genocide”
U.S. expected to be largest producer of petroleum and natural gas hydrocarbons in 2013
U.S. extends closure of some embassies through August 10
U.S. extends family leave to same-sex spouses
U.S. finds long-lost diary of top Nazi leader, Hitler aide
U.S. forces move closer to Syria as Obama weighs his options
U.S. forces were ready to strike Syria, surprised by Obama’s decision to pause
U.S. gains ground in war on cultural decay
U.S. general puts troops on security alert after Karzai remarks
U.S. general: Taliban likely to be long-term threat
U.S. government urged to name CEO to run ObamaCare market
U.S. gun rights truly are American exceptionalism
U.S. had intel on chemical strike before it was launched
U.S. halts aid delivery to Syria’s north following Islamist gains
U.S. has lost track of tens of thousands of foreign students who came to study then took jobs
U.S. has yet to deliver arms to Syria rebels
U.S. helping to feed Syrians, but secretly
U.S. inattention to Libya breeds chaos
U.S. intel estimate: Afghanistan gains will be quickly lost after drawdown
U.S. intel report: Iran now has the technical know-how and ability to build nuclear weapons
U.S. intel, Arab allies and even foes decry lack of American vision for Middle East
U.S. intel: Syrian civil war could have years still to go
U.S. intelligence can tolerate Snowden being in Russia
U.S. intelligence suggests Syria may hide some chemical weapons
U.S. investigating Dennis Rodman for busting sanctions on North Korea
U.S. investigators suspect missing Malaysia jet flew for four more hours after last known location
U.S. is being denied direct access to Benghazi suspect held in Egypt
U.S. is last among advanced countries in paid vacation days
U.S. is “appalled” by the deadly violence in Ukraine, but no action announced
U.S. justifies Somalia raid under 2001 AUMF — which Obama seeks to repeal
U.S. lawsuit demands “legal personhood” for chimpanzees
U.S. looking into possible chemical weapons use in Syria
U.S. marriage rate drops to new low
U.S. may be open to Islamists joining Syrian rebel coalition
U.S. military aircraft hit by rebel fire in South Sudan
U.S. military officers have deep doubts about impact, wisdom of a Syria strike
U.S. military: Afghanistan releasing 65 “dangerous insurgents” against our wishes
U.S. move of Vatican embassy draws fire
U.S. must suspend aid after Egypt’s coup
U.S. natural gas is driving Vladimir Putin crazy
U.S. nukes in South Korea are a bad idea
U.S. offers Russia security help with Olympics after Volgograd bombings
U.S. officials don’t know how much secret material Snowden took
U.S. officials won’t cancel military contracts with Al Qaeda supporters due to “due process rights”
U.S. officials, analysts: The Iran-al Qaeda relationship is cracking
U.S. officials: Alexis was treated for mental-health issues recently
U.S. officials: Decision to arm Syrian rebels was actually made weeks ago
U.S. officials: Er, we don’t know where all of Syria’s chemical weapons are
U.S. officials: Fourth American killed by drones was targeted in “signature strike”
U.S. officials: Internet spying helped foil plot to attack NYC subways in 2009
U.S. officials: New wave of cyberattacks came not from China but from Iran
U.S. officials: Some suspected terrorists no longer using Skype after Snowden leaks
U.S. officials: Taliban to open office in Qatar in order to hold peace talks with U.S., Afghanistan
U.S. policy towards Syria is a mess
U.S. posts surprisingly big budget surplus for June
U.S. pressing Latin American countries to reject Snowden
U.S. publishes details of missile base Israel wanted kept secret
U.S. races to make vaccine against new bird flu – just in case
U.S. ready to talk with Iran based on “mutual respect”
U.S. repeals propaganda ban, spreads overseas government-made news to Americans
U.S. said to hold Al Qaeda suspect on Navy ship
U.S. sailor stops Dubai rapist with leg stranglehold, then beats him into submission
U.S. says France, Spain aided NSA spying
U.S. says Iran hacked Navy computers
U.S. says Syrian offer on chemical site inspection is too late
U.S. says it wasn’t responsible for two drone strikes in Pakistan in February
U.S. says new queuing system will help if Healthcare.gov gets too much traffic
U.S. seeks prisoner swap with Taliban to free Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl
U.S. sends arms to help Iraq fight jihadis
U.S. should tell Iran that even tougher sanctions will be imposed if final nuclear deal falls through
U.S. sidelined as Iraq lurches towards civil war
U.S. source: Code words in Al Qaeda intercepts raised “great concern”
U.S. special forces on alert to strike Al Qaeda targets overseas
U.S. spies said there would be no invasion. Putin disagreed.
U.S. spies: No, Russia isn’t about to invade Ukraine
U.S. spy agencies mounted 231 cyber-operations in 2011, docs show
U.S. spy agency paper says fewer than 300 phone numbers closely scrutinized
U.S. spy chief: Snowden leaks sparked welcome debate
U.S. spy court: NSA to keep collecting phone records
U.S. states could turn to firing squads if execution drugs scarce
U.S. still paying Civil War veterans’ families
U.S. still plans to send F-16s to Egypt in the coming weeks
U.S. still trying to restart talks with Taliban
U.S. takes steps to halt economic aid to Egypt — while leaving military aid intact
U.S. to Russia: Turn over Snowden or risk “long-term problems”
U.S. to admit thousands of Syrian refugees
U.S. to close some embassies on Sunday for unspecified security reasons
U.S. to curb Pakistan drone program
U.S. to limit use of religious or ethnic profiling by federal agents
U.S. to offer Iran sanctions relief in return for steps to stop nuke program
U.S. to press Syria by keeping warplanes in Jordan
U.S. tries to deal with “blowback” from disclosure of surveillance on allies
U.S. urges American commercial airlines to respect China’s new disputed air defense zone
U.S. veterans despondent over Al Qaeda’s resurgence in Iraq
U.S. warns countries against Snowden travel
U.S. weighs mission to train Libyan security forces
U.S. writers must take a stand on NSA surveillance
U.S., Israel coordinating on how to attack Assad’s chemical-weapons arsenal
U.S., Japan offer new talks with North Korea
U.S., Russia pledge to work together for a Syrian transitional government
U.S., Russia reach UN deal on Syria chemical arms that doesn’t include military force
U.S., Russia reach agreement on Syrian chemical weapons
U.S., Russia said to up Naval presence in Gulf region
U.S., Russia try to cool things off a bit over Snowden
U.S., South Korea draw up counterpunch in case North Korea provokes
U.S.-Russia deal lets Assad keep his biological weapons
U.S.-backed Syrian rebel army fires top commander many considered ineffective
U.S.: No need for Palestinian Authority to recognize Israel as a Jewish state
UAW asks NLRB to examine vote at Tennessee plant
UCLA student government looks to ban term “illegal immigrant”
UK armed forces making “contingency plans” for military action in Syria
UN begins destroying Syria’s chemical weapons
UN chemical-weapons inspectors ready to deploy to Syria — once Assad says okay
UN chief: Hey, only the Security Council can order airstrikes on Syria
UN experts leave Syria as US edges toward strike
UN has testimony that Syrian rebels used sarin gas
UN may hold international inquiry into crimes against humanity in North Korea
UN may see big action on Syria, Iran during General Assembly next week
UN official will keep job, despite anti-U.S. Boston Marathon rant
UN official: U.S. drone strikes violate Pakistan’s sovereignty
UN panel: Libyan weapons spreading at alarming rate
UN resolution on Syria already facing delay due to disagreements between Russia and the west
UN rights team believes chemical weapons used in Syria
UN secretary general: “Give peace a chance” in Syria
UN: Assad’s forces systematically attacking hospitals
UN: Why not eat more insects?
Ugly stuff: The year’s best MSNBC clips
Uh oh: Despite vows of help, White House withholds thousands of documents from Senate CIA probe
Uh oh: Emails link top Christie aide to GWB lane-closing controversy
Uh oh: Healthcare.gov appears to violate White House guidance on web security
Uh oh: New York Times compares Obama to … Bush
Uh oh: Source says ObamaCare website unlikely to work by end of month
Uh oh: Vast majority of ObamaCare sign-ups this month are for Medicaid, not private insurance
Ukraine and our useless outrage
Ukraine and the clash of civilizations
Ukraine athletes leave Sochi Olympics reportedly in protest
Ukraine finds its forces are ill-equipped to take Crimea back from Russia
Ukraine holds key to Putin’s dream of a new union
Ukraine illustrates the danger of trusting foreign policy to Top Men
Ukraine is a wake-up call for America
Ukraine is hopeless, but not serious
Ukraine may have to go nuclear, says Kiev lawmaker
Ukraine says Russia has sent in 6,000 troops
Ukraine shows the “color revolution” model is dead
Ukraine vs. Homo Sovieticus
Ukraine, Putin, and the big lie: What Russia media is saying about America right now
Ukraine, changed forever on live TV
Ukraine’s revolution: A fight the west can’t afford to win
Ukrainian prime minister: We won’t give up a centimeter of our territory
Ukrainian prime minister: We’ll never give up Crimea
Ukrainian protesters take over capital
Unanswered question: Why did CIA say a protest preceded Benghazi attack?
Unanswered “Bridgegate” questions for Christie
Uncivil service
Unclassified Syria briefing exposes rift among key lawmakers
Uncomfortable truths about family breakdown
Uncommonly partisan: The consistently divisive rhetoric of Barack Obama
Under Florida’s “Stand Your Ground” law, black and white defendants fare equally well
Under Obama, America has become France
Under Obama, it’s always government by freakout
Under ObamaCare, Americans are losing their coverage by political design
Under ObamaCare, worse is the new normal
Under fire again, will Iowa caucuses remain first?
Under pressure from Egyptian military, White House pulls pick for ambassador to Egypt
Under the black flag of al-Qaeda, the Syrian city ruled by gangs of extremists
Under the bus: NSA angry about WH denials of involvment in spying on foreign leaders
Understanding evangelicals and immigration reform
Understanding the enemy
Unemployment benefits could be a key issue in the midterms
Union greed drives California to bankruptcy
Union membership in Iowa shrinks to 30-year low
Union of immigration enforcement officers to oppose Senate bill
Unions getting grumpy about ObamaCare
Unions looking to stalk their way into our hearts — and don’t bother trying to stop them, either
Unions paid MSNBC’s Schultz $177,000 in 2012, $75,000 in 2013
United Nation’s Syria team says vehicle was shot at by snipers
UnitedHealth drops thousands of doctors from insurance plans
UnitedHealthCare dropping hundreds of doctors from Medicare Advantage plans
Universal preschool is a sure path to the middle class
University’s popular mascot deemed “polarizing” for being a white man
Unless Obama’s serious, vote no
Unlimited access to the president — for a price
Unlock those cell phones!
Unpopular at home, abandoned abroad
Unprecedented incompetence
Unpublished CRS memo: Administration has missed half of ObamaCare’s deadlines
Until the whole is leavened: Religious freedom for the butcher and baker, not just the bishop
Until yesterday, CBS hadn’t aired an Attkinson report on Benghazi in five months
Unworkable ObamaCare
Uphold the Third Amendment
Upstart groups challenge Rove for GOP cash
Urban vs. rural: The split on gay marriage
Using immigrants to save Detroit?
Using metadata to find Paul Revere
Utah rulng means no respite for Supreme Court on gay marriage
Utah’s marriage battles and the ghost of Brigham Young
Utah’s polygamy law wasn’t really “weakened” by a federal judge
VA: Navy Yard gunman didn’t reveal homicidal thoughts in ER treatments
Vaccination disinformation: Is Katie Couric the next Jenny McCarthy?
Valerie Jarrett: ObamaCare and immigration reform will be Obama’s top achievements
Valerie Jarrett: Often whispered-about, but never challenged
Varied alliance to press House on immigration bill
Vast study casts doubt on value of mammograms
Vatican asks: Is the Hulk Catholic?
Vatican: Assad sent private message to Pope
Vatican: Pope John Paul II to become a saint
Vatican: Pope is not open to recognizing gay civil unions
Venezuela halts efforts to improve U.S. relations
Venezuela might ban bottle-feeding for babies for some reason
Venezuela, Nicaragua willing to grant asylum to Snowden
Venezuela: It’s come to this
Venezuelan journalist rightly wonders why American media is ignoring the unfolding crisis
Venezuelan president: Snowden deserves the world’s protection
Venezuelan president: The U.S. is trying to kill me
Venezuela’s useful idiots
Vermont may become fourth state to pass end-of-life choice law
Vermont’s ObamaCare exchange fiasco
Veteran Democratic strategist: Party in decline, “at risk” after Obama leaves office
Veteran lawyers: No clear-cut abuse by DOJ in AP probe
Veterans plot to expand revolt against government shutdown
Victims push laws to end online revenge posts
Video: Atheist confronts GOP rep at town-hall meeting
Video: Barilla founder apologizes to gays
Video: California college forbids passing out Constitutions… on Constitution Day
Video: Can Hillary Clinton’s supporters name her accomplishments?
Video: Chelsea Clinton’s journalism career coming along nicely
Video: Chilling story from the cabbie who drove the Boston terror suspects
Video: Chris Christie lands the Shaq endorsement
Video: Chris Matthews predicts 2016
Video: Chris Wallace tests Christie with “lightning round” on guns, immigration
Video: Christians increasingly targeted in Egypt
Video: College professor arrested amid profanity-laced rant against students’ pro-life display
Video: Dana Perino’s secret
Video: David Brooks warns about the rise of “Ted Cruz-ism”
Video: Dem rep attacks Hobby Lobby for trying to impose a state religion or something
Video: Detroit’s tragedy and how to fix it
Video: Disfigured man talks about meeting the Pope
Video: Does Ted Cruz agree with Scott Walker that the next GOP nominee shouldn’t be a “Washington person”?
Video: Don’t tell MSNBC’s Chris Matthews how to pronounce “Cheney,” ever
Video: Drone strikes are “legal,” “ethical,” and “wise”
Video: Felix Baumgartner’s space jump — a first-person view
Video: Go, condor, go!
Video: Harvard Crimson president defends editorial urging some conservatives not to enroll
Video: Holder has “no intention” of stepping down
Video: How can a robot beat humans at rock-paper-scissors every time?
Video: Huckabee endorses Lindsey Graham
Video: Israel is responsible for the chemical attack in Syria, says British MP
Video: It’s come to this
Video: It’s “frustrating” that “crime is going down” while there are “more people in prison,” says Chris Hayes
Video: I’m “100 percent not” sexting right now, and I’ve deleted everything
Video: Jake Tapper on the toughest story of his career
Video: Joe Scarborough vs. Paul Krugman
Video: John Boehner’s 36-hour budget
Video: Karl Rove responds to Palin’s CPAC remarks
Video: Kirsten Powers on becoming a Christian
Video: Leaning tower of Pisa leaning less?
Video: Liz Cheney and the Wyoming challenge
Video: Maher panel bashes “Mr. Conservative” Chris Christie over Paul spat
Video: Meet the SEAL who became a “warrior princess”
Video: Melissa Harris-Perry apologizes to the Romney family
Video: Mike Huckabee thinking about 2016 presidential run
Video: Mike Rowe on “the worst advice in the history of the world”
Video: Mitt Romney accepts Melissa Harris-Perry’s apology
Video: Morsi v. Morsi on accepting U.S. aid
Video: NBC reporter stops poop-cruise passenger from quoting the Bible
Video: NYC voter rips Weiner over sexting lies
Video: North Korea, a journey into hell
Video: North Korean children weep as they pledge allegiance to Kim Jong Un
Video: Obama refuses to say if he has confidence in Sebelius
Video: ObamaCare is “making the future bleak for too many families,” says Gov. Pence
Video: Obama’s decision to delay Syria strike is “sort of like amateur hour”
Video: Parts of GOP’s debt-ceiling proposal “chilling,” “almost spiteful,” says Bill Clinton
Video: Semper “Fee”?
Video: Sheila Jackson-Lee wonders if shutdown could have motivated driver behind Capitol car chase
Video: Students at historically black college complain ObamaCare has left them uninsured
Video: Syrian civil war fighters include ex-Guantanamo detainees
Video: Ted Cruz on “The Tonight Show”
Video: Tesla Model S, “America’s safest car,” ablaze after fire starts in battery pack
Video: Texas student to hand out free shotguns as part of gun experiment
Video: The GOP is the party of Jefferson Davis, says Chris Matthews
Video: The buck stops where?
Video: The greatest buzzer-beater ever?
Video: The largest building in the world
Video: The “No Labels” response to the State of the Union
Video: The “smart tooth”
Video: Three reasons to build the Keystone pipeline
Video: Three reasons — beside Lois Lerner — to fear the IRS
Video: Watch how quickly an epidemic would spread around the world
Video: Waziristan jihadis now showing off their “little commandos”
Video: Weiner releases TV ad for some reason
Video: What happens if you cry in space?
Video: What happens when you ask Americans about Joe Biden
Video: What we saw at NYC’s fast-food strike
Video: What we saw at the anti-NSA “Stop Watching Us” rally
Video: When hockey fights end in high-fives
Video: Where does time come from? From the U.S. Naval Observatory
Video: Where the CPAC immigration panel went wrong
Video: White House advisor backs off original ObamaCare enrollment expectations
Video: Why no smart city would want the NFL
Video: Woolwich jihadis were shot while charging police car
Video: Would Hillary have been a better president than Obama?
Video: Would Jesus have been a Democrat?
Video: Yes, Obama knew in 2010 that millions might have to change their coverage
Video: “A promise he could not keep”
Video: “Are you saying … Ted Cruz and his group loves the country?”
Video: “Daily Show” audience laughs at Ronan Farrow’s assertion that MSNBC is a “serious news network”
Video: “Do you ever want to be in the White House again?”
Video: “He’s got balls made out of marshmallows”
Video: “How many people can get stoned and still have a great state or a great nation?”
Video: “I don’t understand the way some people on the Left glorify American terrorists”
Video: “I move on. And I charge forth.”
Video: “If Chris Christie were the Republican nominee, in 2016, would Mark Levin support him?”
Video: “In order to be a liberal, you have to like every stupid idea Barack Obama has”
Video: “It only costs 35 bucks to bust this man in the mouth”
Video: “It’s gone, baby, it’s in your head”
Video: “It’s not Watergate. He’s not the president.”
Video: “It’s not really about Republican versus Democrat anymore. This is our [libertarian] moment.”
Video: “I’m the original voice of Siri”
Video: “Marxism is not coming, Marxism is here”
Video: “Nice going, boyfriend”
Video: “No doubt, the inclination is… to isolate Florida as a kind of apartheid state…”
Video: “That’s all they’ve done their entire life is borrow money from rich people to seek public office”
Video: “Thus far everybody has taken a look at the rates and they’ve walked out the door”
Video: “To all the women I offended, I had no intention to be offensive”
Video: “What if he does it again? You would sleep soundly?”
Video: “[A]s a journalist you weigh how much you should criticize the president, because he’s black”
Video: “[S]ometime very soon we’re gonna have a female president”
Video: Dude
Videos: The dueling chaplains of Congress
Vindication at last for meteor-watchers
Violating children’s dignity in the age of social media
Violence flares as shoppers slug it out for the best Black Friday deals
Violent Egyptian insurgency already taking root in Sinai
Virginia AG asks federal courts to declare state’s gay-marriage ban unconstitutional
Virginia Dems belittle GOP candidate for praying for end to shutdown
Virginia law barred Navy Yard shooter from buying AR-15
Virginia lawmakers expected to set electric chair as backup when lethal injection unavailable
Virginia pizzeria: 15% off for anyone who walks in with a firearm
Virginia state senator Creigh Deeds critically wounded in stabbing; son dead of gunshot
Virginia wants to bring back the electric chair
Virginia’s blood-spattered abortion clinics and onerous hallway widths
Virtual reality is almost here, finally
Viva the status quo: What ObamaCare teaches us about immigration reform
Viva Rubio
Vlad the impaler: The master of power politics
Vladimir Putin challenges U.S. on Syria claims
Vladimir Putin is no Hitler
Vladimir Putin, conservative icon?
Vote count: Budget deal nearing Senate approval, but not there yet
Vote on health-care benefits for illegals splits Gang of Eight
Voters are being orphaned as country-club Republicans link up with Democratic ruling class
Voters are finished believing Obama’s health care promises
Voters don’t like the political class bossing them around
Voting is a lousy way to express yourself
Voting no on Syria won’t weaken America’s credibility, just Obama’s
Vulnerable Democrats’ 2014 Obama problem
Vulnerable Senate Dems plot 2014 ObamaCare strategy
WH chief of staff: We didn’t call the Libyans during the Benghazi attack but we did convene some deputies
WH confirms: To avoid ObamaCare penalty, you’ll need to buy insurance by 2/14, not 3/31
WH meeting with Congress on Iran today, might ask for delay in sanctions
WH official: Obama will “throw down the gauntlet” to Congress in the SOTU
WH report finds drones, AQ giving CIA tunnel vision
WH to declare that it met its deadline on Healthcare.gov — despite not meeting all of its internal goals
WHO reports first patient-to-nurse spread of new SARS-like virus
WIll Florida’s legislature halt Rick Scott’s Medicaid expansion?
WMO: 2013 is the seventh-hottest year on record so far
WSJ: ObamaCare software can’t reliably determine enrollees’ eligibilty for subsidies
WWE to Glenn Beck: Come to our show and explain why our tea-party character is offensive
WWII vet: Removing Iwo Jima Memorial barricades “blew my mind… It was great.”
WaPo admits there’s a Gosnell blackout — but denies that it’s due to bias
WaPo backtracks on claim that tech companies knowingly participated in PRISM
WaPo staying focused on the big issues
WaPo: Be careful for what you wish, House Democrats
Wage strikes planned at fast-food outlets
Wait continues in West Virginia for safe tap water after chemical spill
Wait, Marco Rubio would shut down the government over ObamaCare?
Waiting for Jeb
Waitress accused of anti-gay note hoax refunds donations from well-wishers
Wake up! Immigration reform is coming
Wall Street advisor recommends guns, ammo for protection in a collapse
Wall Street mothers, stay-home fathers
Wall Street rules a conundrum for Chris Christie 2016
Wall Street’s nightmare: President Elizabeth Warren
Want a better GOP? Get better storytellers
Want to bring America’s classes together? Make poker mandatory
Want to control a 17-year-old’s decisions? Now’s your chance
Want to enhance long-term memory? Drink espresso
Want to keep tweeting after you’re dead? There’s an app for that
Want to punish Putin? Then punish the oligarchs who support him
Want to stay sharp in old age? Have a drink
Want to wake up the GDP? Get some sleep
Wanted: Bachelor’s degree + two years experience… for a McDonald’s cashier
Wanted: Disruptive candidates
Wanted: Time travelers forecasting on social media
War by euphemism
War by wordplay
War on women 2.0
War tourists flock to Syria’s front lines
Warlord Kony “in a box,” U.S. war crimes chief says
Warming up for another climate-change report
Warren Buffett is “America’s billionaire” or something
Warren Buffett offers $1 billion for a perfect March Madness bracket
Wary Congress eyes fresh sanctions against Iran
Was 2013 the year we lost China?
Was Bush really a champion of democracy?
Was Hillary a good secretary of state?
Was Mandela right to sell out black South Africans?
Was Michael Moore’s dramatic rescue of an Oscar-nominated director just a stunt?
Was Mitt Romney right about ObamaCare?
Was Mitt Romney right about everything?
Was Ryan’s budget really a losing issue in 2012?
Was Tamerlan Tsarnaev connected to an unsolved murder?
Was building Healthcare.gov really that hard?
Was police shooting of Capitol car-chase driver justified?
Was the American Revolution a holy war?
Was the Iraq invasion worthwhile? Ask an Iraqi
Was the alleged CIA spy detained in Russia investigating the Boston bombings?
Was this week’s spotlight enough to boost Cruz in 2016?
Was “Caddyshack” right-wing propaganda?
Washington D.C. and the problem of power inequality
Washington Post editor: In retrospect, we should have had someone cover Gosnell
Washington Post liberal columnist: Really rich people owning businesses is a good thing
Washington Post report confuses one prostitute with another in bid to debunk Menendez allegations
Washington booms — thanks to other people’s money
Washington fixes ObamaCare — for Washington
Washington in three words: Dumb, arbitrary, inexcusable
Washington is killing the economy
Washington politicos take “responsibility” but not blame
Washington state woman inadvertently live-tweets husband’s fatal auto accident
Washington weighs first-in-nation abortion insurance mandate
Washington worked better when there were more earmarks and less transparency
Washington, D.C. to bid for 2024 Olympics
Washington, D.C.: A world apart
Washington, DC: An imperial capital on the Potomac
Washington, the town where nobody gets fired
Washington’s extortion racket
Washington’s latest special favor: An ethanol exemption for one lucky refinery
Washington’s leadership criss
Washington’s liberal establishment is abnormal, not Ted Cruz
Washington’s three most irrational arguments in 2013
Watch out for Mike Pence in 2016
Watch out for Petraeus in Benghazi scandal
Watch out for Rand Paul
Watch out for the rise of a European Tea Party
Watch out, Speaker Boehner
Watch out, social-media users, your character is showing
Watchdog: Syria’s chemical weapons facilities destroyed
Watched cops are polite cops
Water 6,700 times more radioactive than legal limit spills from Fukushima
Water-gate: Rubio ends up the winner
Waterloo: Colorado state senators who supported new gun laws lose recall elections
Wave of retirements hitting the federal workforce
Ways and Means chair: We’re going to “ramp up” our investigation of the IRS
We Christians live in fear in Syria
We Democrats had better forget about 2016 and start worrying about 2014
We Democrats have a wonk gap with Republicans
We accept your challenge to a debate on amnesty, Paul Ryan
We ain’t broke
We all speak like Valley Girls now
We are Femen, the naked shock troops of feminism
We are the 55 percent
We can oppose bigotry without help from politicians
We can still beat China back to the moon
We can’t cut aid to Egypt (yet)
We can’t fix Syria
We can’t ignore the foreign roots of the bombing
We can’t let the Boston bombing stop immigration reform
We can’t wait for the debt crisis, Mr. President
We don’t need 2016 babble over Syria
We don’t need a constitutional convention to solve gridlock in Congress
We don’t need a military draft
We don’t need another billion people
We don’t need tougher standards for self-defense
We endorse Anthony Weiner for mayor
We finally have a name for Scooby-Doo’s speech disorder
We have no choice in Egypt right now but to back the military
We have to step in and save Detroit
We have to work with Syria’s Islamists
We in the Muslim Brotherhood will not turn to violence
We in the newsroom sure do miss Kay Bailey Hutchison
We may despise the Muslim Brotherhood, but a coup is a coup
We need NSA surveillance
We need a debt-limit do-over
We need a different way to pay doctors
We need a lower threshold for committing mentally ill people
We need a more powerful IRS
We need a new jurisprudence of anonymity
We need a whistleblower prize
We need an IQ test for politicians
We need climate-change risk assessment
We need more immigration to build a “knowledge economy”
We need proof on marijuana
We need to come to a national consensus on reclining airplane seats
We need to get more comfortable with the idea of people dying in space
We need to stop the coddling the elderly
We owe our kids universal pre-school
We paid a heavy price in Iraq — but it would have been worse if we’d backed away
We pretend to teach, they pretend to learn
We saw you naked and we laughed: Confessions of a TSA agent
We survived the poop cruise
We told you so about ObamaCare
We who defend gun control are the real fighters for liberty
We will no longer refer to Washington’s football team as the “Redskins”
We won’t back down on ObamaCare
We won’t give in to Putin’s bullying
Wealthy conservative donors begin new push for gay marriage
Wealthy selfies: How being rich increases narcissism
Weaned on the BBC’s hatred, no wonder young Britons rejoice at Thatcher’s death
Weapons made with 3-D printers could test gun-control efforts
Wearing a flag of surrender
Website of top House Republican drops opposition to amnesty
Week two: Will the scandals live on?
Weeks of work on Healthcare.gov still lie ahead
Weiner campaign paid private eye $45,000 to investigate own 2011 Twitter “hacking” lie
Weiner defies the elite sex police
Weiner encourages crowd at Ecuadorean parade chanting “Carlos Danger”
Weiner exits race true to form — by giving reporter the finger
Weiner gaining in New York mayor’s race
Weiner gets into shouting match in first confrontation over sexting scandal
Weiner using Clinton playbook? No way
Weiner, Sanford, and the political-affirmation junkies
Weiner, Spitzer both lose primaries in NYC
Weiner: If the Internet didn’t exist, I’d probably be mayor
Weiners of the world
Weiner’s a good Democrat, says … Marion Barry
Weiner’s fundraising wilts after sexting revelations
Weiner’s new strategy: Play on voters’ sympathies
Weiner’s odds of winning are better than Spitzer’s
Weiner’s record in the House: Intensity, publicity, and limited results
Weiner’s relationship with former staffer raises questions
Weiner’s spokesman explodes in profane tirade about intern who wrote Daily News piece
Weiner’s surprising rebound from scandal
Weiner’s in!
Weird how interventionists keep finding talented politicians with foreign-policy blank slates
Welcome to the Rubio & Rand Party
Welcome to the Unaffordable Careless Act
Welcome to the United States of paranoia
Welfare-by-waiver for amnestied immigrants?
Wendy Davis and Texas are a problem for Democrats
Wendy Davis condemns politicians who use abortion politics for their own political ambitions
Wendy Davis doesn’t stand a chance
Wendy Davis has no future in politics
Wendy Davis is America’s conscience on abortion or something
Wendy Davis new Democratic superstar or something
Wendy Davis numbers expected to confirm: Abortion is a moneymaker for politicians
Wendy Davis offers a warning to Democrats
Wendy Davis preparing to run for governor of Texas for some reason
Wendy Davis ready to lose election for governor of Texas in a landslide
Wendy Davis shouldn’t be sainted for her filibuster
Wendy Davis was a media hero and Ted Cruz is a “grandstander”
Wendy Davis will cause Democrats to divert resources to Georgia
Wendy Davis won’t repeat filibuster during Texas special session
Wendy Davis, Democrats’ big hope in Texas
Wendy Davis, classic Texas four-flusher
Wendy Davis: Tough, cool, and wrong
Wendy Davis: “I am pro-life”
Wendy Davis: “Texas is not really a red state”
Wendy Davis’ open-carry announcment may cost her any chance of winning
Wendy Davis’s pay grade
Wendy Davis’s non-campaign
Wendy versus Sarah: A thought experiment
Were other agencies involved in the IRS’s intimidation tactics?
West Point hosts first wedding between two men
West and Iran may be near a nuclear deal
West tries to loosen Russia’s gas grip
Western allies warned Egyptian military to the end: Don’t do it
Western diplomats now believe Karzai won’t sign a security deal with the U.S.
Western governments under fire for lack of transparency in Syria WMD claims
Western intel experts suspect China drained Snowden’s laptops before he left
We’d be better off without the Internet
We’ll never find Atlantis. That’s why we keep looking for it.
We’re all Dick Cheney now
We’re all going to pension hell
We’re calling in the tech cavalry to help fix the ObamaCare website
We’re googling the New York Times to death
We’re just not that special: What the Crimea crisis reveals about America’s self-obsession
We’re leading, and winning, from behind
We’re living “1984″ today
We’re losing the two things Tocqueville said mattered most about American democracy
We’re moonwalking in Syria
We’re not doing right by the next generation, are we?
We’re not easing sanctions on Iran
We’re pointing a gun at our democracy
We’re ruled by space monkeys
We’re still basically the same country that declared independence in 1776
We’ve ceded too much to the imperial presidency
We’ve made dramatic improvement
We’ve snatched defeat from the jaws of victory
We’ve wasted our global time-out or something
What 128-degree heat feels like
What America really needs is an Alternative Maximum Tax
What Americans agree on: God, country, and sex ed
What America’s top tech and telecom companies don’t want you to know about domestic spying
What Belgium’s child euthanasia law means for America and the Constitution
What Bridgegate cost Christie in the 2016 race
What Cold War II will look like
What Colorado’s recall results mean for Dems
What Egypt needs is a one-year moratorium on protests
What FBI “investigation” of the IRS scandal?
What George W. Bush did right
What Hillary’s campaign-in-waiting means for Republicans
What Hillary’s not telling us
What Holder isn’t saying about letting felons vote
What I don’t get about the immigration debate
What I got wrong this year
What I learned about President Obama from playing basketball with him
What I learned about gun control from hunting
What I learned from watching a week of North Korean TV
What I saw at the Gathering of the Juggalos
What I saw at the Gosnell trial
What Iran’s demographic precipice means for the U.S.
What John McCain’s immigration dishonesty tells us about the folly of comprehensive reform
What Maryland does better than Texas
What NSA reforms?
What Netanyahu gained by apologizing to Turkey
What Obama and the tea party have in common
What Obama can learn from Reagan about Russia
What Obama forgot to apologize for
What Obama is doing in Israel
What Obama learned from Syria: Say nothing
What Obama meant was, if you can’t keep your plan you can get a new one
What Obama misunderstands about Egypt
What ObamaCare and the latest NSA scandal have in common
What ObamaCare has cost Democrats
What ObamaCare means for corporations’ retirees
What Obama’s TV picks tell us about him
What Obama’s gamble on Syria means for challenging Iran
What Obama’s “Bulworth” fantasy reveals
What Paul misses: Congress, not the Constitution, should limit the president’s war power
What Putin really wants
What Rand Paul got right
What Republican rebels will do next in shutdown fight
What Republicans can learn from Pope Francis
What Republicans need to say about Iraq
What Republicans need to win the Senate in 2014
What Republicans should say to Wall Street
What Rubio should have told Wall Street: I’m not a crony capitalist
What Russian authorities might be doing with Edward Snowden
What Russian intelligence might ask Snowden
What Sharknado’s ratings bust says about how we consume media
What Snowden and Manning don’t understand about secrecy
What Snowden has cost us
What Snowden needs now is a good lawyer
What Ted Cruz knows that his critics don’t
What Wal-Mart knows about Hispanics
What a North Korean collapse would look like
What a conservative foreign policy towards North Korea would look like
What a shooting war in the East China Sea might look like
What about Clinton’s IRS?
What about Trayvon Martin’s right to stand his ground?
What are conservatives for? Or, how community isn’t always communist
What cards are left for Boehner to play?
What causes government spending to go down: Circumstance or ideology?
What comes after ObamaCare?
What conservative Christians miss in the debate over religious liberties and gay marriage
What conservatives are for
What could go wrong?
What did Edward Snowden get wrong? Everything
What did Iran know about Bin Laden’s son-in-law?
What did the president know and when did he know it?
What do Pope Francis and President Obama have in common?
What do conservatives gain from a shutdown?
What do female medical students think of abortion?
What do the jobless do when benefits end?
What do you have to do to make page one?
What does Paul Krugman think he gains from his rudeness?
What does Putin get from giving temporary asylum to Edward Snowden?
What does a smaller workforce mean for the future of America?
What does it take to stop kids from skipping school?
What effect does standing and talking for 21 hours have on your health?
What exactly has Snowden’s new “manifesto” accomplished?
What feminism has come to
What fracking does to your hormones
What gun-loving liberals think
What happened to Bob McDonnell?
What happened to Democratic centrists?
What happened to Eric Holder?
What happened to Rolling Stone?
What happened to all the files seized from Bin Laden’s compound?
What happened to bombing Iran?
What happened to immigration reform?
What happened to moral courage?
What happened to the Benghazi investigation?
What happened to California?
What happened when one man pinged the Internet
What happens when a man takes on the Feds
What happens when a store lets a customer return whatever they want?
What happens when the president sits down next to you at a cafe
What happens when you just give money to poor people?
What hath Rand Paul wrought?
What health insurance doesn’t do
What if Americans rebel against the individual mandate?
What if China hacks the NSA’s giant data trove?
What if China stops buying U.S. government debt?
What if Egypt’s Islamist insurgents close the Suez Canal?
What if JFK lived? Five headlines that might have been
What if Obama can’t lead?
What if ObamaCare’s software crashes and burns?
What if President Romney had suspended ObamaCare?
What if Ukrainians had more guns?
What if all NFL logos were British?
What if fetuses do feel pain?
What if immigration reform fails?
What if inaction on Syria leads to “blowback” too?
What if journalists had to disclose drug use?
What if millennials start to hate ObamaCare?
What if party makeovers don’t work?
What if the 21st century begins in 2014?
What if the Germans had won World War I?
What if the Muslim Brotherhood is elected again?
What if the ObamaCare website still isn’t working by next November?
What if the baseball season were only 16 games long?
What if the next president is even worse on civil liberties?
What if the sequester is exactly what America needs?
What if there aren’t any more antibiotics to be discovered?
What if there was a terrorist attack but no one told us?
What if we never run out of oil?
What illegal immigrants really want: Work
What is Jeb Bush up to?
What is President Obama thinking about with a military intervention in Syria?
What is Ted Cruz’s foreign policy?
What is art for?
What is a dictator?
What is the point of a Syrian intervention?
What it was like to watch the first screening of “Star Wars” with George Lucas
What it’s like to give birth in the middle of a tornado
What keeps NATO’s commander up at night: “Convergence”
What kind of conservative will Marco Rubio be today?
What kind of populist are you?
What liberals don’t get about single payer
What machines can’t do
What makes chemical weapons, not conventional weapons, a “red line”?
What makes politicians like Weiner and McDonnell do such stupid things?
What mass killers want, and how to stop them
What men want: Condoms that fit
What motivates Internet trolls?
What motivates a lawyer to defend a Tsarnaev, Castro, or Zimmerman?
What now for libertarians after Ron Paul?
What opponents of “stop and frisk” and gun control have in common
What poker teaches us
What race was Jesus? No one knows for sure
What real GOP outreach to Latinos would look like
What really scares Putin
What selfies reveal about cultural stereotypes
What sequester? Washington booms as new Gilded Age takes root
What should Hillary fear?
What stands in the way of a Republican revival? Republicans
What that Coca-Cola ad tells us about Americanism
What that NYT op-ed by a Gitmo detainee left out
What the Arab world needs most isn’t democracy, it’s capitalism
What the Christie vs. Paul feud taught us
What the Church needs now
What the Clintons tell us about American democracy
What the Duke porn-star student shows us about our degraded culture
What the GOP can learn from Putin for the ObamaCare fight
What the GOP can learn from the NFL about outreach to women
What the Iran deal does, and doesn’t do
What the Iraq war taught me about Syria
What the NSA and social media have in common
What the Pope gets wrong about capitalism
What the Republican Party can learn from Pope Francis
What the Virginia governor’s race tells us about the 2014 midterms
What the hell is Barack Obama’s presidency for?
What the library of the future will look like
What the world of 2014 looks like, according to Isaac Asimov in 1964
What the “God made a farmer” ad reveals about U.S. farm policy
What these Arab Spring nations need are post-revolution leaders
What to do about America’s low-skill work force?
What to do when ObamaCare unravels
What to make of this recent “plateau” in global warming?
What to name America’s nameless war?
What took so long for three women candidates to get presidential buzz?
What was Sebelius’s role in building the online ObamaCare exchanges?
What was the point of ObamaCare?
What we don’t know about Iran’s black box
What we learned after 11 days of analyzing Martin Bashir and MSNBC
What we lose if we give up privacy
What we need to heal our divided nation is national service
What we really need is single-payer health care
What went on in Cleveland’s House of Horrors
What went right in Afghanistan
What were IRS biggies really doing at the White House?
What will Boehner do on gun control and immigration?
What will Obama do about Ukraine with Putin’s hand on his throat?
What will Republicans offer to replace ObamaCare?
What will happen to the 3.5 million people Schumer-Rubio doesn’t legalize?
What will happen to the missing millions of immigration reform?
What will it take to dislodge Hamas?
What will the next mass extinction look like?
What would Aquinas say about legalizing weed?
What would Chinese hegemony look like?
What would George Washington do with Syria?
What would Jesus do? Bake the cake for the gay couple
What would Jesus do? Evangelicals launch ad campaign for immigration reform
What would Lincoln do?
What would President Romney do?
What would W do?
What would constitute “success” for ObamaCare?
What would happen if the dollar was no longer the world’s reserve currency?
What would war on the Korean peninsula look like?
What would you have done? Nelson Mandela and American conservatives
What your name says about your politics
What “World War Z” can teach us about pandemics
What “costs” will Russia suffer for invading Crimea?
What “monster porn” says about science and sexuality
What “women’s health” really means
What austerity?
What’s a business owner to do when his most reliable workers may also be illegal?
What’s a doctor to do when a terrorist is wheeled into the ER?
What’s behind MSNBC’s ratings decline?
What’s behind the declining abortion rate?
What’s behind the drop in U.S. teen birth rates?
What’s behind the funding of the welfare state
What’s driving Newt Gingrich’s turn against neoconservatism?
What’s driving the media’s Chris Christie hysteria?
What’s happening in Kiev right now is Vladimir Putin’s worst nightmare
What’s in this mystery house in North Carolina?
What’s inside the CIA’s “black site” database?
What’s more rewarding, raising kids or going to the office?
What’s next after the sequester? A government shutdown, maybe
What’s next for Sarah Palin?
What’s really at stake in the “income inequality” debate
What’s really driving the “Free Jahar” idiocy?
What’s really driving Snowden?
What’s really wrong with the Middle East
What’s really wrong with young people today: Juvenoia
What’s so bad about casual drug use?
What’s the GOP foreign-policy alternative?
What’s the best way to get to the top? Be a failure
What’s the connection between abortion and careers?
What’s the difference between Obama and Rubio on immigration exactly?
What’s the funniest number?
What’s the next step for defunders?
What’s the plan in the Senate for defunding ObamaCare?
What’s the quantum of proof necessary for police to rape and torture you in New Mexico?
What’s the real number of illegal border crossings?
What’s up with the kind-of, sort-of shutdown of government websites?
What’s worse than rule by cronies? Rule by phonies
What’s wrong with coziness between journalists and government officials?
What’s wrong with rooting for ObamaCare to fail?
What’s wrong with the NFL?
What’s wrong with Obama?
When Congress abdicates
When Democrats go to war
When Hollywood’s right wing was cool
When LGBT activists become bullies
When Linda cheated
When Obama can’t sell a Syria strike to Democrats on the merits, he turns to partisan loyalty
When Obama met Sebelius: Almost never, as it turns out
When ObamaCare mugs a liberal
When Reagan cut and run
When a Democrat does it, it’s not illegal
When a Republican senator fails to understand the difference between force and choice
When a child of atheists embraces faith
When a co-pay gets in the way of health
When a president gets a little, chances are he’ll take a lot
When anti-Americanism is this popular in Egypt, Washington should stay as far away as it can
When assimilation stalls
When can the U.S. kill Americans? The White House won’t say
When can the government require groups to endorse certain views in order to get benefits?
When cars assume ethnic identities
When class trumps identity
When confirmation numbers go bad
When did Rob Portman really change his mind on gay marriage?
When did faith start to fade?
When did it become scandalous for nations to spy on each other?
When did letting kids mow the lawn become a cultural bridge too far?
When did liberals get so uptight?
When doing good means you’re bad
When elite U.S. forces strapped nukes to their backs
When everything is a crime, government data mining matters
When good people use bad logic
When government goes bad
When hawks suddenly become doves
When insurers drop plans: Three stories
When is a baby not a baby?
When is it okay to brag about your child?
When isolationism ruled the land
When it comes to domestic spying, the U.S. is no China
When it mattered most, invasive surveillance programs didn’t work, say reporters
When liberals became scolds
When may I shoot a student?
When memories never fade
When millennials can’t move out of their parents’ basements, the entire economy suffers
When most U.S. forces leave Afghanistan, contractors may stay
When nerds collide
When playing video games means sitting on life’s sidelines
When politicians attack
When sexting goes bad
When stay-at-home husbands are embarrassing to their wives
When the Obama magic died
When the best chance for peace means war
When the right to bear arms includes the mentally ill
When the right to religion conflicts with a changing society
When the whole world has drones
When to spy on our friends
When war weariness wears off
When wealth disappears
When welfare pays better than work
When will America burst D.C.’s bubble?
When will drones stop killing innocent people in Yemen?
When will the national debt reach a tipping point?
When will the shutdown talk get shut down?
When women set their own salaries, there’s still a pay gap
When work disappears: What do we do with people whose livelihoods are destroyed?
When your name is Saddam Hussein
When your psychologist is a sim
When “60 Minutes” checks its skepticism at the door
When “helicopter parenting” goes bad
When “illegal” is accurate
When “leave us alone” became “bake us a cake”
Where Obama went wrong in the gun-control fight
Where are all the miracle drugs?
Where are the honest atheists?
Where are the party gatherings for moderates?
Where are the smartest 15-year-olds in the world? Not in America
Where are the start-ups?
Where conservatives can find common ground on limiting government
Where do old memories go?
Where does the Muslim Brotherhood go from here?
Where even the middle class can’t afford to live anymore
Where have all the cowboys gone?
Where have all the good men gone? Ask women, too
Where have all the jobs gone?
Where have all the liberal lions gone?
Where higher education went wrong
Where in the world is Harry Reid?
Where is the Democratic party’s pro-ObamaCare campaign?
Where is the media on Obama’s whistleblower scandals?
Where isolationism leads
Where mail with illegible addresses goes to be read
Where the right and left agree on inequality
Where was the tea party?
Where will Europe’s jihadis go once they leave Syria?
Where will U.S. drones be stationed once we’re out of Afghanistan?
Where would Democrats be without the Koch brothers?
Where, oh where are the moderate Republicans?
Where’s sense of crisis in a 17 percent government shutdown?
Where’s that 5% unemployment rate Obama promised by now?
Where’s the anti-war left on Iran?
Where’s the moral outrage?
Where’s the oversight on NSA spying?
Where’s their nerve? Today’s comics mock poop, not the powerful
Where’s the love?
Where’s the shame?
Where’s Snowden?
Which American Al Qaeda turncoat could be on the U.S. kill list?
Which GOP House members might support immigration reform?
Which are the most, and least, “Bible-minded” cities in the US?
Which nations hate the U.S.? Often those receiving aid
Which organs can I live without, and how much cash can I get for them?
Which senators and representatives have signed up for ObamaCare?
While Obama pushes to put more people on the dole, many older welfare states now stress work
While Republicans squabble, Obama plots path to victory in 2014
While Snowden stays in hiding, Russian media builds a pedestal for him
While some Republicans feud, others wonder: Is that really a problem?
While the House immigration gang struggles, GOP hints at Republican bill
White House Correspondents’ Dinner 2013: The politics of celebrity
White House adviser: Obamacare didn’t kill jobs because people have been hired since it passed
White House aims to spend 10% of its time on scandal damage control
White House applies presidential pressure on Iran skeptics in Congress
White House considering awarding subsidies, meant for the uninsured, to labor unions
White House defends legality of ObamaCare fix
White House devises short-term workaround to pay insurers for plans purchases on Healthcare.gov
White House dials back show of force towards North Korea, fearing Kim’s response
White House dials it down on immigration — for now
White House embraces “issue roulette”
White House eyes new limits on junk food ads in schools
White House faces rising grassroots heat on immigration
White House fears immigration blame
White House imposes secrecy rules on First Lady’s lavish, celebrity-filled birthday party
White House losing its grip on the Middle East
White House now selling access to rich contributors in order to fund OFA
White House offers Hill no timeline on Syria strike
White House peeved about Pentagon leaks
White House plan to reform NSA sparks battle between defenders and critics
White House pledges $1 billion to prepare for climate change
White House preps fall immigration push
White House press corps frustrated over lack of access to Obama
White House privately asks for gradual return to Healthcare.gov
White House quashed efforts to release comprehensive Benghazi timeline during 2012 election
White House reaching out to Democratic strategists on damage control
White House ready for war with congressional Dems to save its peace talks with Iran
White House ready to launch new PR push for ObamaCare or something
White House releases state-by-state breakdown of sequester’s effects
White House relying more on insurance carriers to help fix ObamaCare website
White House responds to Putin’s NYT op-ed
White House saving $18,000 a week by cancelling tours
White House says it isn’t behind the “Adorable Care Act” Twitter account
White House science director knocks “polar vortex” climate skeptics
White House seeks Republican immigration help
White House sees Syria vote as rudder for rest of Obama’s term — especially on Iran
White House should ask itself: What would Cheney do?
White House soul-searches as errors mount
White House still trying to decide whether Morsi’s ouster was a “coup” or not
White House stuck on IRS scandal response
White House to Iran: Let’s see some action on your nuke program before we hold talks
White House to announce $300 million in aid Friday to make Detroit safer, erase blight
White House to end contract with CGI Federal, company behind Healthcare.gov
White House to furlough 480 staffers
White House to nominate Max Baucus as ambassador to China
White House to offer Republicans a grand bargain on tax cuts and infrastructure
White House tries to prevent judge from ruling on NSA surveillance
White House under pressure to help Hillary in 2016 by making an arrest for the Benghazi attack
White House unsure what files Edward Snowden has
White House urges caution on HealthCare.Gov
White House warns Britain: Exiting EU would put trade deal at risk
White House was warned that HealthCare.gov wasn’t ready
White House weighs next move after NSA court ruling
White House wonders: How much longer can Egypt remain semi-stable?
White House won’t rule out future executive action on immigration
White House writes NFL players’ pro-ObamaCare tweets
White House, Obama float Medicare compromise
White House: Americans will pay average monthly premium of $328 under ObamaCare
White House: Decisiveness is overrated
White House: Key software failure in sign-up section is main cause of ObamaCare website’s problems
White House: Less than 500,000 people whose plans were canceled have yet to enroll in new plans
White House: No back-up plan if ObamaCare fails
White House: No more information about drone killings will be released to public
White House: No to a special prosecutor for IRS scandal, despite public support
White House: Our decision on Egyptian aid is “evolving”
White House: Pathway to citizenship would boost GDP by $1.4 trillion over decade
White House: Politics? What politics?
White House: The sequester no longer applies to part of ObamaCare
White House: There’s no role for Assad in a transitional Syrian government
White House: U.S. ready to provide cash to Ukraine
White House: We get why Dems are angry
White House: We respect the results of Iran’s presidential election
White House’s ObamaCare “fix” in shambles as California rejects extension for canceled plans
White guys with guns are the real thugs
White trash religion in a nutshell: Proud, ignorant, and messy
White voters won’t save the GOP
Whither the student loan debt crisis?
Who are Republicans listening to? Their base
Who are the real gay marriage bigots?
Who are the real liberals on gay marriage?
Who are these people using food stamps? They’re us
Who can bridge the Republican divide?
Who cares if Obama “won”? Can he lead?
Who cares if Saudi Arabia’s unhappy?
Who coined “United States of America”?
Who counts as an ObamaCare enrollee? White House ready to fudge the numbers
Who does the GOP really have to run against Hillary?
Who had the worst week in Washington? Pajama boy
Who had the worst year in Washington? Barack Obama, of course
Who helped Snowden steal state secrets?
Who is the American Al Qaeda member facing a U.S. drone?
Who is racist?
Who lost Iraq?
Who makes the most in Obama’s White House?
Who might have poisoned Arafat?
Who needs Hispanic votes?
Who needs a Democratic Egypt?
Who needs a raise when you have a TV?
Who needs reporters? You do
Who outed the CIA annex in Benghazi?
Who owns the code of life?
Who really betrayed Detroit?
Who really killed bin Laden?
Who runs if Hillary doesn’t?
Who sabotaged ObamaCare?
Who serves in the military?
Who should Syria’s minorities support?
Who shut down Yellowstone?
Who spies on its citizens more, the U.S. or Europe?
Who tells the best jokes? Neurotic, aggressive jerks
Who the GOP needs, and dreads, in 2016
Who wants 20 more primary debates in 2016?
Who was standing behind Obama yesterday? White House won’t say
Who was the U.S. after in the SEALs’ raid on Somalia?
Who will lead the left beyond ObamaCare?
Who will survive? 2014′s top primaries
Who wins a Supreme Court abortion fight?
Who “dies” at Gettysburg is a tough decision
Whole Foods: America’s temple of pseudoscience
Whole lotta porn-viewing in British parliament
Whose side are we on in Ukraine?
Whose side are you on, Germany?
Who’ll be the next Ted Cruz?
Who’s afraid of Barack Obama? No one
Who’s afraid of Kim Jong-un?
Who’s behind the Chinese super-hackers who are targeting the U.S.? China’s army, of course
Who’s behind the snooping, and how long has it been going on?
Who’s going to jail over the IRS scandal? Probably nobody
Who’s in charge at The White House? The clear-eyed realists or the delusional Obamaphiles?
Who’s leading immigration reform in the House?
Who’s stronger than Rick Perry in 2016?
Who’s up for a minimum-wage hike?
Who’s up for a vacation in North Korea?
Who’s up for another Trump presidential run?
Who’s up for another debate over gun control?
Who’s up for another piece about the Obama rodeo clown?
Who’s up for another “Grand Bargain” column from Tom Friedman?
Who’s up for some “soft paternalism”?
Who’s extreme?
Whte House, lawmakers: No clemency for Snowden
Why 2012 postmortems overstate Republican woes
Why ABC shouldn’t have hired Jenny McCarthy
Why Al Qaeda kicked out its deadly Syria franchise
Why America is saying “no”
Why America should spy on Europe
Why America still needs aircraft carriers
Why Americans are saying no to domestic drones
Why Americans hate their government
Why Americans struggle to understand Putin
Why America’s elites love immigration reform
Why America’s only P.O.W. was suddenly shown alive
Why Anthony Weiner shouldn’t bank on forgiveness in the NYC mayoral
Why Anthony Weiner sinks while Eliot Spitzer soars
Why Assad will win
Why Benghazi matters
Why Bloomberg’s super PAC won’t be able to reshape Congress
Why Bobby Jindal has to play dumb
Why Boehner and McConnell are such weak leaders
Why Canada is ignoring the disaster of ObamaCare
Why China is afraid of North Korea
Why China is patrolling near American waters
Why China is reading your e-mail
Why China won’t act against a nuclear North Korea
Why China’s hacking may backfire
Why Chris Christie could save the GOP from itself
Why Chris Christie should stand up to Sarah Palin
Why Christmas = KFC in Japan
Why Cold War presidents were better
Why Colorado lawyers are in risky business with marijuana shops
Why Cory Booker is set to become the highest-profile Democratic senator
Why Crimea might be worse off under Russian rule
Why Cuba will still be anti-American after Castro
Why Democratic women stick by their creeps
Why Democrats are afraid of border security
Why Democrats are laughing at the GOP’s digital strategy — and why they shouldn’t be
Why Democrats love to spy on Americans
Why Democrats might not retake the House anytime soon
Why Democrats might reject Hillary in 2016
Why Democrats should hope that Mark Sanford wins
Why Democrats won’t risk a one-year ObamaCare delay
Why Dems better hope Obama’s lying
Why Dems will keep pushing on guns
Why Detroit won’t have a second act
Why Edward Snowden wouldn’t get a fair trial
Why Egypt has coups and we don’t
Why Egypt’s generals will tread carefully this time
Why Egypt’s military dictator won’t listen to Chuck Hagel
Why Eric Cantor’s moved to the middle
Why Europe is an enemy of Israel
Why France stood alone to scuttle Iran deal
Why French feminists are fighting gay marriage
Why GLAAD lost the “Duck Dynasty” wars
Why Glenn Greenwald’s new media venture is a big deal
Why Hillary Clinton has too much time on her hands
Why Hillary Clinton’s past is fair game in presidential race
Why Holder hasn’t been fired
Why Hugo Chavez was bad for Venezuela
Why I (still) support ObamaCare
Why I ambushed Russia’s news network with rainbow suspenders
Why I bought a house in Detroit for $500
Why I can’t date a liberal
Why I can’t support Chuck Hagel for defense secretary
Why I changed my mind on weed
Why I chose to become an American
Why I confronted the first lady
Why I could never be a liberal
Why I didn’t write about Gosnell’s trial — and why I should have
Why I ditched God for good
Why I donated my stool
Why I don’t care about Edward Snowden
Why I don’t sweat the personal attacks
Why I fled North Korea
Why I froze my eggs (and why you should too)
Why I had a double mastectomy
Why I heckled Bill Maher
Why I hope Hagel wins
Why I let my daughter get a useless college degree
Why I plan to grill Yellen
Why I said what I said in that post-game interview last night
Why I still love Rubio
Why I stood up for Texas women
Why I stopped hating country music
Why I think the GOP will have control in 2017
Why I voted against background checks
Why I won’t support gun control
Why India trails China
Why Iraq was America’s best-run war
Why Israel bombed Syria
Why Israel might nuke Iran to prevent Tehran from going nuclear
Why I’d vote no on a Syria strike
Why I’ll never be a mommy blogger
Why I’ll teach my girls to shoot
Why I’m a Hip Hop Conservative
Why I’m calling out civil rights hustlers Al Sharpton and Michael Eric Dyson
Why I’m canceling my SI subscription
Why I’m glad I went to public school
Why I’m still an optimist on Middle East peace
Why I’m voting no on immigration reform
Why I’ve promised to help my beautiful daughter take her own life
Why James Rosen is not blameless
Why Japan’s PM visited its most controversial war shrine
Why Jewish Americans vote Democratic
Why John McCain doesn’t matter anymore
Why Kermit Gosnell hasn’t been on page one
Why Kerry wants to strike Syria
Why Latinos should have their eye on Rand Paul
Why Lindsey Graham isn’t acting like a worried man
Why Lindsey Graham isn’t afraid of a conservative challenger
Why Liz Cheney couldn’t sell neoconservatism to tea partiers
Why Liz Cheney withdrew
Why Liz Cheney’s Senate candidacy was doomed
Why Liz Cheney’s candidacy is no sure thing
Why Mandela finally embraced free markets
Why McCain turned on Hagel
Why Mexico continues to treat its people as an export
Why Obama and the left don’t care about Gosnell
Why Obama doesn’t dare speak about Detroit
Why Obama gets no respect from foreign powers
Why Obama had to serve notice on Congress
Why Obama has room to maneuver on Iran
Why Obama is deploying explainer-in-chief Bill Clinton to lift ObamaCare
Why Obama loves France
Why Obama may lose the shutdown battle
Why Obama needs Egypt
Why Obama rejected Petraeus’s plan to aid the Syrian rebels
Why Obama scandals aren’t scandals at all
Why Obama should be freaking out over ObamaCare
Why Obama should take a chance on Iran
Why Obama will euthanize Healthcare.gov in 2014
Why Obama will lose on gun control
Why Obama won’t bail out Detroit
Why Obama won’t fire Sebelius
Why ObamaCare is like Three-Mile Island
Why ObamaCare isn’t “settled”
Why ObamaCare is oversold
Why ObamaCare pricing differs from state to state, whether red or blue
Why Obama’s March on Washington failed
Why Obama’s Syria speech won’t matter
Why Obama’s job approval matters
Why Obama’s particularly politically vulnerable to scandal
Why Obama’s plan to fund universal pre-K with cigarette taxes won’t work
Why Obama’s “best-looking” comment failed to ignite a furor
Why Obama’s “iPod presidency” was doomed
Why Paul Ryan’s star dimmed
Why Poland cares so much about Ukraine
Why Pope Francis’ message is welcomed by many conservatives
Why Putin crushed Navalny
Why Putin doesn’t respect us
Why Putin is glad that Obama isn’t coming to Moscow
Why Putin wanted the Olympics for Russia
Why Putin will get everything he wants in Crimea
Why Rahm Emanuel can’t be president
Why Rand Paul and Chris Christie went to war
Why Rand Paul is Marco Rubio’s biggest political threat
Why Rand Paul was right to reach out to black voters
Why Republican candidates should only debate each other on Fox News
Why Republicans are warming to the sequester
Why Republicans could have the House, Senate, and presidency by 2016
Why Republicans don’t trust Obama on immigration
Why Republicans kill their darlings
Why Republicans lost the vote but gained House seats
Why Republicans miss the realists
Why Republicans should fear “Ready for Hillary”
Why Republicans think they’ve got the math to take back the Senate
Why Republicans won’t call themselves Republicans
Why Republicans won’t flip on gay marriage
Why Rice, not Clinton, went on the Sunday shows after Benghazi
Why Rubio and Paul need each other on immigration
Why Rubio needs to slow walk immigration reform
Why Russia no longer fears the west
Why Russia turned against the gays
Why Russia won’t interfere in Ukraine’s revolution
Why Sarah Palin is here to stay
Why Scandinavian women make the rest of the world jealous
Why Scott Walker was smart to skip CPAC
Why Sebelius is safe: Confirmation hearings on her successor would be brutal
Why Senate Republicans still want Christie on their side
Why Spitzer could derail Weiner’s comeback
Why Starbucks has to step in on guns
Why Syria isn’t the big story this week
Why U.S. spies get Putin wrong
Why WaPo switched bloggers
Why Washington will have no allies in Egypt
Why Weiner’s mayoral bid is a long shot
Why Wendy Davis shouldn’t run for governor
Why a Johns Hopkins neurosurgeon is getting 2016 buzz
Why a college education doesn’t matter anymore
Why a discharge petition won’t help Democrats pass a clean CR in the House
Why a man eats another man’s heart
Why a new Ukraine is the Kremlin’s worst nightmare
Why a “drone court” won’t work
Why actors act out
Why all the angst? Blogging is far from dead
Why all this maternal sympathy for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev?
Why almost everyone in Russia has a dash cam
Why an “anti-incumbent” election might be impossible
Why are American conservatives praising Putin?
Why are Americans driving less?
Why are Americans lining up to shoot down drones?
Why are Chinese leaders so paranoid about the United States?
Why are German airports better than American ones?
Why are Israelis so darned happy?
Why are North America’s big cities so safe?
Why are all immigration concessions supposed to come from Republicans?
Why are attacks like Boston so rare?
Why are feminists judging Miley Cyrus?
Why are fewer people looking for jobs?
Why are kids who get less candy happier on Halloween?
Why are liberals so rude to the right?
Why are major media outlets ignoring bestsellers like Mark Levin?
Why are most rampage shooters men?
Why are only some federal websites shut down?
Why are people still worried about the national debt?
Why are protests and riots spreading around the world?
Why are romantic comedies so awful?
Why are sales of non-alcoholic beer booming?
Why are so many college graduates driving taxis?
Why are so many elderly Asians committing suicide?
Why are some conservatives so keen on monarchies?
Why are some ethnic groups in America doing better than others?
Why are the senators so eager to give citizenship away the same senators so eager to ignore its protections?
Why are there still so few women in science?
Why are we debating intervention in Syria but not in Iraq or Afghanistan?
Why are we still fighting the drug war?
Why are we subsidizing the NFL?
Why are you not dead yet?
Why aren’t doctors drug tested?
Why aren’t millennial liberals protesting a shutdown?
Why aren’t more girls drawn to physics?
Why aren’t more women candidates winning elections?
Why aren’t there any really good movies about Jesus?
Why aren’t there more John Smiths in the U.S.?
Why aren’t there more liberal trolls in Congress like Alan Grayson?
Why big cities make media liberal
Why both left and right overlook Christian persecution in the Middle East
Why both parties are turning away from Catholic policies
Why both sides of the gun debate focus on the AR-15
Why bother watching the State of the Union?
Why boys get worse grades than girls
Why bringing back the draft makes no sense
Why canceled White House tours are sinking Obama on the sequester
Why can’t Democrats admit that policies have trade-offs?
Why can’t I compromise? A blogger responds to President Obama
Why can’t this economy really get going?
Why can’t we admit we’re scared of Islamism?
Why can’t we make guns child-proof?
Why casino workers hate ObamaCare
Why change your position on marriage just because someone you love is gay?
Why cigarettes are here to stay
Why conservatives are loving ObamaCare
Why conservatives say no
Why conservatives should back immigration reform
Why conservatives should cheer on HBO’s “Girls”
Why conservatives should say no to immigration reform
Why conservatives should welcome state gas tax hikes
Why coverage of “right-wing” violence irritates conservatives
Why dads matter
Why delaying ObamaCare has insurers freaking out
Why did Boehner’s immigration push blow up?
Why did Charles Murray call abortion “justifiable homicide”?
Why did I challenge the Boy Scouts anti-gay policy? Because I am a loyal scout
Why did Weiner do it?
Why did ancient Europeans mysteriously vanish 4,500 years ago?
Why did former IRS commissioner Doug Shulman visit the White House so frequently?
Why did nothing change after Newtown?
Why did poor households take on so much new debt in the years leading up to the financial crisis?
Why did the NSA trust Snowden with our data?
Why did the Supreme Court take the case on gay marriage?
Why did the U.S. raid in Libya ignore the Benghazi suspects?
Why didn’t Liz Cheney run for Senate in Virginia?
Why didn’t Obama give his speech defending the NSA months ago, when it would have counted?
Why didn’t the Gang of Eight work harder to bring Republicans on board?
Why didn’t the RNC do more to help Cuccinelli down the stretch?
Why disgraced politicians are like summer blockbusters
Why do Americans idealize royalty?
Why do Americans like revolutions?
Why do Japanese still buy CDs?
Why do boys get “wasted” while girls get “tipsy”?
Why do conservatives keep engaging with left-leaning media outlets?
Why do economists urge college, but not marriage?
Why do feminists denigrate domestic work?
Why do libraries have that smell?
Why do normal men turn sexist when they get in front of a barbecue?
Why do old people get so hairy?
Why do parents make parenting sound so god-awful?
Why do so few conservative politicians use Thatcher as a model?
Why do some Irish drink so much?
Why do some countries regulate baby names?
Why do the Koch Brothers get all the “sunshine?”
Why do the young vote for dependency?
Why do these Republicans want us to work all the time?
Why do we even need a farm bill?
Why do we laugh at North Korea but fear Iran?
Why do white men engage in mass shootings?
Why do women disapprove of drone strikes more than men do?
Why do younger millennials dislike Obama more than older millennials?
Why does Anthony Weiner have such an amazing wife?
Why does China coddle North Korea?
Why does D.C. listen to celebrities?
Why does Hollywood make Jesus sexy?
Why does Rand Paul keep attacking Bill Clinton about sex?
Why does Rubio support instant legalization for illegals?
Why does anyone need to read about celebrities?
Why does being a relative of Glenn Greenwald place you above the law?
Why doesn’t Obama really shake up his team?
Why doesn’t the west care about Syria?
Why don’t Americans do more for poor people?
Why don’t all news sites follow Reddit’s lead and ban climate deniers?
Why don’t farmers believe in climate change?
Why don’t liberal Syria intervention critics talk about Libya?
Why don’t other countries like football?
Why don’t these conservatives care that we’re spying on our allies?
Why don’t women politicians have sex scandals?
Why drones aren’t being used in Syria
Why dudes who can’t smell also can’t get any action
Why evangelicals should care about the new pope
Why even atheists should be praying for Pope Francis
Why even law-abiding people should oppose surveillance
Why first-born kids do better in school
Why forgeries are great art
Why freshmen members of Congress are sending their staffers home
Why gay marriage has earned support so quickly: It affects the upper class as well
Why good athletes are good-looking
Why good television shows are addictive
Why good-looking people like kissing more
Why guest-worker programs subvert civic ideals
Why has Israel come to occupy so much of the left’s attention?
Why has marriage declined?
Why hasn’t the media been reporting on the pro-gun Newtown parent?
Why have young people in Japan stopped having sex?
Why hawks should love the Iran deal
Why hook-up culture hurts boys too
Why humans still can’t go to Mars
Why humans will never defeat zombies
Why immigration reform faces an uphill battle in the House
Why immigration reform matters
Why is Angry Birds so addictive?
Why is Ashley Judd campaigning everywhere but Kentucky?
Why is China cozying up to Taiwan?
Why is China really provoking its neighbors?
Why is China talking to the Taliban?
Why is Common Core a tea-party bugbear?
Why is God smiting us?
Why is Hillary so stingy with media access to her speeches?
Why is Hollywood flailing? Because they keep stuffing their movies with politics
Why is Jim Messina helping to sell an immigration crackdown in the UK?
Why is John Cornyn triple-dipping?
Why is Liz Cheney running for Mike Enzi’s Senate seat? Why not?
Why is Marco Rubio so quiet lately?
Why is New Jersey so corrupt?
Why is North Korea our problem?
Why is Obama hiding Joe Biden?
Why is Obama taxing a preexisting condition?
Why is Paul Ryan so quiet on the shutdown showdown?
Why is President Obama trying to politicize the holidays?
Why is Rand Paul being duped by Snowden?
Why is Rand Paul filing a class-action suit on a constitutional matter?
Why is Russia building GPS stations on U.S. soil?
Why is Ted Cruz the only U.S. senator attending the Mandela memorial?
Why is Turkey harboring terrorists?
Why is a conservative group opposing spending cuts?
Why is defying majority support for gun control “cowardice”?
Why is everyone surprised that Ted Cruz is doing what he promised?
Why is gay porn so popular in Pakistan?
Why is impoverished Egypt seeking a nuclear program?
Why is it Obama’s responsibility to lead a national conversation on race?
Why is it harder in America to come out as an atheist politican than as a gay one?
Why is it so expensive to build a bridge in America?
Why is it so hard to find a doctor in Massachusetts?
Why is popular culture so obsessed with the zombie apocalypse?
Why is religion invisible to the media?
Why is the American dream dead in the south?
Why is the Benghazi military story still classified?
Why is the DNC using the bombings to build its mailing list?
Why is the Freedom Tower only the fourth-tallest building in the world?
Why is the GOP launching a new anti-poverty campaign?
Why is the number of troop suicides rising?
Why is yawning contagious?
Why isn’t Boehner a target in congressional elections?
Why isn’t Obama talking about Syria?
Why isn’t Obama’s “early detection system” to spot radicals working?
Why isn’t Rick Santorum the GOP 2016 frontrunner?
Why it matters that Obama’s approval rating is falling
Why it takes so long to build a bridge in America
Why it’s a good time to be a dictator like Kim Jong-un
Why it’s hard to predict demand and supply for marijuana
Why it’s okay for Jews to celebrate Christmas
Why it’s so hard to tell if North Korea used a plutonium or (much scarier) uraniam bomb
Why it’s unlikely Dems will beat the “six-year itch” and take back the House
Why job creation is so hard
Why journalists should declare who they vote for
Why lawmakers still pass on grass even though legalizing marijuana is popular
Why lawmakers will have to confront mandatory spending
Why lawyers are prone to suicide
Why legal education should last for three years
Why liberals are panicking
Why liberals should oppose the immigration bill
Why liberals should support armed self-defense
Why liberals will abandon ObamaCare long before conservatives accept it
Why many Pakistanis have turned against Malala
Why many Republicans won’t support Obama on Syria strike
Why marriage is good for your health — until you get sick
Why medical bills are killing us
Why men can’t take compliments
Why men die younger than women
Why men shouldn’t wait to have kids
Why most conservatives are secretly liberals
Why most postmortems of the McAuliffe/Cuccinelli race are wrong
Why murder rates for children less than a year old have doubled
Why must these ObamaCare haters hate?
Why must this pope be so darned likeable?
Why national Democrats rolled over for Chris Christie
Why newspapers need to hire more Christians
Why no one’s been fired over ObamaCare
Why nobody cares about the surveillance state
Why non-believers need rituals too
Why not Ben Carson for Senate in Michigan?
Why not Rob Portman in 2016?
Why not apologizing makes you feel better
Why not breathalyzers in every car?
Why not let graduates refinance their student loans?
Why not replace “the” with a symbol?
Why not separate marriage and state?
Why not incest?
Why nuke the filibuster now?
Why overhaul NSA surveillance if the White House panel found no evidence of malfeasance?
Why overheard cell phone conversations are so annoying
Why paying kids to do homework can backfire
Why people become terrorists
Why people call themselves “independent,” even when they aren’t
Why politicians from New Jersey aren’t born to run
Why politicians use kids as props
Why politicos love “House of Cards”
Why pro-amnesty Republicans lost
Why pro-lifers keep fighting abortion
Why public schools should teach the Bible
Why red states will profit the most from more immigration
Why reforming the primary process would create a more productive Congress
Why reporters hate the White House beat now
Why round two of the Texas abortion fight won’t end like round one
Why science and politics don’t mix
Why sequestration’s defense cuts are scaring me less and less
Why should Congress get special exemption under Obamacare?
Why should Wendy Davis’s personal story matter?
Why should food stamps pay for junk food?
Why should we trust the government — especially now?
Why shouldn’t Princeton pay taxes?
Why shouldn’t green-card holders serve on juries?
Why small arms would be unlikely to help Syria’s rebels
Why so little on the March for Life in Thursday’s Times?
Why so little terrorism?
Why so many Americans believe Kennedy assasination conspiracy theories
Why so much anarchy?
Why some gay couples choose to say “I don’t”
Why spying on Merkel is so damaging
Why teens have stopped practicing safe sex
Why texting is dying out
Why the 2014 Senate races matter so much
Why the 2016 campaign will be the worst ever
Why the 2016 presidential campaign will be the worst ever
Why the 9-to-5 day is so tough on creative workers
Why the AP phone records bombshell could threaten Eric Holder’s job
Why the AR-15 is more than just a gun
Why the Benghazi hearings are likely to be a political bust
Why the Chinese actually envy the U.S. shutdown
Why the FBI didn’t make much of Russia’s request to investigate Tsarnaev
Why the French secretly love McDonald’s
Why the GOP could win on contraception
Why the GOP is stepping up in Detroit
Why the GOP leadership is going along with Obama’s Syria misadventure
Why the GOP’s “war on women” riposte makes sense
Why the House stenographer snapped
Why the IRS scandal is different
Why the Iranian nuclear deal is dangerous
Why the Koch brothers’ move into newspapers is good for America
Why the MERS virus is so scary
Why the NSA needs your phone calls
Why the Pentagon hates Obama’s drone war
Why the Redskins get under their skin
Why the Republican coalition will still work in 2016
Why the Right fights
Why the Senate will only get more polarized
Why the Supreme Court will recognize gay marriage
Why the Taliban won’t ever sever its ties to Al Qaeda
Why the U.S. has so little leverage in Egypt
Why the U.S. military can’t kill the Benghazi attackers with a drone strike
Why the U.S. needs a new loyalty oath for new citizens
Why the UAW lost
Why the Virginia gubernatorial race should matter to you even if you’re not from Virginia
Why the West must join the Ukraine protesters
Why the White House blessed the recent Yemen drone strikes
Why the White House can’t suddenly decide to “re-grandfather” canceled plans
Why the White House is giving a free pass to Egypt’s military regime
Why the White House wants the Pentagon in charge of drones
Why the White House won’t help Joe Biden be president
Why the choice to be childless is bad for America
Why the culture wars now favor Democrats
Why the elites are rising up
Why the government won’t prosecute me
Why the haters hate Bachmann
Why the left can’t stand “Lone Survivor”
Why the left hates families
Why the left is torching Downton Abbey
Why the left keeps jabbering about replacing the Constitution
Why the media rushed to cover Christie’s scandal but not Obama’s
Why the media will never treat conservatives fairly
Why the president lost on gun control
Why the president’s ObamaCare maneuver may backfire
Why the public has never accepted ObamaCare’s legitimacy
Why the rich are freaking out
Why the rich don’t give to charity
Why the right is growing cynical about the “common good”
Why the shutdown is a Republican victory
Why the smart grid might be a dumb idea
Why the start of 2014 is a pivotal moment for liberals
Why the third-party dream remains just a dream
Why the underwear-bomber leak infuriated the Obama administration
Why the west hasn’t boycotted the Russian Olympics
Why the word “panties” is so awful
Why the zombie tea party won’t stay dead
Why the ’95 shutdown was different from today’s
Why the “threat” on Bob Woodward matters
Why there are more walk-away moms
Why this round of the Republican civil war was different
Why three congressmen bucked their party on the House’s “defund ObamaCare” bill
Why topless protesters will hound Islamic leaders
Why ugly animals should be wildlife pin-ups
Why use chemical weapons?
Why was Benghazi left unguarded?
Why was Zimmerman allowed to walk around locked and loaded?
Why was my son killed in Fallujah — and his killer set free?
Why was violence in “The Passion of the Christ” condemned by critics but affirmed in “12 Years a Slave”?
Why wasn’t Gosnell stopped sooner?
Why wasn’t the GOP more competitive in the Massachusetts Senate race?
Why wasn’t the NSA prepared for Snowden’s leaks?
Why wasn’t there a Chinese Spring?
Why we at the RNC built Para Bellum Labs
Why we can’t stop eating frosting from the can
Why we flaunt our sexy partners
Why we get the police state we deserve — and what we can do to fix it
Why we haven’t seen heavier presidents
Why we love “outrage” shows
Why we need a Healthcare.gov witchhunt
Why we need government surveillance
Why we need to talk with the Taliban
Why we no longer trust the government
Why we on the British left made an epic mistake on immigration
Why we should fear Kim Jong-un
Why we should subsidize hipster novelists’ housing
Why we shouldn’t care about Syria’s chemical weapons
Why we still talk about JFK
Why were people in Britain jailed for tweeting after the Woolwich attack?
Why were pro-Israel groups scrutinized by the IRS?
Why we’ll never stop arguing about Benghazi
Why we’re addicted to online outrage
Why we’re losing the gay marriage debate
Why we’re mad at Huma
Why we’re still obsessed with JFK
Why white voters will eventually flee an overwhelmingly white party
Why women are terrible at accepting compliments
Why women don’t support drone strikes
Why women in some countries still say domestic violence is okay
Why women should embrace a “good enough” life
Why women still need husbands
Why won’t Weiner quit?
Why won’t anyone take Edward Snowden?
Why won’t the government let you “unlock” your phone?
Why won’t the government tell us what they found in Bin Laden’s files?
Why won’t these journalists stop whining about Obama?
Why would any state want to encourage marjuana use?
Why would anyone run for Congress these days?
Why would the U.S. spy on friends? Because it can, and it makes sense, say experts
Why writers are the worst procrastinators
Why yes, ObamaCare is driving the massive increase in part-time, not full-time, hires
Why you should be afraid of what happened in Boston
Why you should be skeptical of Kerry saying that moderates are on the rise in Syria
Why you should embrace surveillance, not fight it
Why you shouldn’t #StandWithRand
Why you sleep better if your plane seat is just one inch wider
Why you want to escape with Denzel Washington
Why young Americans are revolting against Obama
Why your boss is dumping your wife
Why you’ll never see the House “Gang of Seven” immigration plan
Why you’re wrong about communism
Why “Duck Dynasty” threatens the left
Why “Duck Dynasty” viewers heed its call
Why, obstructing ObamaCare is unconscionable
Why, these Republicans certainly are reckless
Why, these Republicans should love ObamaCare
Why, these hostage-takers are unfit to govern
Why, these right-wing populists could hobble America for decades
Why, these scandals have turned Obama into a dour scold
Why, this Benghazi inquiry is nothing but a witch hunt
Why, this Syria WMD deal is a win-win-win for everyone — except Syria
Why, this party’s been hijacked by zealots
Wife says Alan Grayson shoved her during domestic incident
Will A&E’s suspension of Phil Robertson mobilize evangelical Christians?
Will America ever view its park rangers the same way after shutdown theater?
Will Americans ever love ObamaCare?
Will Assad unleash Palestinian terrorists against the U.S. or Israel?
Will Bernanke get a third term as Fed chairman?
Will Bernanke leave behind a ticking time bomb?
Will Boehner’s pushback against conservatives continue into 2014?
Will Bush fatigue dissipate by 2016, in time for a Jeb run?
Will CPAC be the launch of Cruz 2016?
Will Chris Christie be “the Republican Bill Clinton”?
Will Chris Christie apologize?
Will Christie run as an independent?
Will Christie win New Jersey’s Latino vote on Tuesday?
Will Colorado have enough pot stores to meet demand?
Will Congress and staffers get abortion coverage under ObamaCare?
Will Democrats forgive Obama for blowing his second term?
Will Eliot Spitzer even get on the ballot?
Will GOP go back to Bush with Rubio? Or back to liberty with Paul?
Will GOP’s new vision be shaped by Paul or Rubio?
Will Hezbollah implode?
Will Hillary be ready in 2016?
Will Hillary play in 2014?
Will Hillary’s media honeymoon last?
Will Hollywood ignore Woody Allen’s daughter’s sexual abuse allegation again?
Will Hong Kong extradite Snowden?
Will Howard Dean pinch hit for Elizabeth Warren in 2016?
Will Jason Collins get an NBA contract next year?
Will Mitch McConnell be primaried?
Will Obama drag Hillary down in 2016?
Will Obama let Iran hit the trifecta?
Will Obama make the Fed even worse?
Will Obama stay neutral in 2016?
Will Obama suffer the “second-term curse”?
Will ObamaCare be a drag on Democrats — in Oregon?
Will ObamaCare be the sleeper issue of the midterms?
Will ObamaCare hurt the Democrats as much as the shutdown hurt the GOP?
Will ObamaCare “tech surge” throw good money after bad?
Will ObamaCare-induced early retirement make us healthier?
Will Obama’s scandals affect Democratic recruitment?
Will Paul Ryan cut a fiscal deal with Democrats?
Will Piers Morgan apologize for spreading a racist hoax?
Will Poland Spring get a Rubio bump?
Will Putin seize Crimea?
Will Rand Paul follow Ron’s lead?
Will Rand Paul’s SOTU response force Marco Rubio to toughen his own?
Will Ray Kurzweil live forever?
Will Republicans let Big Labor gut a guest-worker program?
Will Republicans use Democrats’ votes on immigration against them in 2014?
Will Rubio roll over or walk away?
Will Rubio walk away from the Gang of Eight?
Will Sarah Murnaghan’s transplant hurt the system?
Will Stephen Colbert help or hurt his sister’s chances against Sanford?
Will Syria be the next Iraq?
Will Syria crisis harm Hillary Clinton in 2016?
Will Syria give Paul a leg up on Rubio in 2016?
Will Tamerlan Tsarnaev get a Muslim burial?
Will Tsarnaev get the death penalty?
Will Ukraine be Putin’s undoing?
Will a moderate Republican movement rise from the ashes of the shutdown? (Probably not)
Will any 2016 Republican candidate support gay marriage?
Will climate change scientists come around to nuclear power?
Will demographics doom the Democrats’ demagoguery on entitlements?
Will experience matter in 2016?
Will higher taxes on the rich derail California’s economic comeback?
Will historians sweeten on George W. Bush?
Will immigration reform kill Rubio’s presidential chances?
Will insurers ever say enough’s enough to ObamaCare?
Will jellyfish take over the world?
Will liberalism implode?
Will millennials become Generation X-treme?
Will robots replace doctors?
Will southern Democrats vote for immigration reform?
Will states accept Obama’s insurance exchange fix?
Will states’ rights go to pot?
Will the GOP be willing to change enough for either Rubio or Rand?
Will the George Zimmerman case teach Americans to mind their own business?
Will the House block immigration reform?
Will the IRS bully people to sign up for ObamaCare?
Will the NFL expand its ban on slurs?
Will the ObamaCare exchanges be ready?
Will the Republican moderates please stand up?
Will the Republican party get another George W. Bush?
Will the Supreme Court punt on gay marriage?
Will the White House authorize a Syria strike?
Will the Zimmerman case bring down a governor?
Will the media rise to the challenge of the IRS scandal?
Will the real Edward Snowden please stand up?
Will the robot uprising be squishy?
Will today’s closeted NFL stars let Michael Sam be the first out player?
Will we get another 11 million illegal immigrants after amnesty?
Will young adults face “rate shock” because of ObamaCare?
Will, Grace, and a decade of change on gay rights
Wimps versus barbarians
Win some like the Gipper
Winning elections isn’t going to get the GOP closer to repealing ObamaCare
Winning the Hispanic vote still wouldn’t be enough for the GOP
Winning the Hispanic vote won’t be enough for the GOP
With Bachmann’s retirement, GOP loses one of its biggest financial black holes
With Bloomberg leaving, New Yorkers consider a new nanny
With Cheney as a challenger, Sen. Mike Enzi joins Tea Party effort to defund Obamacare
With Dems on defensive, GOP has chance to recapture Senate
With Gibbs and Axelrod, MSNBC is now a bona fide organ of state propaganda
With Iran, Obama can end America’s long war for the Middle East
With Julian Assange taking the spotlight, Snowden’s future looks grim
With ObamaCare cemented, GOP debates next move
With ObamaCare, the GOP has won the Powerball of politics
With Syrian Christians in danger, archbishop urges outsiders not to send more weapons
With U.S.-Russia relationship toxic, Moscow looks to strengthen ties with China
With an immigration deal possible, advocates mount new push to end deportations
With budget fight looming, Obama sees defiance in his own party
With budgets tight, small towns go without courthouses
With bullets scarce, more shooters make their own
With death penalty, how should states define mental disability?
With eye on ObamaCare, companies move to cut workers’ hours
With glut of lonely men, China has an approved outlet for unrequited lust
With its roots in the nuclear family, the nation evolves into America 3.0
With marijuana legal in some states, localities begin to just say no
With no notice, Putin scraps Kremlin news agencies
With one click, key part of immigration bill becomes ten times more costly
With positions to fill, employers hold out for perfection
With public focused on jobs, Washington bogs down on immigration and guns
With sequestration, Republicans win a round
With swagger, the Afghan army takes the lead
With the flip-flop frenzy over, anti-gay marriage Democrats dig in
With the world in turmoil, Obama has some fun
With the world watching, Syria amassed nerve gas
With three weeks left, consumers fear they won’t have health coverage on New Year’s Day
With visit to London, Rubio tries to burnish foreign policy credentials
With whom is the U.S. presently at war?
Without real journalism, “you’re on your own”
Without water, revolution
Witness: Clinton sought end-run around counter-terrorism bureau on night of Benghazi attack
Woe to U.S. allies
Woman found alive in rubble of collapsed Bangladesh factory — after 17 days
Woman informing Kerry, McCain’s opinions on Syria also an advocate for Syrian rebels
Woman spends six weeks trying to un-enroll in ObamaCare
Woman to give birth to own granddaughter
Woman who sent fanmail to Obama gets rude awakening on ObamaCare
Women and men, why can’t we all just disagree?
Women are marrying less educated men
Women are not the only adults in Washington
Women lobbyists may be worth more
Women make better doctors than men
Women may be better at men than multitasking
Women should pay more for health care
Women, don’t marry young
Women, it’s time to age disgracefully
Women, we’re our own worst enemies
Wonderful: Analysis reveals that Detroit spent billions extra on pensions
Woodrow Wilson, stud muffin
Woodward’s right: This White House is too combative
Woody Allen, feminism, and “believing the survivor”
Woolwich suspect was held in Kenya on terror charges, then deported back to Britain
Woops: Wasserman Schultz caught in a deception with reporters
Work and the American character
Worker admits to snipping the spines of ten babies in Gosnell case
Workers are scared. They should be.
Working through lunch? It’s good for you
World War II-era bomb explodes, killing German construction worker
World War Z(ionist)
World doubts Obama’s wavering red lines
World of spycraft: NSA and CIA spied in online games
World without boundaries: The ideas behind Obama’s new world order
Worldwide cancer cases rising at an alarming rate
World’s climate warming faster than feared, scientists say
World’s greatest hacker calls Healthcare.gov security “shameful”
Worried about cancer? Get married
Worries mount as Syria lures west’s Muslims
Worrying about executive overreach is just a way to “other” Obama
Worse and worse: National-security contractor misled feds about security clearance checks
Worse than Carter
Worse than ObamaCare
Worst Congress evah?
Worst presidents and their lessons
Would Assad even want to use chemical weapons?
Would Captain Kirk intervene in Syria?
Would Chinese troops cross the Yalu to defend North Korea?
Would Democrats embrace JFK now?
Would Machiavelli have drawn a red line?
Would McConnell have a governing majority if the GOP takes back the Senate?
Would NSA surveillance have stopped 9/11?
Would Olympic athletes rather win bronze than silver?
Would Syria use chemical weapons?
Would a U.S. attack on Syria lead to new bloodshed in Damascus?
Would a new Republican president enforce federal marijuana laws in states where it’s legal?
Would a woman politician who had behaved like Weiner or Spitzer be forgiven?
Would angry teens chill out if they saw more happy faces?
Would tea-party influence rise or wane if Boehner makes deal that drops their demands?
Would the John McCains of the world back Hillary over Rand Paul in 2016?
Would the U.S. still lose the naval war of 2015?
Would things be different in Egypt if the U.S. had called it a “coup”?
Would you buy an amnesty from these people?
Would you feel differently about Snowden if you knew what he really thought?
Would you join a third party founded by Ted Cruz?
Wouldn’t you want to live forever if you could?
Wounded Boehner to pivot, stress spending cuts instead of defunding ObamaCare in next battle
Wrestling dropped from 2020 Olympics
Written off for dead, immigration reform could still live
Wyden, Udall: NSA violations are “just the tip of a larger iceberg”
Xi Jinping’s vision for China can’t coexist with the American dream
Yahoo webcam images from millions of users intercepted by British intelligence
Yale, NYU sacrifice academic freedom for foreign money
Yanukovych reportedly stopped from leaving Ukraine
Yemen deaths test claims of new drone policy
Yemen says U.S. drone struck a wedding convoy, killing 14
Yemen security source: Dozens of Al Qaeda arrived in capital recently to prepare for attack
Yemeni al Qaeda says attack on hospital was mistake
Yep, Christie’s campaign team gearing up for 2016
Yep, six more weeks of winter
Yep, the Tsarnaevs were on welfare
Yes we cannabis: The legalization movement plots its next four years
Yes, Al Qaeda’s using online chat rooms to plan and coordinate attacks
Yes, Americans blame the GOP more for the shutdown — but there’s public anger towards all sides
Yes, Boston matters for immigration policy
Yes, Democrats can be racist
Yes, Hillary has an enemies list
Yes, Iraq is unraveling
Yes, Jesus would bake a cake for a gay person
Yes, John Kerry, this is war
Yes, Lincoln would have done “Between Two Ferns”
Yes, Obama would use force in Iran
Yes, ObamaCare has a marriage penalty
Yes, ObamaCare is about redistribution
Yes, Paul Krugman, deficits do matter
Yes, Spitzer can win
Yes, Ted Cruz is Hispanic “enough”
Yes, U.S. strikes can still hurt Assad
Yes, atheism and conservatism are compatible
Yes, delaying ObamaCare’s employer mandate for a year is illegal
Yes, having kids changes your outlook on politics
Yes, hitmen accept Bitcoins
Yes, it’s misogynistic and violent, but I still admire “Grand Theft Auto”
Yes, labels: Why No Labels’s goal is dangerous
Yes, let’s keep government out of marriage
Yes, money can make you happy
Yes, my wife sometimes serves me dinner. It doesn’t mean our marriage is antiquated.
Yes, of course Hillary can be stopped
Yes, old people have sex
Yes, older Americans should be encouraged to work more
Yes, optimism is good for you
Yes, society is coarser — but it’s also better
Yes, targeted killings can be legal
Yes, that Reuters report on Israel accepting pre-1967 borders was pretty bogus
Yes, the Gang of Eight bill does allow lawsuits to gut border security
Yes, the NSA website has a kids’ section
Yes, the military can and should target American al Qaeda members
Yes, the missing white voters matter
Yes, the online generation wants privacy
Yes, there are a few things that are safe from the sequester
Yes, there is evidence linking Al Qaeda to Benghazi
Yes, there will be Marathon truthers
Yes, there will be a doctor shortage
Yes, those inserts in the NY Post apologizing for bad journalism this week are fake
Yes, we are the world’s policeman
Yes, working families are paying for the one percent’s caviar art dreams
Yes, working from home can make you more productive
Yes, you will be made to care
Yet another Obamacare deadline pushed back
Yiddish speakers to national spelling bee group: It’s “kneydl,” not “knaidel”
You JFK conspiracy deniers are in denial
You Republicans will regret focusing on ObamaCare
You are not Trayvon Martin
You bet America is exceptional
You call this an army? The terrifying shortage of U.S. cyberwarriors
You can keep your plan if Obama likes your plan
You can’t run away from this, congressional Democrats
You don’t have to be religious to freak out over California’s new Powerball ads
You don’t have to like Edward Snowden
You don’t need a weatherman to know which way journalists blow
You know what America should do? We should strengthen the presidency
You know what we need to put America back together again? A carbon tax
You know what’s a neglected news topic? Climate change
You know, regulations can really be a pain when starting a small business
You know, there may be something to this Benghazi scandal after all
You may be right about the sequester, Mr. President, but this is crazy
You may be surprised by ObamaCare’s early trouble, but your doctor isn’t
You might pay a lot more than $95 for skipping health insurance
You okay there, Carney? You’re looking pretty burnt out
You plan your retirement, then you get the health bill
You probably agreed to NSA snooping when you accepted that website’s terms of service
You think the U.S. is dysfunctional? Get a load of the Eurozone
You will be made to care
You wouldn’t believe what I saw at the Dachau gift shop
You “Duck Dynasty” fans know it’s all fake, right?
YouTube quietly removes “Allah” symbol from Katy Perry video
Young America: The ObamaCare generation
Young Republicans break with elders on social issues
Young invincibles spurn ObamaCare
Young men, get a “yes” text before sex
Young opponents of gay marriage still undaunted
Young opponents of gay marriage undaunted by battle ahead
Young people pushing back against gender categories or something
Your Iran policy is failing, Mr. President
Your ancestors, your fate
Your crazy uncle’s five most insane ObamaCare talking points
Your hospital bill is about to get a lot more expensive
Your move, Putin
Your next IRS political audit
Your phone will know you’re sick before you do
Your smartphone is watching you
Your tears over ObamaCare’s rollout will dry, okay?
Youth rights: A trojan horse for the left’s sexual agenda
Youth unemployment at … 22.9%?
You’ll miss the BCS when it’s gone
You’ll miss the filibuster when it’s gone
You’re a racist. And there’s nothing you can do about it.
You’re less beautiful than you think
You’re not going to crush the Muslim Brotherhood
You’re not going to read this — but you’ll probably share it on social media anyway
You’re not supposed to like Pajama Boy
You’re on the wrong side of history
You’re wrong, Mr. Obama, the IRS is corrupt
Zarqawi lives: Iraq’s Al Qaeda nightmare is back
Zawahiri to jihadi rebels in Syria: Don’t make common cause with secularists
Zawahiri’s man in Libya
Zero-tolerance stupidity at school
Zimmerman a free man, but may be a marked man
Zimmerman acquitted of all charges in Trayvon Martin shooting
Zimmerman acquitted, media guilty
Zimmerman and our rotten political culture
Zimmerman and the federal hate-crimes law: Would it hold up in court?
Zimmerman backlash continues, thanks to the media
Zimmerman case being examined by federal prosecutors
Zimmerman critics who want to make convictions easier should think twice
Zimmerman jury initially split 3-2-1 on verdict
Zimmerman to get his gun back
Zimmerman will not get his gun back immediately
Zimmerman: A postmodern trial
Zimmerman’s brother: Sharpton has damaged the fabric of our society
Zombie studies gain ground on college campuses
Zombie Republicans
“A big hoax”: Experts say North Korea showing off missiles that can’t fly
“A colleague of mine said he was Muslim and recited something in Arabic and they let him go as well”
“A crucifix is now just a fashion statement”
“A lot of people my age and younger don’t understand the allure of this issue”
“A lot of us are shocked by that cover and totally understand what Sgt. Murphy did”
“A lot of us came to work here because it didn’t have a union”
“A nation of sullen paranoids”
“A part of me died with you”
“A special prosecutor in the IRS matter is inevitable”
“A tattoo artist should not be forced to put a swastika on an Aryan Nation guy”
“A word that was originally intended as a derogatory term, meant to shame and divide and demean”
“A&E messed with the wrong redneck”
“About three, four parents [came] up to me saying they’re not letting their kids go down there”
“Actually, Rushbo, racism is the belief that one race — whites — should rule all others”
“Affluenza” isn’t as crazy as it sounds
“Affordable” care depends on the size of your ObamaCare subsidy
“After five pictures, it was like: ‘Why stop?’”
“After the birth of my second child, I knew I needed to step it up big time”
“After they call, they’re not confused anymore. They’re angry.”
“Al Qaeda couldn’t have run this worse than the Obama Administration has run Healthcare.gov.”
“Alice in Wonderland” coercion
“All Assad needs now is time. So Assad is the ultimate winner.”
“All humans will die before 2030″
“All of this will lead nowhere for the United States — exactly where Damascus and Moscow want it to go”
“All of us are appalled by the substandard illegal practices”
“All of us that have been in the last four administrations have drunk the Kool-Aid”
“All these people say they’re going to defund Obamacare and they’re not trying. And he is.”
“All we ever heard about Obamacare is that it would lower our deductibles and premiums”
“America will soon collapse. It will disappear.”
“American Principles is going after Tea Party conservatives who are influencers”
“An abortion doesn’t un-rape a woman”
“An unconstitutional act”: Obama’s war on journalism
“Anarchy” and our Hobbesian left
“And then, this morning, I remembered my values”
“Anne was a great girl. Hopefully she would have been a belieber.”
“Any time you try to stand up for the American people, it’s worth it”
“Anyone who has a tough primary is kind of cowed into holding the line”
“Anyone who thinks this issue is done is fooling themselves”
“Arafat is generally regarded as the George Washington of the Palestinian people”
“Are we going to open the gates for 12-year-olds to sue for an Xbox?”
“Are you ready for immigration reform? I am!”
“As I write in the book, it was this absence of passion … that disturbed me”
“As far as I know, no other mummy has been found thus far with an erect penis”
“As far as I’m concerned, driving is a part of me”
“As for reaching out to the other side, he’s impotent”
“As long as they keep body count at a certain level, we won’t do anything”
“As long as we have enough pitch in the system this will keep going”
“As my father would say, come hell or high water, we’re going to win this”
“As one McCain aide told GQ: ‘He (expletive) hates Cruz’”
“As the party has moved to meet their concerns, the tea party’s outsized role has diminished”
“Assad has enough sarin to wipe out Damascus, Aleppo, Homs”
“At some point, I will be running for something else”
“At the moment she pulled the trigger, her dog jumped on her and diverted the shot”
“Austerity” to blame? But where’s the austerity?
“Average” Barbie is just as fake
“Barack Obama has still never really sold the American people on anything but himself”
“Barbarians are barbaric”
“Based on every statement I’ve heard from every Republican in the last two years, the Israelis are controlling our government”
“Beat her! She is an American!”
“Because in the United States of America, health insurance isn’t a privilege – it is your right”
“Being a friend with your son or daughter on Facebook, to me is synonymous with reading your teenager’s diary”
“Believe me, as a busy single mother…or, I shouldn’t say ‘single’ – as a busy mother…”
“Bible” producers cut Satan scenes from “Son of God” following Obama controversy
“Bill Clinton did not intentionally antagonize Republicans”
“Bill Clinton would not have gotten away with this”
“Bin Laden cowered and hid. Mughniyeh spent his life giving us the finger.”
“Black budget” summary details U.S. spy network’s successes, failures, and objectives
“Bob is very loyal to people who help him — I’ll put it that way”
“Boehner raised the prospect of a grand bargain-type deal at the White House meeting and was laughed at”
“Both times, police showed up but never went inside, neighbors say”
“Boundless Informant”: The NSA’s secret tool to track global surveillance data
“Boy, do we miss you”
“Brilliant people get away with a lot in the Clinton world”
“Broad support” within RNC for earlier convention in 2016
“Brosurance” ads hide a key truth about ObamaCare: It’s generational theft
“Camming is driving the adult industry”
“Can Americans count on Sens. Cruz & Lee to join us?”
“Can I do it joyfully?”
“Can you defend his decision to ask Eric Holder investigate and review Eric Holder’s actions?”
“Candy, with all due respect, that’s ludicrous”
“Cantrell got to ride shot-bun in the Wienermobile through Richland Springs”
“Chris Christie’s strategy is brilliant — it worked swimmingly for Jon Huntsman”
“Chris, nobody’s talking about it but you.”
“Clearly toilets are supposed to flush, not explode”
“Clearly, they’re not just jousting. They’re elbowing.”
“Completely false”: Sources on ground in Benghazi challenge NYT report
“Conservative Republican” at the IRS defends Tea-Party targeting
“Crushing defeat”: UAW suffers big loss at Tennessee Volkswagen plant
“Daily Show” on ObamaCare launch: You can’t “spin this turd”
“Dealing with this was like dealing with tax day every day for two and a half years”
“Death would be a better option for me.”
“Delay without defund or if House funds it in any capacity, then all hell is going to break loose”
“Dem Party is F****d.”
“Did Dr. Kermit Gosnell ever deliver a baby and let it live?”
“Did John Brennan lie under oath? The answer appears to be yes”
“Did you hope Obama would be a different kind of Democrat?”
“Disincentives to work are not always a bad thing”
“Diversity” of thought, campus-style
“Do they (atheists) think that our guests are so ignorant that they don’t know what an atheist is?”
“Do you know who the role model for every president should be? Jimmy Carter”
“Do you realize that this is how wars start?”
“Do you think you were naive back then or have you recalibrated your ambitions?”
“Doc shock” on deck in ObamaCare wars
“Doing the Lord’s work, one tip at a time”
“Don’t stand for this. You are sitting here like cattle. Is this America?”
“Duck Dynasty,” meet Pope Francis
“Duck Dynasty” and a free society
“Duck Dynasty” launches its own line of guns
“Duck Dynasty” reversal shows GLAAD has an expiration date
“Duck Dynasty” sponsor: We stand with Phil
“Duck Dynasty” vs. Pajama Boy: Two Americas
“Egyptian people here hate Obama and say let him cut the aid”
“Erotica has become more prevalent because people are trying to have sex without having sex”
“Even if North Korea reopens Kaesong, they’ve already lost credibility”
“Even if [Christie] lost 200 pounds tomorrow, it’s going to be a constant conversation if he runs”
“Even if we get out of the crisis, maybe in four years, I’ll be 32, and then what?”
“Even though I am a poor guy, I don’t need money that doesn’t belong to me”
“Even though it did appear as if I was participating in it, I said it was a dumb idea”
“Every criminal defendant is entitled to be read Miranda rights”
“Every day I’m burdened by the fact that my peers might reject me because I’m different from them”
“Every fight is an Alamo in their minds, but after the defeat our leaders never get to San Jacinto”
“Every major city which is a center of poverty is run by Democrats”
“Every single Romney donor we spoke with this week listed the former Florida governor as their top choice”
“Every two years they have this new great person who’s going to change it. I’ll believe it when I see it.”
“Everybody here’s a no on Syria”
“Everybody spies on everybody, I mean that’s just a fact”
“Everyone dreams of becoming a mom. This was my chance.”
“Exercise your duties as a public servant and a Catholic, or have the honesty to formally renounce them”
“Family glitch” in ObamaCare could leave 500,000 children without coverage
“Ferguson apparently never even went into the hospital to get treated”
“Festivus” writer grieves about Rand Paul
“Fight Club Dems” gotta fight!
“Fighting with the president is one thing. Fighting with the president and losing is another thing.”
“Fingerprinted for what?”
“Fire Boehner” ads running across cable news this week
“First — she is smoking hot”
“Fiscal questions trump defense in a way they never would have after 9/11”
“Five hundred [calls] yesterday, and right now, they’re just ringing non-stop”
“Five thousand officers and agents can’t deal with those kinds of numbers”
“For every one person who gets their policy cancelled, that fact could influence maybe three or four other voters”
“For one year, the family would live like it was 1986″
“Four tigers are still surrounding the men under the tree”
“Fran, you got ten bucks?”
“Frankly, it’s all but over for the poor in this city”
“Free Jahar”: America’s sociopathic fetish
“From 1990 to 2007, the entire increase in official poverty was among Hispanics”
“Frost, who first gave birth at 14, vowed to demand an even bigger house if she doesn’t like her new property”
“Genitalia, dear readers, are where the rubber meets the road, evolutionarily”
“George [Lucas] wanted to know whether we’d be interested”
“Get your tapes rolling at home, folks, because it’s going to be a big ‘I told you so’”
“Getting told why we are bad for jersey. Amazing.”
“Ghost marriage between two dead people is stable and lasts forever”
“Give me a napkin, quick. There’s a turd floating through the air.”
“Giving machines the power to decide who lives and dies on the battlefield would take technology too far”
“Glitches” hit ObamaCare paper, phone applications too
“God bless you for what you’re saying about gun control”
“God has a funny way of reminding us we’re human”
“Going after him and tearing him down will actually splash mud back onto Liz Cheney”
“Gosh, it’s going to be a fun race!”
“Guns & Ammo” editor resigns amid gun-control column uproar
“H.I.V. is becoming a disease of the middle-aged”
“Ha, ha, ha,” says Boehner to retirement rumor
“Have we ever met a voter who is going to vote on Benghazi? No, I really don’t think so.”
“He calls me Mom. I call him Naughty Boy.”
“He came in and that’s when I grabbed him by the throat and slammed him down on the floor”
“He can now also say he has avoided a third war”
“He does have a lot of sympathy right now, even from people who do not like Chris Christie”
“He doesn’t think it will come back before they’ve made some pretty good steps on immigration”
“He felt pain and he could feel a tickle when we tickled him and he would smile at times”
“He has an inferiority complex”
“He has not considered the particularities of our people”
“He is glad they had the chance to speak and it was a respectful conversation”
“He jokingly suggested that the game be renamed ‘The Super Oobie Doobie Bowl’”
“He needs to make people think he has skin in the game in the future so that they treat him relevant now”
“He reads people carefully — he has a columnist mentality”
“He referred to Politico as ‘the rich kids camp in Meatballs’”
“He said his class teacher refused it because one of the kids was fasting”
“He said to McConnell, ‘This has happened because there’s a leadership vacuum’”
“He said … that he really felt that he wished Adam had never been born”
“He said, we’re going down. And everyone is looking around like, is this a joke?”
“He said, ‘If we run the story, we’ll be kicked out of China’”
“He sings all the time. He’s in the bathroom all the time, just singing.”
“He sleeps almost all day and does nothing, and that fits the profile of a politician”
“He spent last fall talking to all the major networks, and he couldn’t get a job”
“He stored them because he knew he was going to use them, but he didn’t know for what”
“He took a skidder and took out two houses. I mean demolished.”
“He was a chain-smoking, relentless wine drinker who was more interested in the high life”
“He was very well wedged in there and we were concerned for his health and wellbeing”
“He was worried the volunteer guys wouldn’t be safe on a chemical fire”
“HealthCare.gov needs to be fixed. We believe that in a few days it will be.”
“Here’s some real pissant — I want to say something about Rand Paul”
“Her” and us: Why romance isn’t supposed to be easy
“He’s a good dad”
“He’s being a pig. He’s collecting the two franchises and holding them close to his vest.”
“He’s had some statements that to me sound kind of liberal, has taken me aback”
“He’s in for a world of hurt, for the rest of his life”
“He’s in the game. He’s getting in our heads.”
“He’s my friend for life — I don’t care what you guys think about him”
“He’s not the webmaster in chief. There are people under him whose job it is to make this work.”
“He’s the only one they all like”
“High” tolerance: NYC on the road to decriminalizing pot
“His body is no longer in the City of Worcester and is now entombed”
“Hollywood is more racist than America”
“House Republicans have no idea how they’re going to lift the debt ceiling this fall”
“House of Cards” and D.C. e-mail jujitsu
“House of Cards” is not a conservative show — except when it is
“House of Cards” is the most tea-party show ever
“House of Cards” star: Senior Obama official told me reporters sleep with their sources
“How can you have a civil war when there’s only five or six primaries that could become competitive?”
“How do you message that … to reach out to those who are disinclined to sign up for the Republican Party?”
“How many times do people have to say, ‘secure our borders,’ and be rebuffed?”
“How soon are we going to have drones overhead with Tasers on them?”
“Huma has a choice to make. Does she go with Anthony, or … with Hillary?”
“I am Chelsea Manning. I am a female.”
“I am a truth lover. All religions are not alike.”
“I am angry because it is corrupting the world, this gun culture of the United States”
“I am not sure who is saying this stuff, but it is not I!”
“I am not terribly interested in what people who are not voters in the city of New York have to say”
“I am president of the National Association of Health Underwriters, and I could not get on the Web site”
“I am so deaf I [didn’t] know what was going on”
“I am surprised. I’ve never heard of another physician doing this.”
“I am tired of seeing our Second Amendment rights trampled on. We can beat them.”
“I am too skinny to run. At least that’s what my friend Chris Christie keeps telling me.”
“I am willing to give up some of my constitutional rights in order to be safer”
“I am wired in a different way than this event requires. … I just don’t know if I can do this.”
“I believe I’m a Reagan Republican”
“I believe that you guys have an obligation to report it the way it is”
“I believe the whole conference has learned a lot of lessons since the shutdown”
“I can confirm that she was singing ‘I Will Always Love You’ as she was escorted off”
“I can see every little pixel if I just close my eyes”
“I cannot remember much about my journey. It has all gone into one thought – the sea, the sea.”
“I cannot sit and watch a lady diminish her qualities to the lowest common denominator”
“I can’t find anything in the Constitution that says you prefer the life of the mother”
“I can’t speak to the law here. The law is irrelevant.”
“I can’t wait to see … some Tea Party type calling him a liberal and Christie reaching down guy’s throat”
“I carefully shoot from the shadows of my home into theirs”
“I choose to make it my job to not automatically believe what the U.S. government says”
“I consider myself more of a conservative than… a straight Republican”
“I could get a whole lot more done if Nancy Pelosi is Speaker of the House”
“I didn’t have enough hands to cover his ears too and he got the sound down real good”
“I didn’t think human beings had such perverseness to do this”
“I do not want a repeat of … what happened in December 2005 where Medicare.gov had a meltdown”
“I do trust him. I absolutely trust that he will go in a good direction.”
“I don’t believe President Obama wants an immigration bill to pass”
“I don’t debate with Israelis”
“I don’t even know what I can legally do and can’t at this point”
“I don’t have much patience for people who deny climate change”
“I don’t know any man who wants to just snuggle”
“I don’t know how I lifted it, it was just so heavy”
“I don’t know how anyone could leave a child in the woods and walk away”
“I don’t know what the opposite of the Midas Touch is, but that’s what Obama has”
“I don’t know why I kept looking for another. I already had 2 in my possession.”
“I don’t remember saying that everybody in the country would have a lower premium…”
“I don’t see how a jury convicts”
“I don’t take gun advice from the Mayor of NYC. I listen to Arkansans.”
“I don’t think President Obama is here, but I’m sure he’s listening in”
“I don’t think anyone quite understands how it gets resolved”
“I don’t think morale is the highest it’s ever been”
“I don’t think that Obama and his people really understand how others in the world are viewing his policies”
“I don’t think there’s any Bush baggage at all”
“I don’t think there’s anyone in Congress who has a stronger belief in minority rights than I do”
“I don’t think there’s confidence by anyone in the room. This is more a show-me moment.”
“I don’t think we could do Life of Brian any more. A parody of Islam would be even harder.”
“I don’t understand why you’re not willing to help this patient”
“I don’t understand… I thought cocaine wasn’t illegal in Florida”
“I don’t want to hear about, ‘well we can’t take it on because it’s too politically dangerous’”
“I don’t work for the party bosses in Washington”
“I failed. Big time.”
“I fear for women anywhere this man would go”
“I figured I’d do it myself for a while until I felt like it was unbearable”
“I figured he found [about] $41,000, let’s give him $50,000″
“I figured it would tweak the right. Who cares?”
“I figured out that I could play a… valuable role as a janitor, if you will”
“I find it amusing that those in Washington are puzzled when someone actually does what they said they would do”
“I find it concerning that this is becoming an emerging hazard”
“I find it odd that every time he speaks he says provably untrue things like this”
“I guess we could go lower in the polls. We’re down to blood relatives and paid staffers.”
“I had a sense that I never had before from the president of being defeated”
“I had every expectation that at some point or other this case would wind up in the Supreme Court”
“I had my first encounter with the IRS this year, unsurprisingly after the prayer breakfast”
“I had only picked six numbers and the female shop assistant reminded me that I needed to pick a seventh”
“I hate your government, your lies, your corruption, your religion”
“I have a great deal of faith in Paul Ryan that will not be changed because of this issue”
“I have remorse for the harm that this has caused”
“I have some reforms for the First Amendment”
“I have to think the justices — and especially the chief — are very cognizant of the shifting public opinion”
“I haven’t heard of this before with an acquitted defendant”
“I hope he takes a real, hard look at running, but now’s not the time”
“I hope no one uses the term ‘illegal immigrant’ here today”
“I hope that him and I can put this behind us”
“I just happen to be informed on gun issues, unlike those people who talk about them”
“I just really want them to know that I do love them and I forgive them”
“I just see a huge train wreck coming down”
“I just think it should be illegal to call somebody fat on TV”
“I just want to know why I can’t keep what I have. Why do I have to be forced into something else?”
“I just wish it would be respectful. I respect Ted Cruz. I respect these people and their views.”
“I just would ask you … to boil the question down … just as a human being and as a dad, how I’ve done”
“I kind of feel like that, we are winning. And I’m not on any drugs.”
“I knew it was worth money. But I had no idea how much.”
“I know that this American god ain’t my god”
“I know the Obama people don’t want Judd”
“I know these guys are nervous as hell”
“I know they don’t bite. My fear is they will fly into me, into my hair, down my shirt.”
“I like Chris. I trust Chris. I still take him at his word. But I’m always blunt.”
“I like him as a human being. But somehow it seems like he’s over his head.”
“I like him. But he’s dumb as an ashtray.”
“I liked math, but then it started to get harder. And so that can be frustrating.”
“I lose my patience with this nonsense”
“I lost two sons. My family is in the dirt.”
“I loved Arafat, but the marriage to him was a big mistake on my part”
“I may be a white boy, but I can jump”
“I met a girl — she happens to have a pimp, and we fell in love”
“I never had the thought that I had reason to think I had to look over my shoulder until now”
“I never thought he would go willingly with someone without physical contact”
“I only know one thing: I’m against cutting Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid”
“I pray that Hillary Clinton decides to run for president of the United States”
“I really hesitate to tell Speaker Boehner how he should do this”
“I risked my life — for what?”
“I see no difference between eating animals and pedophilia”
“I see our responses … as complimentary and not necessarily (indicative of) any kind of rivalry”
“I simply knew that he was part of an administrative process”
“I started signing up last Thursday and I’m almost done”
“I still believe there is a possibility that she’s not going to run”
“I suspect it might have been linked to an assassination attempt disguised as a traffic accident”
“I think Hispanics, like any other voter, can see through an insincere candidate who is just spouting the rhetoric”
“I think I was really lucky. God was with me.”
“I think I’ll be spending a lot of time, here on out, saying I’m sorry”
“I think Mike Coffman is a very savvy guy … and he’s smelled the coffee, so to speak”
“I think Mrs. Clinton finds herself in the middle of a very ironic dilemma”
“I think Putin has outperformed our president time and time again on the world stage”
“I think a lot of people are confused by what he hopes to accomplish”
“I think a lot of the privacy people perhaps don’t understand that we still occupy the role of the Great Satan”
“I think he will be concerned about [conservatives] the day after the election in November”
“I think he would be impeached if he weren’t America’s first black president”
“I think his stock has risen tremendously, and certainly he has great security as our leader and our speaker”
“I think it was absolutely a mistake for President Obama and Harry Reid to force a government shutdown”
“I think it would be great if they replaced the National Day of Prayer”
“I think it’s a cult, not a political movement. Ready for Hillary compared to who?”
“I think it’s time today, in our drastic measures, to repeal and replace that Second Amendment”
“I think most people hear (about it) and think, ‘oh that’s not really a sport,’ and brush it off”
“I think ninjas are probably quieter than SEALs, but we are better swimmers”
“I think people expect the president, on his signature program, to be on top of it”
“I think she’s really just doing it for the publicity, and she wants a husband in office”
“I think that John Boehner will conference with the Senate. Why wouldn’t he?”
“I think that whole Bridgegate stuff is just another diversion that the Democrats try to pull”
“I think the best thing he can do is take a toke on the mayor of Toronto’s crack pipe”
“I think their guns are right there next to their Bibles. I’m not sure which they find more important to them.”
“I think there are a lot of conmen and scamsters coming in and tricking good Americans into sending them money”
“I think there was careless attention to some details, but I would not call it incompetence”
“I think this president got there earlier than most presidents. And I think he’s in that time now.”
“I think we all let these kids down”
“I think we are still trying to figure out exactly what the ‘right stuff’ is”
“I think we should audit the Pentagon”
“I think we’ll find E.T. within two dozen years using these sorts of experiments”
“I think we’re seeing the Senate Democrats are getting greedy about this whole thing”
“I think we’ve got a deal, and we’ve got to write the legislation”
“I thought I had better start talking to him before he starts attacking somebody else”
“I want (the hospital) to roll back the clock to the day I was born”
“I want a world where disabled people are valid sexual partners”
“I want to know if this is something that has come about because of playing football”
“I want to, for one moment, stand in defense of Ted Cruz”
“I wanted to send her the message because I thought it would brighten her spirits”
“I was asleep. I was taking a nap, and I just woke up. Then I saw her not driving.”
“I was having lunch with two of my Democratic friends, and … they are in a death spiral”
“I was laughing at Boehner — until the mail came today”
“I was on his African-American leadership council and never got a phone call from him”
“I was proud of him. I was proud he was a Texan.”
“I will always regret the abortion, but I’ll never regret having her”
“I will do everything I can, in my little way, to make sure [Chris Christie] is not the nominee”
“I will learn things from this”
“I wonder how the right wing in America feels about being aligned with al-Qaeda”
“I wonder if the press overall in retrospect overreacted to the attacks in Boston”
“I worked very, very hard to get the money for the release of my mother”
“I would be very concerned if opposition to Common Core became a vehicle to promote vouchers and charters”
“I would have you all arrested and tried for treason against my country”
“I would never put my faith and hope in any one politician”
“I would not be willing to do a funeral for him. This is a person who deliberately killed people.”
“I would put me down in the undecided category”
“I would say they’re somewhat like stunned bunnies at this point”
“I would say we are not closed for repairs, we are open for repairs”
“I would shoot it down, ordinance or no, I would shoot it down”
“If Assad is eating Cheerios, we’re going to take away his spoon and give him a fork”
“If I cry, will I be forgiven all of my transgressions?”
“If I was a black kid … my ass would’ve been in the back of a squad car”
“If I were Jeb Bush, I would run as a moderate”
“If I were a Democrat now, seeing this Republican restlessness, I would take it seriously”
“If I were starting a society from scratch … I would outlaw alcohol and I’d allow marijuana”
“If Ted Cruz calls somebody a communist, then you know they’re in my cabinet”
“If he doesn’t win the presidency, he can always become Prime Minister of Canada”
“If he said, ‘Hey, you got really hot breasts, man…’ Then like, yeah, cool.”
“If it wasn’t for the break-in it’s possible he might not have been found for days”
“If my arm bursts, then I will go to the doctor and get an operation”
“If she’s the nominee, I would say that this is a ‘lean Republican’ state but not a ‘solid Republican’ state”
“If somebody asks about my dad, I tell them that he died in the war”
“If the Russian proposal for Syria works, Obama … should give his Nobel to Putin”
“If the federal government doesn’t have to put its nose in the issue, we shouldn’t”
“If there’s any funds leftover, I humbly would like to use them for living expenses”
“If there’s something really big on the other side in terms of entitlement reform, it’s worth using the debt limit”
“If they don’t give a damn, why did they expect anybody else to?”
“If they think they’re going to force-feed amnesty, there’s going to be a rebellion”
“If this is true I may have to become an independant [sic]“
“If we can’t imagine Santa across the racial divide, no wonder we have trouble creating an America without a racial divide”
“If we do poorly, it will be the failure of the big illusion… And it can bury this regime.”
“If we don’t do this in Syria, we’ll be fighting them next inside the kingdom”
“If we had to go in tomorrow, I’d say we aren’t ready”
“If you accept that number, you sell your soul to the devil”
“If you enable your race to be about Obamacare, you’re making a mistake”
“If you knew what I know about email, you might not use it either”
“If you like the war you have, you can keep it”
“If you misunderstood what I was trying to say, I’m sorry about that”
“If you were to deprive him of his computer, that would be totally intolerable”
“If you’d known what you know now, would you have voted for him?”
“If you’re murdering somebody in cyberspace, in a sense you’re performing the act”
“If you’re spending so much money on these heels, why not know how to work them?”
“If you’re trying to kill the patient, full repeal is vaporization. But this is removing the liver.”
“Imagine what a couple might pay to ensure that they get the best out of 10 or 50 possible offspring”
“In fact, that crime was blowback for decades of US intervention in the Middle East”
“In private, he has talked longingly of ‘going Bulworth’”
“In the end, the deal was written entirely by the U.S. side”
“Industry of mediocrity”: Rookie teachers woefully unprepared, report says
“Infidelity is in our DNA”
“Insane” crowds as customers flood Connecticut gun stores before gun-control vote
“Insider Threat Program”: How the White House is keeping federal workers quiet
“Instead of fearing sexist attacks, we wait gleefully for the next one”
“Intelligence sources tell CNN it is ‘rare’ for Russians to reach out like that”
“Invite me on your show, you lying p***y”
“Iran is developing a second path to nuclear weapons”
“Is everybody wrong” about health care except Obama?
“Is he even more unpopular than George W. Bush? I think that’s already happened”
“Is it just me, or is secret blanket surveillance obscenely outrageous?”
“Is it unreasonable to target an anti-tax group?”
“Is there short-term damage? Yes. Is there long-term damage? We’ll see.”
“Is this an effect of, perhaps, of global warming or is this just some meteoric occasion?”
“Israel doesn’t need America on D-Day”
“It amazes me that people don’t love Obama”
“It appears I’m not transgender after all”
“It appears that we’ve got a bunch of crazies running around — one from Texas and some from other places”
“It appears there is some type of genetic determination in some families that have a lot of girls or a lot of boys”
“It could be Jimmy Hoffa, it might be Sasquatch or it could be a flying saucer, you know”
“It doesn’t matter what parental controls you put in place, kids live their lives in other places”
“It has been one of the more stunning and inexplicable displays of presidential incompetence that I’ve ever witnessed”
“It is an attack on God Himself”
“It is better to die here than leave again”
“It is extreme Big Brother”
“It is getting a lot harder to do this”
“It is this dysfunctional brain that produces these phenomena”
“It just seems to be part of being a guy in Russia that you are expected to drink heavily”
“It just takes one virus in one cell”
“It kills me not to be there, not to be in the White House doing what needs to be done”
“It looks as if Republicans are looking for a generational change”
“It really is a sin to waste a good meat”
“It seems the whole logic here is almost entirely the product of one particular mind”
“It turned out in the real world we were kidding ourselves”
“It was basically a palace coup to get Petraeus out of there”
“It was just funny to him, driving around with her”
“It was one of the most common forms of burying vampires”
“It wasn’t that awful, what you did”
“It will be the No. 1 race in the country without question if she runs”
“It would be utterly catastrophic. This would be a rapidly spreading fatal disease.”
“It would ruin my life”
“It’s a Hollywood facade. It’s a western.”
“It’s a compulsive disorder, something that you’re not able to control”
“It’s a country that’s standing. I thought it wouldn’t be.”
“It’s a shame that there’s going to be a focus on the noise rather than something that’s real and meaningful”
“It’s a unique experience, obviously”
“It’s a very small room but a very special room. You’re always on the top floor.”
“It’s almost like a family betrayal”
“It’s civil war in the GOP”
“It’s crazy pants – you can quote me”
“It’s everywhere now that it’s legal, they have it everywhere”
“It’s funny, they’re all about Obamacare is the law of the land, well so is the sequester”
“It’s going to end up hurting the people it’s supposed to help”
“It’s good to get away from Congress”
“It’s good to live a normal life again”
“It’s hard enough to get people to donate blood, but it’s much harder to get people to donate feces”
“It’s hard to be intimate yet because we are not yet comfortable with our bodies”
“It’s hard to be the CEO of an organization and not know what the closest people to you are up to”
“It’s hard to keep facing down Middle East Hitlers when there are no Churchills on the other side”
“It’s his Titanic moment. He’s hit the iceberg, but they keep acting like no water is coming into the ship.”
“It’s just a very cool way to remind yourself you’re rolling in the belly of all this stuff”
“It’s like Pompeii: Something terrible happened, and everything just stopped”
“It’s like a modern version of how a caveman used to bash a woman over the head with a club”
“It’s like playing a video game for four years”
“It’s looking horrible”: Tallying the House vote on Syria
“It’s more like a suicide than a sport”
“It’s not a burp. It’s barely a fart.”
“It’s not a phase. Anyone who meets him says, ‘Yeah, that’s a boy.’”
“It’s not a recovery. It’s not even normal growth. It’s bad.”
“It’s not like we’re the Whig party on the verge of extinction”
“It’s quite likely that this will be fatal for the regime and catastrophic for Russia”
“It’s really a once-in-a-lifetime thing you’re going to see”
“It’s scary to think that he was around here, listening to everyone talking about the bombers and stuff like that”
“It’s terrible, it’s painful to watch. We really do know him. Watching this is gut-wrenchingly painful.”
“It’s the culture that the president’s cultivated here. A culture of dishonesty, a culture of hatred.”
“It’s very difficult to keep these people in check then they get famous”
“I’ll come home and turn on the news and I’ll think, you know, our story lines are not that crazy”
“I’ll commit suicide before I vote on a clean minimum-wage bill”
“I’m a complete fan of the Affordable Care Act, but now I can’t sleep at night”
“I’m a damn good Republican”
“I’m afraid this is beginning to border on a cult of personality for people on the left”
“I’m afraid to go on the record because of what the IRS might do to my group”
“I’m an anarchist, I guess you could say”
“I’m for it. But what is the reality of it?”
“I’m happy to blame the media”
“I’m just an empty, soulless vessel, so it doesn’t hurt me as much”
“I’m not here on a shift. I’m here on a mission.”
“I’m not here to obstruct anything. I will vote in favor of liberty and justice at every opportunity.”
“I’m not in any way unaware of my well-chronicled failings as a human being”
“I’m not in office. If I were in office I would have apologized.”
“I’m not much different from Andrew Cuomo. I probably agree with him on 98% of the issues.”
“I’m not sorry about using every ounce of my energy in bringing that war to an end”
“I’m not sure he’s really fully established himself as the go-to guy on foreign policy”
“I’m not there to be a diplomat. I’m there to go there and just have a good time”
“I’m sure Obama is an atheist, I’m sure Kennedy was an atheist, but I doubt if Pope Frank is”
“I’m trying everything to get rid of Mr. Walker”
“I’m willing to go anywhere in the world to play basketball”
“I’ve been a prosecutor for 26 years and I’ve never seen anything like that happen”
“I’ve never fought the word genius when people have said that about me”
“Joe Biden said, ‘buy a shotgun.’ That’s what this guy did, he bought a shotgun.”
“Journalists who became Obama operatives speak highly of the experience”
“Judge us by how many laws we repeal”
“Just do good, and we’ll find a meeting point”
“Just reassure him. Pat him on the shoulder.”
“Just talking with my colleagues, trying to figure out how to make a bill work”
“Kathleen Sebelius is very nervous about her standing with the president”
“Keeping us safe, one gnome at a time”
“Kindness covers all of my political beliefs”
“Let me know what I can do to help you with Boehner”
“Let’s be myself and see what happens”
“Liberals – you could actually lose me”
“Like 2010 was the Republican wave, 2014 will be the primary wave”
“Liz – this isn’t just an issue on which we disagree, you’re just wrong”
“Lone wolf” terrorists get what they want in global spotlight
“Loveint”: NSA letter discloses employee eavesdropping on girlfriends, spouses
“Man of Steel” director: It’s okay for Superman to be an American with Obama in office
“Marco Rubio has allowed himself to be used by the Democrats to divide his own party”
“Marco Rubio has been a game changer in my party”
“Marco, you got to be there. I want you there because of your position in the party.”
“Maybe Ted Cruz should spend a little time trying to win the Senate instead of attacking his fellow Republicans”
“Maybe if I do this then everything will be over. Mum will be happy like she was before”
“Memo to Chris Christie: They hate you”
“Might I suggest trying for a job at Al Jazeera? I here they’re hiring!”
“Mike Lee for president”? He’s got bigger plans for the Tea Party
“Mike Lee has hardly wanted to go shopping for fear of being confronted”
“Military-style” raid on California power station spooks U.S.
“Misha,” the Boston bombings’ mystery man
“Mitch McConnell is a fantastic conservative. He was the Ted Cruz on campaign finance reform.”
“Moderate” cleric wins Iran’s presidential vote
“Mood index”: Americans are more conservative than they have been in decades
“More than a few senators, Democrat and Republican, have made the decision to throw rocks at me”
“Morning Joe” panel on Ted Cruz: “This is the Taliban”
“Most expect the president to act as a consoler-and-chief in the face of tragedy”
“Most of the guns used to commit violence here in Mexico come from the United States”
“Mr. Carney, whose usefulness to this administration is diminishing rapidly…”
“My beliefs align best with the GOP”
“My job is to protect the country when I can”
“My mother was born in Wilmington, Del. She’s a U.S. citizen, so I’m a U.S. citizen.”
“My posterior was shredded a little bit by donors”
“My son is a true angel”
“My trust with America is not good. I don’t trust them and they don’t trust me.”
“Natsune was wearing her father’s jacket and was wrapped in his arms”
“Neither court orders nor the familial bond meant anything to him as he fled to avoid his obligations”
“New” drone policy? U.S. strike reportedly kills number two in Pakistani Taliban
“Nightmare” bacteria are real, and the US needs to act fast
“No great coalition, no great party ever has agreed on everything”
“No one has actually seen a drop emerge, so it is getting quite nervy round here”
“No one likes a gay minstrel show”
“No tip” server lied about having cancer, serving in Afghanistan, say friends
“No, the split is more like 99.99-0.01%”
“Nobody can bully me out of running for the U.S. Senate, not even Karl Rove”
“Nonsense is nonsense, but the history of nonsense is scholarship”
“Not believing in God makes life more precious”
“Not once did he express any empathy for George Zimmerman”
“Nothing says Valentine’s Day like Senator Ted Cruz, our national aphrodisiac”
“Now I would describe people pushing this against the will of the people as ‘thugs’”
“Now let us dine on RINO flesh”
“Now recently in Washington, unfortunately, we’ve seen examples of the wrong kind of leadership”
“Now the difficult part starts”
“Nowhere in rebel-controlled Syria is there a secular fighting force to speak of”
“Nowhere to go but up”
“Nudge” off: Why the czars of suggestion are doomed to failure
“Obama has no sense of what he wants to do in the world”
“Obama has placed himself and his party in what now looks like a zero-sum bind”
“Obama was angry at the revelations, privately excoriating Mr. Snowden as a self-important narcissist”
“Obamacare is now a tapestry of coercions mitigated by random acts of presidential mercy”
“Of course I want Obamacare to fail”
“Officials said the family chose not to vaccinate their child”
“Oh, no question, I would clean his clock. Just one knock on the head. It’s done.”
“Oh, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no.”
“One hundred people submit their application, one of them goes all the way through the processing”
“One nice thing when you come to me is not to mock me”
“One of the last presidents to balance the budget was Herbert Hoover”
“One person can read this and say gun owners are racists — and that’s not what it says”
“Our North Star”?
“Our generation is a lost cause”
“Our goal is very simple. It’s to turn Texas back into a battleground state.”
“Our men aren’t men”
“Outsiders who pose a threat to the health or safety of my family aren’t welcome here”
“PRISM is one of the most benign things that they’ve got going there”
“Pathway to citizenship” could add $300 billion to OCare’s pricetag over a decade
“Pelosi hid behind the skirt of her own bassinet”
“Pent-up demand” for sex-selective abortions could soon be unleashed
“Pentagon planners were instructed not to offer strike options that could help drive Mr. Assad from power”
“People are surprised. Of course, some people are surprised I can even read.”
“People don’t like to tell him bad news”
“People just assume they’re being investigated, and it’s not a good feeling”
“People respond if you ask for their vote. And in Texas, millions of people have never been asked.”
“Perhaps atheism is an intellectual luxury for the wealthy”
“Personally, I don’t believe in borders”
“Phony” baloney: A pathetic new scandal defense
“Please don’t let my daughter die, Governor. Don’t let my daughter die.”
“Please forgive me, we are not monsters”
“Political intelligence”: Wall Street investors met with WH staffers while bill was being drafted
“Politics can’t live up to that sort of mirage of sort of religiosity”
“Politics is a feeling”
“Politics is not theology. It’s easy to be pure when you are talking about theology.”
“Pot is the new gay marriage”
“Precocious puberty can be completely cured by appropriate medical or surgical intervention if diagnosed early”
“President Obama was shaking the hand of the killer of my father”
“Putin — earlier than other leaders — grasped that the U.S. was back to a utopian Jimmy Carter mode”
“R-S-P-E-C-T”?
“Rand Paul is actually in sync with a crisis-weary America and a fatigued G.O.P.”
“Rand Paul is probably a little too out there, maybe, for me”
“Ready for Hillary” Super PAC ramping up
“Red line” just one of roughly 500 Obama promises that have come and gone
“Refusal will result in a Racial Discrimination note being attached to your child’s educational record…”
“Reid stipulated one condition: No Joe Biden”
“Republicans are easier for us than Democrats. Democrats tend to take it personally”
“Republicans are supposed to be the party of national defense”
“Reset” update: Russia to resume nuclear sub patrols in southern seas after 20-year hiatus
“Reverse shopping” lays bare the ongoing struggle in the US
“Rory is back to normal and we don’t have a cat that barks or fetches the paper”
“Rubio has hurt himself immeasurably with his support of the current immigration bill”
“Scouting is about teaching a substantial amount of life lessons. Sexuality is not one of them.”
“Seeing the little one wriggling and groaning as the pipe was torn apart bit by bit wrings my heart”
“Sen. Cruz is a U.S. citizen by birth”
“Sensory fiction”: Books that let you feel what the characters do
“Sex and the City” versus “Girls”
“Sexiest Man Alive” brought in to boost ObamaCare enrollment
“Sexual jihad”?
“Sharknado” screenwriter: Sequel is in the works
“She follows the chain of command. She’s not a cowboy.”
“She made a big scene, but I told her I couldn’t serve her, so she stormed out”
“She said, ‘Mark, quit apologizing.’ I know I need to do that.”
“She’s demanding that we pay her bills but she doesn’t want to live at home”
“Showing weakness in principles is not a ‘gateway to youth’”
“Shut up your mouth, Obama. Shut up your mouth, Obama!”
“Silda is telling her female friends that she is done with him”
“Sir, do you have an explanation as to why I am getting a high isotope reading on your bag?”
“Sit on the lap of Satan”
“Smart power” lies in ruins
“So Rachel Maddow’s entire segment was one big lie”
“So help me God” now optional in Air Force oath
“Sodomy: We all have to pay!”
“Some members are understandably skeptical of No Labels”
“Some people are still furious about what went down in [the fall] with healthcare and some of the NSA elements”
“Some people believe that there are aliens that are involved in this”
“Some people can’t believe one person can have this much butt”
“Some senator from Arizona … a guy that’s been to Syria and supported al-Qaeda and rebels…”
“Sometimes, it feels like the Left wasn’t anti-war. It was just anti-Bush.”
“Sorry, you’ll have to sit separately. Absence makes the heart grow fonder.”
“Stand Your Ground” laws are winning
“Start a war, get a gun, shoot me first”
“Stop and frisk” is not racial profiling
“Stop being a baby”: Infanticide and the infantilization of women
“Superbugs could erase a century of medical advances,’ experts warn
“Surreal” escape: How survivors fled badly damaged Asiana Flight 214
“Terrible mistakes happen, and I think that’s what happened here”
“Terrorism” tag could cost Boston businesses hit hard by Marathon attack
“Thank God, there are almost no Jews in Syria now”
“That didn’t start under the Obama administration. He seems to have perfected it…”
“That sounds interestingly homoerotic to people who are outside your religious traditions”
“That stain does not come out … It’s like the NRSC endorsing Charlie Crist.”
“That was frightening and that’s why I shut it down. I shut my group down.”
“That’s something we can really point to as questionable actions of her time at State”
“That’s the good thing about being president, I can do whatever I want”
“The 20 or so other candidates present didn’t notice anything”
“The Book of Matt”: Debunking a myth of the gay-rights movement
“The Chinese already have everything Snowden had”
“The Christians are never going back”
“The Hunger Games” is a civics lesson
“The National Parks Service has a long history of dramatizing budget issues by inconveniencing the public”
“The Newsroom” is a homage to everything that’s wrong with TV news
“The Pope is a Democrat. He ought to run for the presidency.”
“The Republican party needs a good healthy dose of libertarianism”
“The U.S. government should be on its knees every day begging that nothing happen to Snowden”
“The Walking Dead” is all about gun control
“The Washington team – it’s the king of the mountain. When this one goes, others will.”
“The Worst Restaurant Meal in America”
“The [House] majority is at risk”
“The agents/brokers are, to a person, terrified”
“The association of women who will not have sex with men who vote for Masuzeo”
“The battlefields are merging”
“The beginning of the end of mass incarceration”?
“The bigger the baby, the more he charged”
“The biggest lesson I’ve learned is to listen to your gut even when it conflicts with expert advisers”
“The biggest single domestic policy lie in presidential history”
“The biggest surprise has been the defeatist attitude of many Republicans in Washington”
“The body is ‘just not designed’ to play football”
“The bottom line is all of those smears are absolutely false, and that’s the bottom line”
“The bottom line is, we’re not going to punish students for expressing their religious faiths”
“The bride’s mother thinks she’s crazy and sought to block the wedding”
“The chair is out to kill us”
“The conduct of the National Park Service … might be the biggest scandal of the Obama administration”
“The country is in danger of paralysis”
“The country may now indeed be ready for another Bush”
“The day after that FHM shoot, I knew my life had to change”
“The drawing was funny to some people, but forensic artists have a tough job”
“The enemy is everywhere”
“The fact [this case] has been so aggressively ignored by national media needs to be explored”
“The family is happy that they can put this behind them”
“The faster metabolism puts people who fact-check at a disadvantage”
“The group sees itself as an organization that can be a government”
“The guy, as a person, is horrific”
“The hand isn’t mine, the plane is not my company’s!!!”
“The incentive: About $3,000 to compensate for their time”
“The influence is immense, the influence is immense. And, I might add, it is all to the good.”
“The issue of income inequality is vital, and Hillary Clinton has not always had the right position”
“The issue with it is that it legalizes 11 million people before it is put into place all the way”
“The more bullets that get shot at him, the bigger and stronger he gets”
“The motive? Police don’t have one. The teens appeared to have picked him at random”
“The neo-conservative era is dead”
“The new right … is going to be a force that fights for people as opposed to a force that fights against things.”
“The officers had already found a man face down, multiple aisles, and the whole store is in chaos”
“The only way for us to go forward is to all make clear that the era of threatening default is over”
“The parallels with what went on in the 1930s in Germany are so crushingly obvious”
“The part that is alarming is the confidence they showed while communicating and the air of certainty”
“The performance can be seen as a metaphor for the apathy … of contemporary Russian society,”
“The political class has to earn the right to ask for an illegal-alien amnesty”
“The practical matter is that this is a niche medium. Their appeal, they will never be as broad as Facebook.”
“The president broke Axe and Robert’s hearts”
“The president has kept every promise he’s made”
“The president’s signature bill is a cluster of authoritarianism, cronyism, and secrecy”
“The press is largely sympathetic to their arguments on this that it’s the House Republicans’ fault”
“The press needs to take a 60-day chill pill”
“The price for ridding society of bad is always high. Love, Daddy.”
“The problem is that even if the majority are winners … they’re not the ones writing to their congressmen”
“The problem was there weren’t enough good guys with guns”
“The rate of major depression is five times as high among soldiers as civilians”
“The realism of the mask is unbelievable”
“The reason that al-Maliki does not listen to Obama …is because America has no leverage. America evacuated.”
“The right side of history,” according to Obama
“The same thing happened on apartheid”
“The school started coming apart”: Students trapped by tornado had nowhere to hide
“The sky’s going to be dark with these things”
“The talk about raising revenue is over”
“The terrorism is starting”: Egypt tears itself apart
“The traditional governing wing of the Republican Party is fed up with this dysfunction, this ‘no’ to everything”
“The unanimous response was, ‘That’s impossible. Those plans are gone’”
“The victim had been fantasising about being killed and eaten by someone else since his youth”
“The victim was wearing a lottery T-shirt during the explosion”
“The virus is ‘a threat to the entire world’”
“The water is now inside my ears and I’m completely cut off”
“The whole conservative movement counts on Heritage for its intellectual integrity”
“The worst-case scenario for us is the sequester hits and nothing bad really happens”
“The youngest child showing this kind of behaviour was a six-year-old but that is unusual”
“Then you say, ‘See! The next one is in the middle of Tehran’”
“There are no black holes”
“There are people who would love to see America fight their war for them. But that is not their choice.”
“There are similar concerns for Democratic incumbents [now] as there were for Republican incumbents in 2006”
“There are some in our caucus that, regardless of what the bill says, are not going to support it. And that’s life.”
“There are … some Ron Paul supporters who may not agree with everything Rand has done”
“There certainly were mentors”
“There is a kind of threatening tone that, from time to time — not all the time — comes out of these guys”
“There is a problem within Islam – from the adherents of an ideology which is a strain within Islam”
“There is a shared struggle among the immigrant and the LGBT communities”
“There is no food”: Post-revolutionary economic turmoil dashes hopes in Egypt
“There is no one leader, other than our official leadership that we have”
“There is no reason to challenge him… I think it’s regrettable.”
“There is no reason why a young person should have to pay for college education”
“There must be six million of us, then. I think we should just call ourselves the liars’ club.”
“There really is a sea change in the evangelical world on immigration reform”
“There was a point when we started praying for people to die”
“There will be changes to the president’s team coming out of this”
“There will be changes, some significant changes. There’s no way around it.”
“There will be no war. We’re not going to point our weapons.”
“There’s a Rembrandt trapped in this body”
“There’s a lot of ‘you better watch your back, I know where u are, I’m going to get you’”
“There’s a new public enemy No. 1 in Senate GOP circles, and it’s not Ted Cruz”
“There’s a piece of me that says this thing is just so complicated that God couldn’t have implemented it”
“There’s a young generation who believes he’s some kind of Jason Bourne”
“There’s a ‘real person’ sense that seems to be missing”
“There’s no question in my mind that I have more influence now on public policy than I did as an individual senator”
“There’s nothing better for conservatism than periodic examples of untrammeled liberalism”
“There’s only one way out, a huge government bailout of the insurers is waiting”
“There’s plenty of money, it’s just the government doesn’t have it”
“These are not glitches. The extent of the problems is pretty enormous.”
“These guys make James Bond look like a wimp”
“These guys were produced by the international jihadist machine”
“These zero-tolerance policies are psychotic, in the strict sense of the word”
“They already want me, him and all of us to look (like) terrorists”
“They are active political proponents of harsh right-wing positions”
“They are just consumed by groupthink. They’re really like liberals this way.’
“They could have asked the community what they thought about it before they just let him be buried”
“They described Tamerlan as very controlling and very manipulative of their friend”
“They don’t believe this was just a spreadsheet. They believe it was a score sheet.”
“They drafted my account this morning for a second time”
“They had no idea if my insurance was active or not!”
“They have to know that they are a minority and adjust to smaller things, and not rise to the greatest heights”
“They just don’t like each other”
“They may be able to squeak it out. But at best it’s going to be razor thin.”
“They may give me a female, but I don’t want a female intern. That may sound sexist but I really don’t.”
“They really believe that their s*** doesn’t smell, that they have all the answers”
“They said this is an agriculture item… This is my life.”
“They say it appears from the wound that he might have stuck a gun in his mouth and fired”
“They told us our legs would hurt, and they do”
“They will not get away with attacking my wife in this campaign”
“They’re always conspiring. It’s mostly just about power. And it’s just gotten us nowhere.”
“They’re pretty much the worst, hands down, of any group we ever investigated”
“They’re the greatest generation – nobody said they were the brightest generation”
“They’re thinking about leaving government service. They’re thinking about taking jobs other places.”
“Thirty years of my life, if not all of it. I can’t go back.”
“This Town” needs an enema
“This building is dedicated to public service honoring the memory of Abraham Lincoln Democrat”
“This court has evolved to serve a very different role than when it began”
“This has been a gut punch to the morale of the Marine Corps”
“This heavy-handed business isn’t chilling, it’s just plain cold”
“This incident exposes the serious decline in our country’s morality”
“This incident illustrates, if nothing else, the endpoint of the social engineering of the West”
“This interesting fish has swum into our nets of its own accord”
“This is a little bit like gang warfare right now”
“This is a major defeat”
“This is an unprecedented mystery”
“This is going to be the issue that we fight about for the next ten years, at least, in the [LGBT] rights movement.”
“This is his economy and he’s pretending he’s just stumbled upon it”
“This is how the 1 percent does Disney”
“This is language that’s suitable for the Republican primary, plain and simple”
“This is not a pipe bomb buyback, this is a gun buyback”
“This is not anything new – it’s just now the shoe’s on the other foot”
“This is not something that’s going to gain me any parades”
“This is so rare, it is absolutely baffling”
“This is sort of going to be a mea culpa from the president”
“This is the dying gasp of a dead-end strategy. I think this fight is over.”
“This is the end of the presidency”
“This is the first time I’ve seen a snake bite like this”
“This is the lesson Snowden taught us”: NSA leaks revive push in Russia to control the Internet
“This is the moment when we talk about expanding Social Security”
“This is what makes liberals look like elitist bullies who think they know everything”
“This mea culpa’s not an honest one”
“This process ‘could take hours of time, and we could potentially reverse that’”
“This seems to be a very disengaged president. I’m not going to stop until we get an accounting.”
“This was a little shocking to me that I couldn’t remember by daughter playing youth soccer”
“This was the law. How can they change the law?”
“This will kill insurance companies”
“This year my heart really does not want to go back to the jihad”
“To be told we’re not listening by somebody who does not listen is disconcerting”
“To blame Hollywood liberalism — which does exist — is an excuse”
“To count a man of that talent out at this point in time in his administration would be a huge mistake”
“To hell with you if you do not believe in our election!”
“To me, it’s a sculpture about being lost. It’s about being displaced.”
“Toaster Pastry Gun Freedom Act” proposed in Maryland
“Total noise,” only louder
“Translation: Cruz shouldn’t expect any more help from the House”
“Trusted partners”: Feds swapping sensitive information with thousands of companies?
“Two years ago [it was] caring about Huma, and now it’s concern for Huma”
“Unbeknownst to the civilian, Mr. Snowden was able to capture the password”
“Under God” likely to remain in pledge despite latest challenge, attorney says
“Unless you plan on shooting people in civvy street, you’re not a lot of use to us”
“Wake up, go down to the beach, hang out with my friends, hit on some chicks, start drinking”
“Wake up, you little slut”
“We are allowing shysters to take advantage of the Republican Party”
“We are burying a dead body. That’s what we do.”
“We are from the Al-Nusra Front and have come to make lives miserable for the Crusaders”
“We are just saying … give us flexibility to make the cuts where they will do the least harm to our citizens”
“We are saving the lives of our enemies”
“We are seeing a dangerous mutation of the threat”
“We brought in cupcakes and sparkling wine and at the end, during the stretches, I made a wish”
“We built, we own it and it’s all ours”
“We can wait a year or two years. Our millions will not fly away. There will be a payback.”
“We cannot insist only on issues related to abortion, gay marriage and the use of contraceptive methods”
“We can’t go after the bully. But we can try and empower the children.”
“We can’t punish America. We don’t have the tools.”
“We couldn’t get over the success this podgy and humourless Leftie enjoys with gorgeous women”
“We did notice that some things that had been out for quite a while did suddenly come back”
“We did something right the wrong way”
“We don’t give up. We’re here for the long haul.”
“We don’t have 218 votes in the House for the big issues, so what else are we going to do?”
“We don’t snoop on customers”
“We feel like she’s reborn”
“We feel that to move them, we have to awaken the electoral vulnerability that Republicans face”
“We have absolutely nothing to show for it, other than a damaged brand”
“We have accused the protester of sexual violence and insulting a public official”
“We have an identity crisis, and you see the identity crisis playing out through all the various fissures”
“We have clear and convincing evidence that he’s involved in the production and distribution of I.E.D.’s”
“We have complete confidence that the president can handle all the responsibilities he has”
“We have to break through our kind of private idea that kids belong to their parents”
“We have to see if the Boy Wonder plays ball or not”
“We haven’t had a cohort of people living permanently in US without full rights of citizenship since slavery”
“We just both came to the conclusion that the time had ended to be taken in by these crazy people”
“We just want s–tloads of paper. We’re literally looking for folks to print out the entire Internet.”
“We know we have the upper hand on immigration”
“We love the American people. But we hate Obama and Patterson.”
“We made mistakes, but without malice”
“We made one mistake this time: Her name is Candy”
“We made one mistake… Her name is Candy.”
“We must keep that same humility… all our great leaders understood is at the core of true leadership”
“We need Ted Kennedy”
“We need the iPhone of guns”
“We need to believe in this government again!”
“We need to present the American people with a positive”
“We planned to use part of the money to pay for our child’s studies at school”
“We really cannot have her in the show, unfortunately”
“We want to see gun use eliminated”
“We were on a roller coaster, exciting and thrilling… But the ride ends.”
“We were told that you can be anything you want, and now here we are and you can’t find a job”
“We were wrong”: “60 Minutes” to apologize for erroneous Benghazi report
“We will create this fabric of connected devices”
“We witnessed signals that the other side is acting in good faith”
“We would call or send a letter and that dog owner would say: ‘Prove it’”
“Weiner has recently been telling pals that ‘when Hillary is president,’ he will get his revenge”
“We’ll never change the name. It’s simple. NEVER.”
“We’re all very disappointed”
“We’re buying insurance that we will never use and can’t possibly ever benefit from”
“We’re criticizing a belief system that turns someone into people who we wish they wouldn’t be”
“We’re determined to make 2014 the year that immigration reform is finally enacted”
“We’re evaluating why it is exactly that I didn’t know soon enough that it wasn’t going to work”
“We’re in deep doo doo”
“We’re in for a Coolidge revival”
“We’re never going to beat her on nitpicking smaller issues”
“We’re not all crazy rednecks”
“We’re not nearly as political as everyone thinks we are”
“We’re starting to look not so much like the world’s policeman, but more like George Zimmerman”
“We’re talking something with the power to raze whole blocks in an American city”
“We’re the ‘elephants in the closet’”
“We’re up to 122, and that list is growing”
“We’ve come to the realization that it’s not going to be enough to be against the president”
“We’ve decided that they aren’t appropriate for our historic cemetery”
“We’ve given the vehicles senses”
“We’ve got no time for excuses”
“We’ve made probably dozens of changes to the story to make it more precise”
“We’ve reached the end of antibiotics”
“What I did see at CPAC was the rise of the libertarian strand of Republicanism”
“What I do believe is Texas is going to be a Democrat state within 10 years if we don’t change”
“What Karl Rove and some of the establishment groups only care about is the brand”
“What are they saying? Everything with a hole in it is a vagina?”
“What could you achieve by having an emotional connection to a sophisticated, AI-like thing?”
“What did you expect me to do…? Did you want me to wear my Romney sweatshirt?”
“What don’t you get about me not talking to you?”
“What it says, is he only goes on shows of people that go easy on him”
“What the heck are you talking about?”
“What they are doing is making themselves dysfunctional by taking all this data”
“Whataboutism”: How to justify Russian aggression
“What’s a boy’s 16th birthday party without strippers and lap dances?”
“When I am out of office, I am going to destroy your f–king industry”
“When I came back from my first session, I can remember saying, ‘He’s the pick of the litter’”
“When I heard Liz Cheney was running for Senate I wondered if she was running in her home state of Virginia”
“When I look at these cases, I’m not really sure there’s one vote to start with on the side of the government”
“When I read the New Testament, and when I read about Jesus, he wasn’t really involved in the war of his days”
“When did we become this Weekend At Bernie’s government?”
“When he was born, nothing like this was a possibility”
“When it comes to the I.R.S., we’re all Tea Partyers”
“When people ask me why I moved from liberal to conservative, I have a one-word answer: Detroit”
“When she went missing, I could never bring myself to get rid of the Chevy”
“While Snowden recently stated not even torture could succeed, he can easily be drugged”
“Who cares? Are you making us laugh or not?”
“Who’s the leader of the Democratic Party right now?”
“Why aren’t there more Democrats jumping on this?”
“Why can’t our allies fill the vacuum?”
“Why do these Whiteskins on twitter get so angry when someone challenges them on their cont. use of Redskins slur?”
“Why do we live in a universe that’s just on the edge of stability?”
“Widespread dismay” among Democrats over Obama’s amateurishness lately
“With cockroaches, you can invest 20 yuan and get back 150 yuan”
“Within the next month, I’ll decide if I want to continue it or not”
“You called Paul Ryan a sellout!”
“You can also consider reducing your 2014 income by working just a bit less”
“You can drink wine without being inebriated!”
“You can help yourself and certainly buy time for the police to get there”
“You can sort of hear the polygraph machines warming up”
“You can’t eat sharia”
“You can’t just vote your vagina”
“You can’t really address the problem of military sexual trauma until you include the 56 percent of the victims — the men”
“You don’t want to put up with the circus”
“You don’t want to ruin a kid’s life for having a joint”
“You fear for your family”: Hezbollah pays price for supporting Assad in Syria
“You get hired to do a job. Do your job!”
“You have a smart car; you got a smartphone; well, now we have a smart rifle”
“You have to find this man guilty”
“You know what a lot of them say to me? I think we need Mitt back.”
“You know what? They built that company too! And we should have had them on that stage.”
“You left the Egyptians. You turned your back on the Egyptians, and they won’t forget that.”
“You let them die!”
“You pay a million dollars in taxes, you should get a million votes. How’s that?”
“You pull away the gun from the face of the Iranian nation, and I myself will enter the talks with you”
“You really wonder if Democrats would win elections if we had an honest media”
“You seem like so much fun and if everything works out, I’d love to go with you”
“You understand that if you become a Muslim your unit is going to look at you differently”
“You want to keep paying taxes for babies that are born to crackheads?”
“You worry about what people are carrying. In Israel we worry about who the people are.”
“Your child is, in my opinion, moderately obese and should not be consuming sugar”
“You’re in conflict with the world that I want which is a world where all your churches burn”
“You’re lucky you’re so close and you’re not dead”
“You’re not going to get a big crowd at the Syria working group”
“Zero Dark Thirty” leak probe now targeting … leak investigators
“Zero Dark Thirty” not so popular in Pakistan
“Zimmer’s comments Saturday and Sunday are a change from what she told CNN on January 11″
“[A]fter ticking off its planks, he was left with one digit extended awkwardly in the air”
“[A]ny black person who says something that is not the prescribed things that they expect from a black person will be picked apart”
“[A]re we compromising our principles? No, we’re actually advancing our principles”
“[C]ultured beef has the answers to major problems that the world faces”
“[D]o me a solid and cut Kenneth Bae loose”
“[E]very time he opens his mouth, he always says something f***ing nuts”
“[F]or some people who have stuff they’d like to guard, a pit bull is great but a gator is even better”
“[G]etting stoned all the time is not the greatest way to spend your time”
“[H]e is used by a prop by his insider Washington pals to attack conservatives”
“[H]e often appeared impatient or disengaged while listening…, sometimes scrolling through messages on his BlackBerry”
“[H]e said he would be my spiritual father and he would baptise my baby”
“[H]e was angry that the world pictures Islam as a violent religion”
“[H]e wouldn’t say yes or no, but it was quite clear to me. I have no doubt about it.”
“[H]is campaign wasn’t the best, but he would have been a really fine president”
“[I]f I ever decide to run for anything again and being me isn’t good enough, then fine, I’ll go home”
“[I]f he had not committed this offence he would not have placed himself in this position”
“[I]f he thinks that picture is too rah-rah America, he should move someplace better”
“[I]f those tie back to the governor in any way, it clearly becomes an impeachable offense”
“[I]f you didn’t have the willpower to stop eating carbs, you won’t have the willpower to do a dissertation”
“[I]t is irresponsible to have large families in this day and age”
“[I]t would have been nice if he had maybe checked in with us and gotten information”
“[I]t’s the right size, it’s the right shape, and it’s in the right place”
“[It] demonstrated the complete unfamiliarity of both men with the American military culture”
“[L]iberals don’t want diversity in thought, and that’s what the Republicans now have”
“[M]y sense of being grossed out was balanced by my scientific curiosity”
“[O]ne of the most mystifyingly stupid misadventures in recent congressional history”
“[O]ur society suffers from an alarming degree of public ignorance”
“[P]atience with him is short… That’s why you are seeing that nasty, feeding frenzy-type questioning”
“[P]eople can say what they like, but a street party? I thought that was a bit much”
“[People will] see the other side of Ariel Castro”
“[Republicans] know he is a nonpartisan president”
“[S]enators can cause you to run out the clock. But what is he trying to gain at this point”
“[S]he, from the very beginning, said, ‘I’d like to get something out of this’”
“[S]ome in the West Wing privately tell associates they wish [Holder] would step down”
“[T]hat’s part of his shtick back home politically as wanting to look like the tough guy”
“[T]hat’s really something that Detroit is going to have to work out with its creditors”
“[T]he New York media world had a field day with my name and that’s part of the game”
“[T]he court had given opponents of access to abortion a target to aim at relentlessly”
“[T]he factions in Egypt are united only in their contempt for Washington”
“[T]he mandate is almost worthless because the word is getting around that they can’t really collect it”
“[T]he offensiveness of a word cannot be judged by its intended meaning, but by how it is received”
“[T]he only time I hear them talking about it is when they want to stick it to the black community”
“[T]he only way to get Hillary to do an event is to either write her a big check or to give her a trophy”
“[T]he rise of the internet media and social media and all that stuff – he hates it”
“[T]heir biggest nightmare was his column every week”
“[T]here are some stories which do not have two sides. The climate change debate is one of them.”
“[T]here does seem to be an imbalance in the power relationship between capital and labor”
“[T]here was no doubt in my mind where that money was going to go, it was going to go to charity”
“[T]here’s eventually going to be an implosion — or a big meltdown”
“[T]here’s got to be some pushback on these guys who think they came here with all the solutions”
“[T]hey will give Obama a chance to go down in history as the great emancipator of Latino immigrants”
“[T]his family literally found the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow”
“[T]his is like having a really good product in the store and the cash registers don’t work”
“[T]o deface this is just a senseless act of vandalism”
“[This is about] a constant need for a supply of bad guys and controversies”
“[W]e celebrate her passing from this earth”
“[W]e could be looking at the collapse of American liberalism”
“[W]e don’t want Geneva 2013 to turn into Munich 1938″
“[W]e’re not going to be happy, but most of the tea party people, we fought the good fight”
“[W]hat you’re doing is reducing the 47 percent by 10 to 15 points and giving Republicans a chance”
“[W]hen you were the Speaker of the House [you] didn’t want to hear these matters”
“[W]henever these bills come up you basically live in fear your boss will say something stupid and offensive”
“[W]hile I can’t hide my atheism, I don’t really want to advertise it”
“[Y]ou have to change the subject by accomplishing things”
“[Y]ou look at these other qualities and ask, do you really want that in your president?”
“‘There were places we could never go. There were locks on the basement. Locks on the attic.”
“‘This rental business isn’t bad, especially during the Chinese Lunar New Year”
“‘You keep your plan,’ you pay a price”
”There’s nothing left they have to throw at him…..What are they going to do: hold him in contempt?”
”To your question, very caring of you to ask. She’s 100%.”