"Accepting Mediocrity" by George Costanza
"Can someone here fix the redeye in my pic?"
"Girls don't like guys who complain about exs" [FB]
"Here, look how fast my heart is racing."
"Honey! I got that stock photo shoot job!" "Great! What will you be in?" "Something business related I think."
"I do not have any money so am sending you this drawing I did of a spider instead. "
"I have read your website and it is obviously that your a foggot."
"Sir, do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior, Cthulu?"
"That apple looks marvelous, darling."
"The rules are simple: I put the self-timer on 2 seconds, push the button and try to get as far from the camera as I can."
"There's no rules!"
"Unidentified source"
$211,223.04 in cash The Oatmeal raised for charity!
'Merican Vets ain't scared
*Too
...I accept nothing.
...and that was the last time I wore a puffy vest to the bar.
...and that's the last I saw of my right shoe.
...one thing led to another
...this is why my girlfriend doesn't try to talk to me about dogs anymore. :(
..awkward
13 year old said he wanted a "generic birthday". This is what his dad put together.
14 out of 14 people found this review helpful (PIC)
1st world problems...
20 Years of Shame
2nd Graders homework. My friend's (awesome) 6 yr old son is autistic and takes instructions literally.
3 words, Japanese. Binocular. Soccer
3 years ago I unknowingly bought a 2 person child's tent thinking it was adult sized...and i still took it to the festival
6 hours into my first Mexican wedding. I think I've gained their trust. They think I'm Dominican.
8 things the Marines aren't telling the Navy.
94 year old man down the street handed my dad his business card this morning
A Praguematic approach to business
A bathroom sign at work which cheers me up.
A brief history of The History Channel
A bully called my friends and I "The fruit basket." We were inspired. Here are our uniforms for our school's dodgeball tournament.
A bus cut me off while I was driving home from work today. Then this happened.
A bus driver with a sense of humour? Rail replacement bus service in Glasgow.
A friend and I took care of a graffitied swastika in our town the only way we knew how.
A friend just finished printing his research manuscript. He acknowledged us so well.
A friend of mine has a motion camera in his backyard. Also, a plastic deer for bow target practice. He found this on the cameras a while back.
A friend of mine went in for a school photo, and it focused in on his shirt.
A friend of mine won a Dwight Schrute look-alike contest a while back.
A friend of mine works at a hotel, they received this survey
A friend was taking a photo as a train went past and someone decided to get in on the action
A friend's dad learned how to take selfies and sent this to her. He's 65.
A guy right outside my office. He isn't aware the reflective glass is see-through from our side...
A heartwarming story from my childhood.
A local burger joint finally got debit.
A local restaurant paid me $100 dollars to make a commercial. The entire budget went into the robot costume. Here it is
A message to all the students about to go on summer break.
A message we can all take to heart
A milestone in comedy.
A pretty accurate description of Local News
A pretty true sign in my local tattoo shop.
A re-adaptation we can all live with
A religious group's pamphlet. They got the texts mixed up so it looks like Jesus doesn't have time for you.
A reporter was having her wedding when the quake hit Sichuan today. She went to work immediately.
A sentence i thought i would never read in my life
A serious issue.
A third grader's honest response
A very important question..
A wasted goodwill trip, until...
A while back, we tried to take family photos at the beach. The results were...........unexpected.
A wish for Olympic opening &amp; closing ceremonies
ABC editorial producer tries to get an interview with a parent near the school shooting in Connecticut, via Twitter. Gets a well-deserved response.
ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOPHONE
About those cute parenting pictures...
About to watch some porn when an annoying live cam popup comes along. Aaaaand she's painting.
Adult picture
Advertisements for my local Science Museum
Advertising at its finest!
After 8 years traveling back and forth from the U.S. and Brazil, I couldn't stop laughing at this SNL joke
After hearing Jenny McCarthy is threatening to sue anyone who says she is pro-vaccines...
After hearing about how the Oscar selfie was a preplanned ad by Samsung
After moving in to an apartment. I think I know exactly what my neighbor looks like.
After searching FB for people with the same name as me, I'd replicate their profile pic, make it my own and send them a friend request. Here are the pics
After the bathroom door jammed and wouldn't unlock in Sochi, American bobsledder Johnny Quinn had to break down the door
Ahh did you see that mouse?!
Ahh the things you find working in a bakery
Alcohockey - the Canadian variation of beer pong.
Alfred really does not get the recognition he deserves.
Alice and Dorothy bonding
All I could think of when I saw the picture of Lysefjorden, Norway
All of these Christmas tree posts remind me of one of my personal favorites...
All this technology is making us antisocial
Almost had a heart attack this morning at work
Already tall (7ft or more) friend accidentally takes optical illusion photo
Always good to have humor in dire situations...
Always thought this blanket was stupid until my girlfriend's dog laid down in just the right spot
Always try to be an optimist, like this goose here.
An Alec Baldwin run-in with paparazzi told in 3 pictures
An ad on a passing bus made me jump in my seat
An argument for the Oxford comma in today's news.
An expert in Koala Bears
An honest Target slogan
Ancient Aliens guy
And in other news...
And that's why it takes 3 hours and $150 to change your headlight fluid
And then there's this pig.
Anderson Cooper is never too busy to dish out a good burn
Another brilliant PBS ad.
Apollo 10's little known incident
Apologies if you've already seen a lizard balancing berries on its head today.
Apparently the Spanish version of signs have to have a moustache
Apparently this just went to live TV in SF. Anchor read it with conviction.
Apparently, Space Jam is still the shit in Ecuador.
April O'Neil Cosplay
Arnold Schwarzenegger just posted this on Facebook
Arnold Schwarzenegger just posted this on facebook
As a 6'2" girl, this is my biggest rage.
As a man never have I ever been so eager to get my cleaning done
As a teacher doing the mandatory fire safety training during orientation, this crept up into my head during the lecture.
As if being deployed for Valentines Day isn't bad enough... Thanks Donovan
As much as I hate to say it, pretty damn accurate 4chan...
As punishment a daughter wears her dad's face to school
As someone struggling to find a job, this is what I see whenever I look at my college diploma
Asian People Problems
Asked an employee to bring in a photocopy of their passport...
Asked my friend to send me a pair of boots that I left at his house when I moved out of state. Just received the box today.
Asked my husband to do laundry...
At Disneyland, this is the exact point where miracles happen...
At Taco Bell today...
At The Last Minute My Son Told Me It Was Crazy Hat Day At School
Attack of the killer game fish.
Awesome hockey skills
Awkward
Aww, there's a girl proposing to a guy in the bathroom!
Babe caught me slippin'.
Back to the Future - Makeup aging them 30 years vs. actually aging 30 years
Back when chatroulette wasn't as creepy as it is now, I found my twin while chatting.
Background actors that know exactly what they're doing
Bad Situation... (fb)
Bad morning?
Bad robber, bad
Balanced an egg on its end. Daughter was really impressed
Baldwin of Justice slams down yet another criminal
Barren Field O' Fucks
Baseball &gt; child
Baseball game streaker level: greenman
Bear attempts to take on a cat
Because it compliments the decor
Before my dad passed away in 2012, he enjoyed brining people to our basement just to tell them to duck
Behold! The majestic stone guardians of the canadian parliament
Being handicapped in Cabo San Lucas is apparently an extreme sport. (FB friend's vacation pic)
Being mormon, I can't look at porn or nudity. So I have to get creative.
Best absence note ever. For 5th grader Tyler Sullivan of Rochester, whose dad Ryan introduced Obama at Honeywell.
Best business card ever.
Best part of the Clinton/Colbert interview!
Best technique ever existed
Best way to deal with a dent
Better than any Super Bowl ad. Old Spice: The Man Your Man Could Smell Like.
Big respect for all the single dads and dads who choose adoption today!
Bill Gates is always the life of the party
Bill Gates just updated his AMA with this picture..
Bizzaro does it again.
Blackberry cures blind man!
Blue screen of death.
Break Room Logic.
Brilliant.
Bronco fans give up and give in to porn mid-game
Buff Kangaroo strikes a pose
But If We Started Dating It Would Ruin Our Friendship Where I Ask You To Do Things And You Do Them
But it was worth it...
CNN and their Brilliant Ideas [FIXED]
COME AT ME BRO
CSI: Modern computer technology at its best.
Cafeteria ninja
Call DMX. Tell him I found where it's at.
Called my ISP last night...
Came across this cartoon in a teaching book. So true.
Came into work today to find this on the printer.
Canada VS USA hockey game tomorrow. This is a billboard in Chicago.
Canada had a rough childhood [x-post from /r/polandball]
Canada has a serious epidemic.
Cant SQL now because Revolution
Capitalism
Car stereo I wanted 10 years ago v.s. the one I want today
Cards Against Humanity is really going all out with their Black Friday sale!
Cartoon artist Jeroom never lets me down
Cartoon logic compilation
Cat loses its mind while watching twirly toy
Cat sends urgent fax
Caught this sly little bastard tying his coworker's apron to her chair
Celebrity Stunt Doubles
Central Line to Jurassic Park
Chapelle's Show predicts the future!
Check out the dude in the background getting a man-beard petting.
Chicago news needs a fresh start on their browser history...
Choose your own adventure!
Chris Hadfield was recently crowned King of Space in Kazakhstan
Christmas Genius
Christmas trees for people who hate Christmas
Christopher Lloyd next to a DeLorean wearing Google Glass and playing Marty McFly's Gibson (from CES yesterday)
Classic Buster Keaton.
Cleanest flat top fade you will ever see from a ginger
Clever advertisement for a Zoo.
Close enough
Colbert on U.S. relations with the rest of the world
Colorado governor on marijuana legalization
Comedian Kurt Braunohler hired a sky writer to do this over LA
Coming this Spring - Men Who Stand Like This
Conan telling it how it is.
Concentrated &amp; Serious
Congratulations!
Congratulations, Detroit!
Cops pull over and ticket 26 bicyclists at once for running a stop sign.
Cosby on entitlement
Cosplay Brings South Park's Most Famous Nerd To Life. "Make Love, Not Warcraft".
Coworker asked me if I was Chinese, and if I could help decipher the symbols..
Critical thinking by a 4th grader
DIY low profile tires.
Dachshunds can’t wait to take a bath
Dad jokes don't take vacation days
Dad set up a beer &amp; wing station for parents
Dads of Reddit this is how you make your daughter a quick ponytail
Damn moose eating my pumpkin
Damn you, George Harrison!!
Daredevil Halloween Candy Heist- caught red-handed
Deal with it
Dear god call an exorcist!
Debating the UK 'porn law' can sully your name
Decided to venture into the local Kmart. Wasn't expecting to step back in time.
Dedication page of 'introduction to algebraic topology'
Defeated by finals week, this kid was on the baseball field at 2:30am making crop circles
Definition... done right!
Demonic Colonel Sanders
Deprived cat loves the sun.
Dick move.
Did a double take in the bathroom stall this morning. My name happens to be Matt.
Did... Did you print out a headlight?
Difference between Science and Screwing around
Different perspectives
Disney- Where dreams come true!
Ditched Time Warner Cable for Google Fiber. Got an email asking me to come back, so I sent them this picture.
Dog attacks TV for baseball
Dog with frisbee lips
Dogs imitate crawling baby
Don't break ranks
Don't tell me how to live my life!
Dory speaking whale
Double take.
Dove rap is da shiz
Dramatic meal
Drove like that for about 2 miles so that car couldn't pass him
Drunk. Got the dominos guy to buy me McDonalds in the special instructions section
Ed O'Neill has been reading about himself reading the same newspaper for 20 years.
Elderly Couple Doesn't See Bear On Their Front Porch
Ellen DeGeneres gets a good look at Katy Perry during the Grammy Awards
Emma Stone is by far the best sister ever.
Emotional Scars
En route to the airport on Christmas day. Sometimes you just gotta make do when you only have a motorcycle.
Epic cake maneuver!
Equally important
Every day, my dog runs a lap around my house when I get home.
Every exam...
Every gym owner on January first
Every morning of my life
Every year my dad gets us odd religous candles around the holidays. This year he really outdid himself.
Every year my friend does a 'silly picture while on a roller coaster'. This year was by far his best.
Everybody must get stoned.
Everyday, this kid has a new hand-drawn comic on his lunch bag. This is my favorite.
Everyone likes a good bread pun
Eye Contact Level = EXPERT
Facebook should just replace their Android app with this picture - it would be smaller and nobody would notice a thing
Faceswap
Father has created a series of illustrations based on things he’s said to his kids.
Father's day
Felix Baumgartner: First human to travel faster than the speed of light, according to MSNBC
Fellowship of the Lamp...
Finally got a good picture of my dog shitting.
Finally made myself a fancy Facebook cover.
Finally somebody got it.
Finally! It's here.
Finally... a way to carry my iPad around while drinking a coffee and not look like a douche [pic]
Firefighters with a sense of humour
First escalator in Uzbekistan
First guy to buy legal, non-medical marijuana in Colorado
Flat tire in Alaska
Fly traps
For April Fools Day, I think Facebook should switch the status update box and the search box, so people are constantly posting updates on the people they're stalking.
For Your Consideration: The Bath Towel Poncho
For a moment, I couldn't figure out how to leave the bathroom.
For a while now, I am collecting most gifs I found amusing or useful. There are around 700. Use it wisely
For free.
For guys in long-distance relationships, I present: The Girlfriend Simulator
For school, I was assigned to make the worst floor plan for a house possible. I got an A.
For the women who are anal about how their hair looks.
For those with Reddit Enhancement Suite
Former Australian Prime Minister George Reid, who was quite overweight, was once heckled by someone asking what he would call the "baby". This was his response...
Found Nicolas Cage in a Mexican history textbook
Found a coupon from the 80s. Reddi-Wip knew how to party back then.
Found a raccoon in this exact position
Found at my Catholic school
Found at my local YMCA. Some anonymous donor paid at least $10,000 for this privilege.
Found at my parents. Should I laugh or cry? [OC]
Found in a box of elementary school projects
Found in my school's physics building:
Found my loud neighbors wireless speakers on my iPhone...it's like Christmas morning
Found on the flash-drive attached to someones lost keys. [x-post from r/WhatsInThisThing]
Found this in a speakeasy men's room in KC.
Found this in an Aussie pub.
Found this in my grandfather's basement after he passed away...would have loved to hear this story!
Found this in my last visit to China.
Found this lil guy on my way to school. He looked very happy!
Free outdoor gym
Friend accidentally bought these folding chairs online for his NYE party. Only 5 for $8!
Friend asked for something relates to Christmas on his coffee and got this nightmare
Friend just posted this on Facebook. Every wheelchair basketballer's worst nightmare.
Friend posted this (full in comments): "I'll never forget the time that my mom installed this lock in one of her bathroom drawers when I was a kid..."
From my town's local newspaper...
Fuck it, I guess this is my life now
Fuck reincarnation
Fuck the police
Fuck this shit, I quit!
Fuck you, Im Batman.
Fuckin Flynn
Fucking Susan..
Fucking brilliant
Fucking white people
Funniest one of these I have seen.
GI Jose [x-post from r/awesome]
Gave this to my mom in 1990...she decided to cash it in today. ALWAYS include an expiration date.
Genius S.W.A.T team
German Newspapers Take on Amazon Air Prime - NSFW
Getting Ready for the Scene
Ghost copter
Giant googley eyes. The best drunk online purchase I have made yet.
Girl surprises boyfriend with marriage proposal; he looks pumped!
Go ahead... You can make it
God damn it, Norman!
Goddammit Jesus
Goddammit Mr.Noodle!
Good Guy Louis CK -- I just got this email from him due to the Frankenstorm.
Good advice
Good game, good game, fuck you, good game.
Good guy reporter
Good job bringing home the turkey, Dad!
Good name for a beer.
Good on you Jim.
Google 2012
Google chrome probs
Gordan Ramsay is MAD!
Got banned from /r/TheStopGirl for posting this :(
Got quoted by a newspaper in Washington DC today, for an AskReddit answer of mine
Graffiti that combines with its environment
Grandma bought me a new coffee mug for work. "You know, because it looks like poop and I know you think that's funny."
Great life advice
Grover (from Sesame Street) spoofs the Old Spice Guy
Guess which supreme leader likes my YouTube channel?
Guitar Lessons
Gymnastics... Like a boss (x-post /r/gifs)
Had a girl over for the first time in the new place. It begins...
Had a party and a random drunk guy slept on our couch. He left us this note
Haha.....oh.
Hands down the best stencil art I've seen out here in Afghanistan
Happens to the best of us
Hard to believe that for one second, The X-Files was more realistic than CSI.
Hate Mimes
Having a cone collar fitted at the vet was bad enough, then my dog had to come home to the cat.
Hawk must have gotten that bunny
He spilled his drink everywhere, waitress returned with this!
He was due for a promotion.
He's determined to take all those groceries in one trip...like really determined.
Help me break this thing, bro.
Here is a tall cat vs. a pile of cat
Hey Reddit, what do you think of my new pants?
Hey reddit! Our entire campus just got shut down because a "gunman" was on campus. Turns out, it was just my friend with a monopod shooting a web series. Does a monopod look like an AK-47? Because the cop pointing a gun at him sure thought so.
Hey, Shitty_Watercolor made it to CNN!
Hi Reddit. This is a picture of my sister and I as a Princess and Knight riding "horses" halloween '93.
Hi, Reddit! A few months ago you asked me to draw more animated NYC tips for newcomers. Here is SERIES 2. (also... how my life changed thanks to Reddit)
Hi, Reddit! After living in NYC for 4 years, I decided to start drawing an animated guide for newcomers to the city. Here is the first series.
Hilarious. The Top 20 of 5 Second Films (NSFW Language)
Historian problems...
Hit the gas!
Hitler finally loses his patience with reddit memes
Homework: "Draw your favorite part of the mass." This is what my son draws....
Hong Kong needs to install a popup blocker.
How I feel today trying to follow the Higgs boson stuff.
How I get by with working only 15% of the time I'm at work.
How I got banned from /r/amiugly and /r/amisexy
How I imagine the South once Amazon PrimeAir starts shipping.
How I know my dog has done something bad.
How I picture most /r/WTF viewers
How I picture reddit meetups
How I pictured Louis C.K. during his AmA.
How Leonardo DiCaprio deals with not having won an Oscar.
How London deals with ghosts
How can I get this man's job?
How college is like
How dads shop in Hollister
How do reindeer fly?
How else would you get rid of your snow?
How grapes are made.
How our pay-what-you-want holiday pack did, and how we spent the money [INFOGRAPHIC]
How the University of Minnesota golden gophers distract opposing kickers
How times have changed...
How to Seize a Moment
How to Take Selfies with a Bald Eagle - FIXED
How to be a parent...
How to clear snow off a roof
How to cut a pizza
How to improve Olympic opening and closing ceremonies
How to make a cute dress out of shorts
How to pass time on the train
How to report the News
How to tell if your dog is involved in a sex scandal (SFW)
How to tell with Google Maps where the rich people live.
How you can tell who has been feeding the dogs under the table.
Humans are watching. Act Natural.
Hungry... But opening mouth is too much work.
I HAVE AWOKEN
I actually read the "Terms and Conditions" on The Chive, and found this.
I admire the level of commitment that was put into this
I always thought the plant signs were mocking my plants so I made a comic about it.
I always try to slip one of these to our waitress when going out to eat with the in-laws
I am definitely stealing these party rules
I asked the lotto what is the minimum winning amount needed to get your picture taken
I believe I may have angered the Hulu.
I believe the word you're looking for is "aquarium"
I bring you Colonel Meow!
I can't decide if this kid wins most creative or least creative sign.
I can't describe how terrifying it is to see this sign after you've spent 18 exhausting hours driving through America to get to the Canadian border. What a cruel trick.
I caught the construction crew playing tetris
I coached a summer basketball camp where we had a Free Dress Day, one kid clearly took full advantage of it...
I convinced my room mate that she should charge her flash drive so it wouldn't die during her presentation
I could really use some of this wrapping paper
I dare you to hit someone with all three of these in one day
I don't know how people from other countries keep their beers cold, but uh.. here in Canada....
I don't know how to sober.
I don't remember ordering anything. Do you remember ordering anything?
I don't think the other kids took fancy dress as seriously as I did.
I don't understand how this happens every time...
I dont see why my sister even brings her friends over...
I dont think they thought this through
I drew "a ____ on the box" for over 700 people. Here's 100 of them. (x-post /r/drawing)
I drew a coffee filter that shares my struggles with coffee.
I fear a late night project will be announced at work today..
I found this taped under my desk...Arnold just won't change his ways
I fucked this up, didn't I?
I googled 'Canada GIF'
I googled pictures of "Polar Vortex"... I got a polar bear plunge, and some guy getting the shot of his life.
I got a kick out of my friends dad making fun of him on Facebook
I got banned from a website for distorting time with my mouse. [Pic]
I got my Dad a pair of skis for Christmas, to scare and confuse him I wrapped them like this...
I got my daughter a pony for Christmas!
I gotta pay fines and stuff
I guess I'll never get math
I guess that settles that argument
I guess they haven't unlocked this character yet...
I guess when I was younger I was a gay baseball player
I had to make an advertisement for my photoshop class. I hope reddit enjoys!
I hate my job...
I have seen many 'Soon' pictures, but this has to be the ultimate 'Soon' gif.
I hear Reddit hates online courses
I knew I recognised this from somewhere...
I knew laughing gas guy reminded me of someone...
I know Reddit loves cats, but this made me laugh.
I know it's not about cats, but the Oatmeal strikes again.
I leave my boyfriend at home alone with the cat for one day and come home to this...
I let my dogs out for a few minutes, and open my door to see this.
I like to make sure people are confused when they wake up in my apartment. (thats the encyclopedia of physics)
I live in the same valley as Adam West. I decided to look him up in the phone book today.
I love drunk people
I made a twitter account where all I do is respond to tweets that have the word "Universe" in them
I made an Obama poster and wanted to share it with you reddit
I maintain that any canine can be won over by a good butt scratch
I mean, whatever's comfortable...
I paid off my student loans yesterday! Here I am out celebrating [FIXED]
I participated in one of the biggest Magic: the Gathering tournaments of all time this weekend. In an effort to document it, I posed for pictures near people with exposed asscracks. I present to you Grand Prix Richmond Crackstyle.
I put a Halloween mask on my dog.
I recently learned how to crosspoint, so I decided to make a present for my boyfriend.
I recently transferred to a private university and some of the students here remind me of Amy from Futurama.
I sat down. Come on.
I saw a passenger knitting and asked if she could knit me a hat.
I secretly added a minor detail to my colleague's desktop picture. Me.
I see why the mustache was added.
I see your whiteboard drawings and raise you "Freezer Friday"
I should be able to print whatever the hell I want.
I should be there in 15 minutes...no wait...
I should have invested in a unicycle instead of snow tires...
I showed my dad an Advice Animal, and he said he knew the guy from high school. [FIXED]
I started chatting with a local police officer today, and asked him what I could do to let my parents know I was having a good time at my first day of college. He suggested taking this photo.
I submit proof that Toronto is the Hipster Capital of the Universe
I think I have lurked long enough
I think my city just got a new gang
I think my cousin has an indoor dog.
I think there's something my neighbors aren't telling me
I think they meant chupacabra..
I think this ebay seller is a redditor..
I think we're jumping to conclusions here..
I tricked my college Speech 101 class into thinking I had a mexican accent for 4 months.
I tried to figure out what Brain's subliminal message said. Well played.
I tutor at an elementary school and one of the kids had this
I used to love this as a kid
I used to work in a music store, many many years ago. This does remind me of all the people humming and hoping you would know what they meant.
I wanna go where that's going
I was browsing for directions on google maps when suddenly...
I was like, 'woah, taco-flavored yogurt'...
I was looking through my old sketchbooks, and thought this one was kinda morbidly funny.
I was quoted yesterday in the New York Times sports section for my in-depth analysis on Ben Roethlisberger
I was recently selected as an OKCupid moderator. Here's a picture that was reported.
I was walking through Best Buy today and saw this
I was walking through London and I came across this bench.
I was watching The Avengers on my laptop at the airport...this was happening behind me.
I wasn't sure if my package was under 16 oz for mailbox use. No scales at home, I improvised.
I went to drop my daughter off at a friend's house and this kid was just standing in the driveway.
I wish this was my life.. (fb)
I won't have my daughter bringing a black man into this house...
I wonder how many times that mistake was made
I work at a zoo, and today a 500lb tortoise tried to escape.
I work in a mall that started playing Christmas music on Nov. 1st. The lady who runs the cookie place made this in protest.
I'll take that
I'm a BCT Drill Sergeant. I told my soldiers to write me a paragraph or two about why they joined the Army. I got this in my stack of papers. Really, private?
I'm a plumber and recently bought a new inspection camera. My friend jokingly asked if it could peek under doors...
I'm a therapist who works with people with dementia. I just noticed this typo in a handout I've been giving to families for at least three years. Oh my God.
I'm bad at titles, but I noticed this on the bottom of my beer can.
I'm beginning to think our hotel in Cambodia was a little dishonest on their flyer about the amenities
I'm done.
I'm getting real tired of your shit, door.
I'm getting too old for this shit
I'm just gonna jog across the street while the light OOOOOHHHHH SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTT!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm not saying they won't do this
I'm pretty sure those are called Pictionary and Scrabble.
I'm so glad that car didn't hit me. My day can only get better.
I'm sorry pinata bro
I'm the girl who won $20 for drawing a penis with my nike running app yesterday. Here's the vagina I promised.
I've been overseas for two months. I came back yesterday and discovered that my house-mates have 'renovated' my bedroom...
I've been using this as my profile picture for my University's student portal for 3 years. Finally had a professor call me out on it today.
I've been waiting years for this typo to appear.
I've got to believe this headline was intentional
I've worked for the post office for two years. This is a first.
If I had one hour to live...
If I knew this was possible, I'd have taken school more seriously
If I win tonight's MegaMillion's jackpot...
If The Purge ever becomes real, I'm posting with my old navy family.
If people ever went through my internet search history...
If this isn't their next album cover, they're doing it wrong...
If you ever feel bad about yourself.
If you know what I mean
If you live to be 100
If you want...
Ikea Monkey Explanation
In 2035....
In 5th grade we had to write letters to our 20 year old selves. I'm so glad my mom saved this.
In Singapore and found this sign at the beach
In response to Google not "allowing" porn on Google Glass...
In response to Red Bull Stratos, Slim Jim has sponsored the shortest freefall of all time (x-post from r/gifs)
In response to Women Struggling to Drink Water
In response to a particularly stupid question, my professor ripped off his shirt in the middle of lecture
Incredible picture of a soul leaving the body
Interception!!! [GIF]
Is it Friday yet? Co-workers car is rear-ended in parking lot; Moron driver takes off without their license plate.
Is it a present or a request?
It reminds me of when Sonic hits spikes.
It snowed 2 inches today, and I am the only person in the office. This is now the underside of my coworker's mouse...
It took him a second to realize
It was -10F this morning. The weatherman tried to make us feel better by putting the temperatures in Kelvin.
It's a dead give away.
It's all a matter of perspective.
It's going to be a rough 24hrs for both of us
It's good to see that not everyone from the South is intolerant (Greenville, SC)
It's my boyfriend's birthday today. This is card he received from his work colleagues...
It's really slow at work.
It's so much better than the cone of shame
It's the small things in life.
JUST FOUND: The lost son of Ryan Gosling and Steve Carell
Jackpot at work is growing
James' face
Jaws
Jedi Master Carlos Boozer
Jeremy Clarkson as a young girl
Jerk Chicken
Jessica Biel's onto us
Jim Carrey is an inspiration
Jim Gaffigan near perfectly predicts the future of food.
Jonathan Coulton on Megaupload being shut down
Jumping Llama
Just Bond being Bond
Just a Scottish protestor applying balloon static to Donald Trump’s hairpiece!
Just a complaint from the current issue of Popular Science. Yeah... Popular. Science.
Just a seal........ that ran into the glass
Just act like nothing happpened...
Just caught the end of the Women's Nap Time event.
Just had a heart attack at work. Who does this!?
Just like your mother last night, Trebek.
Just my mom hanging out with some friends she made in London.
Just noticed this inside the zipper of my new pants
Just some kids fooling around...
Just what I have been looking for!
Just when I thought work couldn't get more ridiculous... I had to walk through an inflatable cancerous asshole to get into the building today.
Juuuuust passing through.
KFC Don't Play
Keeping guns out of schools
Kenyan Senator Mike Sonko posts on his Facebook about the time he met Mandela. Hmm...
Kids playing with a water hose during coast guard demonstration.
Kim-Jong Un Graffiti found in Ireland
Kind of puts things in perspective...
King Butthole.
King Of The Hill nailed this week's weather forecast
Kulula Airlines Doesn't take themselves very seriously....
Kung-Fu kitty
LEEEEROOOOOYYYYY MMJENNNKINS!
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING ABOUT RECREATING A PIC BROTHER!!!!!
Lanyard caught on the handle and my keys swung inside the door as I closed it. Stupidest way to lock yourself out?
Last night I dug up my early Simpson's DVDs. This was the first line of dialogue on the first episode I played. It's from 1994.
Laundry Day Assistant
Left some free stuff on the curb for people to take. Someone was kind enough to leave a note.
Lenin the hustler
Let me see if it was good
Let's Play Spot The Cage!
Letterman nails it
Level 20 bard
Life after twelve.
Life of Pi: The No Budget Version
Life of a Whale Biologist
Limerick Larry, the greatest commenter in Pornhub history [NSFW?]
Listen to Obama call Kanye a Jackass, it'll make you smile.
Little kids ask me every day if he is real.
Look everyone, I won! I won! I won!
Look who just won the fucking lottery
Looking at pictures on Reddit
Looks like a normal spoon, right?
Looks like mom took a few too many Zyrtec and wandered onto the field
Lord have mercy
Lost my gym membership a few weeks ago. After a few mild days recently...
Lost? Not so much.
Lottery scratch tickets make good last minute Christmas gifts.
Lowrider in Florida.. driving not so low.
Made a path around the house, they've been running for an hour trying to figure out the maze..
Majestic
Malfunctioning Seatbelt
Man doesn't want to sell his Subaru
Man love
Managed to find Bender's email on a Futurama episode. I emailed him and this was the reply
Manliest Pacifier EVER.
Martin Freeman's reaction upon hearing "Downton Abbey" won best series over his show "Sherlock" at the National Television Awards
Maybe NASA should broadcast the Olympics.
Maybe my local chinese buffet should stick to chinese food...
Meanwhile at Rockstar... (FIXED)
Meanwhile, at last night's Philadelphia Flyers game...
Meanwhile, in Norway
Medical advances.
Meet Kurt Cowbain, the crazy cow from the Isle of Skye.
Men In The Baby Food Department
Met Sean Astin at a comic-con. I told him my wife cries at the end of 'Fellowship of the Ring,' when Sam chases after Frodo's boat, EVERY time. this was the autograph I got.
Minnesota is cancelled tomorrow.
Miracle Whip sent this letter to Stephen Colbert after he made fun of their mayo on his show. Well played, Miracle Whip. Well played.
Misspelled "dual monitors" chatting to my uncle last night. Today he sent me this.
Mom got her first windowed oven.
Mom was worried about my trip to the Grand Canyon, I sent her this picture.
Mondays
Monkey in the mirror
Monkeyin' around.
Monopoly is an Old Game
More like fruit Canadian
Morgan Freeman tests the new "Google Eyelids"
Moved to Japan... met my neighbor.
Moving back with parent soon and this about sums it up
Mum bought me a shirt from her overseas trip. She wasn't wearing her glasses.
Mural on the back of Acme Incorporated.
Musician witnesses United Airlines baggage handlers throwing his guitar. Guitar is wrecked. United won't help. Singer writes a song and makes a video "United Breaks Guitars."
My American friend made us a cake for Canada Day. . . . Thanks buddy.
My Friends Sister Got This At a Jump Rope Camp. It's Supposed to Say Rope.
My Grandmother politely asked me to try and not leave my condoms in her house. I think I need to politely ask Grandma to upgrade her prescription glasses.
My IT Department likes to joke around
My Mother in the 70's, and her prediction of what we now call "The Internet"
My UPS man knows how to do lunch right
My aunt asked my uncle to put some corn down for the deer...
My best friend got married yesterday, his sister held on to this for 20 years just for his wedding day.
My boss and I are in a contest to lose weight. Today is my birthday. This is what he brought me.
My boss bought 50 chairs in an online auction. It wasn't until we went to pick them up that we realized it was at an elementary school.
My boyfriend of 7 years and I are both physicists. Here's how he proposed to me.
My brother and i take a christmas picture every year with our cats.. this was this years
My brother changed our names on his netflix account...
My brother got his PhD and this is what he is proud of.
My brother took this photo at the zoo, I present, Success Gorilla
My buddy dad-proofing his remotes
My buddy's Facebook timeline cover photos the last couple of months...
My buddy's office ordered a bulk bag of Easter Eggs. It took him a minute of laughing to realize they DIDN'T get the wrong shipment.
My buddy's will thats leaving for deployment!
My cat graced me with a physics problem I have yet to solve.
My cat's reaction to the real bear skin rug my roommate brought home
My college writes me every year to ask if I've achieved anything. After 15 years, I've finally made it into the newsletter!
My cousin is glad her mom is not a different mom
My cousin's high school chemistry Asian grade scale
My dad didn't bother reading the card before he bought it
My dad died a few weeks ago and I was going through some old pictures of him when I noticed something about him and his favorite TV character..
My dad grooms dogs for a living. He sent me this today
My dad has a good sense of humour
My dad hid a camera to find out why the cats kept sneaking into my old bedroom after I'd left for college...
My dad just moved to Tokyo. I asked for a picture of the view from his apartment...
My dad just texted me this. Student submitted this for his final.
My dad's solution when a control knob broke off in my car
My doctor said: "You kinda look like that guy on the wall over there!"...
My dog is a fuckin' creep.
My dog just got out of surgery. I think he might still be high from the anaesthetic.
My dog was very distressed about this.
My experience while my friend was teaching me how to change the oil in my car
My farmer friend just posted this to Facebook.
My father really takes this t-shirt to heart.
My favorite Hulk
My favorite Instagram user
My favorite art movement
My favourite photobomb [GIF]
My fish died when I wasn't home. Asked my cousin to give him a proper flushing. She sent me this.
My five year old got a couple wrong on his arctic animal quiz.
My friend Clint just got his new work shirt...
My friend applied for a job at a pet store and put this in his application...
My friend asked off work, manager accidently created a new holiday.
My friend goes to a school that doesn't allow the opposite sex in their respective dorms, so this is movie night...
My friend got his new phone case today...
My friend got separated from our group in Vegas one night. He managed to make it back to our room. In the morning he was passed out holding his phone. I turned it on and this picture popped up.
My friend had a hockey practice last night. He didn't check his bag before leaving and he found this while in the locker room.
My friend had a really bad week, so I sent her some flowers. This is what the florist delivered.
My friend is a teacher, and she keeps a "tattle box" in her classroom where the kids can submit their "tattle tales". She went through some today.
My friend lives in a rough town.
My friend lost her X-ACTO knife in art class. I had to.
My friend met Justin Timberlake and got him to sign her favorite photo of him. She said he signed it really fast and ran off blushing.
My friend met Tom Hanks, stole his glasses and pretended to be wasted
My friend sent me this from a sex shop
My friend subscribes to Animal Health alerts because she's a vet. This email came a few days ago....
My friend went as a man trying to walk through a hurricane for Halloween (No wind involved)
My friend went to Disneyland wearing the wrong shirt.
My friend who is a gardener sends me photos of himself at work
My friend who lost his leg this summer posted this on facebook.
My friend works as a English teacher in Sweden.
My friend's gecko on a cricket hunt...
My friend's submission to a Peep art contest.
My friend, living in Berlin, got an email from a man in Missouri saying that he dressed up as him for Halloween. He has no idea who this man is.
My friends daughter had a school assignment to "Write once sentence about a family member and draw a picture about it".
My friends ordered pizza while they were drinking last night. I don't think they thought this through...
My gf slept over last night. She just sent me this with the subject 'soon'
My girlfriend and her sister wanted to look casual on the roller coaster. Totally understand why they paid $10 for this pic
My grandpa's lighter from his work
My husband's grandma. The resemblance is uncanny.
My kid's homework, I think the page designer has had enough.
My lazy little brother learning writing English letters
My life in a nutshell
My local 7-11 has a new policy...frankly I think it's a little ridiculous
My local comic has some truth to it about retail. We've all been there.
My mom didn't know it was picture day, but my little sister did...
My mom is always pulling this shit
My mom is at a hotel and found this note in her robe.
My mom is in her 8th week of chemo. This is her Halloween costume.
My mom never understood why I was afraid of our deer painting in the bathroom as a kid. I thought its foot was the bottom jaw.
My mom ordered a graduation cake with a cap drawn on. I guess they misheard.
My mom said they need to learn how to get along...
My mom told me to "behave myself" before leaving for on a short trip out of state. So, I just wrote this fake article about myself and had our neighbor send it to her. I'm very good at testing the limits of her sense of humor.
My mother comes in and says, "Bought this 20 years ago, totally forgot about it.....here."
My name is Noah. Everyone spells it wrong. I though there was one place that would get it right.
My neighbor has a turbine with a bad bearing...it's obnoxiously loud...He went to go check it out because it's been real quiet lately...
My neighbor left some notes for the maintenance guy.
My new favorite sports fan...
My parent's 18th birthday cake to me...
My parents sent me a picture of their kitchen renovation
My parents took away my sisters phone for the week. They've uploaded about 10 of these to her facebook. Doing it right!
My professor said I could only use one notecard
My roommate is a asshole, after setting off security alarms at the doors of almost every store I went to for 6 months I finally found this hidden in my wallet.
My roommates to do list on his white board
My school put a safety shower in the hallway, without a drain, in the Math building.
My secret Santa really outdid himself this year.
My secret santa is an asshole
My sister found this on her apt door. Liked it so much she hung it in the house.
My sister has friends over.
My sister hid the fact that she had a boyfriend from my brothers and I for 4 months. Tonight was the first time we got to meet him, so we decided to dress up for the occasion.
My sister went to the zoo
My sister's on a date. She sent me this from his bathroom.
My son can sum up our family's athletic ability in one photo
My son was excited to find Daddy in his new Lego kit
My student thought the tests logic was off
My three year old daughter said she needed raisins...
My turn now
My two friends (who are dating) decided to get a place together. The girl and I left to buy some things for the bathroom and we came back to this...
My typical day at work.
My university doesn't understand fractions.
My university put up motivational posters all over campus. Was not disappointed.
My warehouse at work: I guess they didn't get the memo...
My wife and I do not lead a very exciting life.
My wife believes she is a better driver, I let our dog decide
My wife brought home a life size skeleton replica, this is what I walked in on.
My wife didn't appreciate my fridge magnet poem.
My wife tried selling her shoes on ebay. Someone keeps asking for pics of her feet in them. I replied.
Myspace Tom gives a well deserved response
Name plate on my boss's desk
Need a Nigga? Rent a Nigga.
Need to fire a mortar? There's an app for that.
Neil deGrasse Tyson is serving jury duty this week
Neil deGrasse Tyson on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart
Nerds vs. Hipsters
Nestled in a corner of my University's bookstore near the art supplies, I found this.
Never ask your dad to bring you stuff at school
New Rule: Use your phone! or something.
New job required a photo of myself in a suit for their website. I don't own a suit.
New microwave came with this button. Scared to press it...
Nice goal! High fi---what the fuck, man?
Nice try USA, you almost pulled it off
No beans, also hammers are 500$ if you want one.
No cameras allowed at The British open? No problem for this dude, and his very inconspicuous pink camera.
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
No time to explain, let's go
No you guys, THIS is the funniest fucking Star Wars pic EVER!!
Nope.
North Korea's New Super Ultimate Supreme Camoflage
Nostradamus on Psy
Not Cool. Someone should tell him he's not in NYC.
Not cool
Not giving any fucks
Not quite gold, but I chuckled when my mom pointed this out to a friend.
Not quite sure what I expected.
Not sure who felt sorry for him... but seriously?
Note to self: Turn OFF game when taking family portrait
Noticed this while watching a NatGeo docu about the German V2 Missiles
Now THAT'S a great name for a neuroscientist
Now that Ben Affleck is Batman...
Now vs. Then
Now you try.
OMG i look so ugly in this picture, hair is a mess, no make up on, i hate my boobs and my ass :(
Obama on CNN at his Correspondent's Dinner
Obama: If daughters get tattoos, we will too
Oh Amazon, your books and their reviews are sometimes so bleak.
Oh New York City does not fail to impress.
Oh no! How are we suppose to park without the lines to guide us?
Oh no, it poured right into the glass like it was supposed to!
Oh the sweet, sweet irony. Cosmo criticizing Reddit about giving sex advice.
Oh, Michigan.
Ohio mans obituary request.
Ok, I reckon installing a chocolate fountain outdoors on a windy day may have been a shitty call...
Old motherboard looks like Ancient Greece
On my drive home... All I could see is a green bird, with a gold beak, wearing a top hat and staring at me.
One guy on Yelp ...
One of my friends goats enjoys to jump on top of things. This is a daily occurrence.
One of our dogs is clearly smarter than the other...
One of these things is not like the others...
One year ago today I was stabbed and nearly died. I woke up in the hospital a few days later to find this.
One... More... Link...
Only a true mastermind could defeat this type of security.
Only happens once in a full moon, too.
Only in Wisconsin would this be necessary.
Only in a Canadian McDonalds....
Only when playing Scrabble with Mum
Oops
Optimism in the UK.
Ordered a drink from the Chinese restaurant, got this on top.
Our Police Department is going crazy over this picture posted to their Facebook.
Our son wants a duffel bag for Christmas. We decided to give him cash and chocolate chip cookie ingredients as well.
Overcrowding in British Prisons
Overly Manly Man Goes to the Bar
Paint truck breaks long standing speed record - hits 88 MPH.
Pants sagging only to your knees...what is this amateur hour?
Parking: nailed it.
Part of my inheritance. Dad always was a funny guy. These were in the same envelope.
Part of our bachelorette party scavenger hunt involved asking strangers to write down marital advice for the bride. This is what one lady wrote.
Patrick Stewart: Actor
Penguin ambassadors deal with the stairs
Pepsi Logo: a response
Perfect paint scheme for a Smart. [X-post from r/cars]
Perfect timing
Perks of being blind
Perspective is everything
Photo taken outside Children's Hospital in Los Angeles. Smart kid.
Pic from today Russia-Slovenia hockey match at Sochi
Pinterest account posts pictures of Taylor Swift overlayed with Taylor quotes, teenagers love them. Quotes were actually said by Hitler.
Planning.
Playing the 17 yr old teenage girl since 1995
Please design a logo for me. With pie charts.
Please design a logo for me. With pie charts. For free.
Police and rioters come together to help fat man out of trousers
Poop flew on Apollo 10 according to this audio transcript
Poor Dr. Hedgehog.
Poor guy but what a headline
Pornhub's most popular search terms by state
Possibly the best picture I got from skydiving last week
Pretty much sums up every video game I've ever played.
Pretty sure this is some sort of astronomical phenomenon
Probably my favorite South Park moment
Probably my favourite subtle scene from The Naked Gun
Probably shouldn't have used a carpet on that stage
Probably the best police beat story I have seen at my local university.
Pulled up the carpet at the house, and guess what I found!
Pure Joy
Queue: Thai level.
Quick, take the shot before -- (sigh) damnit.
RUN!!!!
Rap music
Reached for a Pepsi, almost lost me a finger.
Reading against a giant teddy bear. He didn't know why I could not stop laughing.
Ready fight! !!!
Ready for dat booty
Really know what's important in life
Reddit (in regards to the Boston bombing) according to Taiwanese news.
Reddit trying to solve the Boston Bombing case
Reddit, today I spent the entire day with a melted Milk Dud on the back of my pants,
Reddit, today I spent the entire day with a melted Milk Dud on the back of my pants, at what point did you realize you'll have to start a new life somewhere else? (Pic)
Redditor Parenting 101
Redneck Calamari
Regarding sexism, Batman is spot on
Regarding the sidebar [fixed]
Reminds me of drunken girls trying to pose for a picture...
Respectful Discourse
Response to Noah: My name (kinzi) is always spelled wrong as well, but this one from starbucks wins the prize
Right place, right time.
Risky times
Robin Thicke always holds his arms out like some sort of god damn Ken doll
Robin Williams
Rocks
Roll credits
Romanian tourism brochures from U.K.
Roommate got tired of our shit
Roommate is about to learn a valuable lesson in grammar
Russia summarized in one sentence
Sad bear popped a hole in my friend's pool :(
Saddest name for a butter substitute
Samuel L. Jackson on father's day
Satellite Interview? Totally Necessary, Nancy!
Saturday Night Boredom
Saw the Hitler Kettle at JCPenney! In a glass case none the less.
Saw this at Bed Bath and Beyond.
Saw this at my job. I'm genuinely afraid to open it.
Saw this guy just casually pumping his gas.
Saw this guy making an illegal uturn on my way home today
Saw this hanging in a Mexican restaurant
Saw this in the photo section at Walmart.
Science Fair project findings are 100% accurate
Screenshot of reddit from the year 3012
Screw you grocery store! I won't fall for that
Seems Legit...
Selena paying tribute to Miley at the premiere of Getaway yesterday
September 19, 1984 was a momentous day for the Van Pelt-Dietrich Library Center.
Seriously UPS? I'm 27 years old.
Seth Rogen gets it right.
Sharing is caring
She never thought the toilet paper roll would fight back.
She thought putting a heating pad under the cat house was a nice thing to do. Little did my friend know the war she had just started. To the victor, goes the warm spot. [OC] [X-post from Aww]
She unadded me. I regret nothing.
She was waiting in line for 5 minutes.
Shirt
Shout out to the best landlords ever [FB]
Simple yet brilliant
Simpsons did it. Ferrets sold as dogs.
Since being on pain medicine my dog has found a new appreciation for art. He stared at this for almost 20 min.
Sir Patrick Stewart just tweeted this picture
Skrillex faces.
Small town police log
Smooth
Snails: Nature's noble steed
So I Woke Up From My Nap And Ended Up In A Disney Movie
So I ended up on the local news this weekend...no regrets.
So I found my trampoline...
So I saw this gentleman at the apple store yesterday...
So I tried to order groceries online
So I walked into the kitchen at 5:30am and saw this in the sink... This is not my cat..
So I was drunk one night and added this to my amazon wish list, my mom blindly ordered stuff for Christmas.
So I was going through my basement for books and found this. My parents went silent.
So I was waiting for the subway, when I noticed we are not alone
So I was wondering why the range from my Bluetooth dongle was terrible..
So THAT'S how USB plugs work.
So a friend of mine has a problem with slugs. I think he is doing it right.
So a friend of my girlfriend made a cake for her daughters birthday party. One of the kids started crying because it was so ugly.
So here's the police report in my town's newspaper
So it happened again!
So it's gonna be one of THOSE days...
So my Netflix decided to buffer during Futurama....
So my friend was levitated by Shaq today... [FB]
So my idea for a reddit shirt got rejected...NSFW
So my little cousin posted on FB that he was bored and gave everyone his new phone number... (pic)
So my wife came up to me and said, "Take off my shirt."
So one of my sketches made it on CNN.
So the people in our building next door are having a party, and we're invited...
So they installed a new coffee machine at work and before anyone could use it, I placed this sign on it...best three hours of my life (I have the office right in front of the break room).
So this dick takes the best parking spot today
So this exists. Horse head squirrel feeder.
So this hot air balloon took off over my city today...
So this just happened...way to freak a girl out, Facebook
So tired of these unrealistic beauty standards
So true
So yesterday in Boston my friend got photobombed by Kevin Spacey out jogging.
So yesterday the copy manager where I work emailed everyone asking about calendar orders for 2013. I emailed her back saying I needed one of cats doing karate. Found this in my chair this morning...
So, I watching the news this morning..
So, a storm hit Tulsa a couple of days ago and there's still power outages...
So, my mom and I left our clip on extensions out.. And my brothers found them.
So, my wife wore a heart rate monitor and GPS watch during Sex. 0.15 miles, new record.
So, turns out my friend is THAT teacher... [FB]
So, we'll fire up the fog machine and then we'll all run out of the fog onto the field. It'll look so cool!
So, yesterday my friend saw this on the Mexico City metro.
So...just make them smaller?
Sochi Olympics hockey, power of the Slovakin butt
Some asshole took my spot after I shoveled 3 spaces for my neighbors and I in subzero temps.. Sucks to suck!
Some genius scratched the skirt off the bathroom sign... and I fell for it...
Some local residents poisoned the trees which were obstructing their view of the beach. The council, unable to "prove" who did it, erected this billboard... Priceless.
Some men just want to watch the office burn
Some say she is still drinking
Someone at NPR is getting SO FIRED.
Someone at the library wasn't happy
Someone from Star Trek has a part time job as a reporter
Someone is having a better Tuesday afternoon than me. Joys of working across from a hotel.
Someone jokes about the Smart Car on Twitter, they respond in the best way possible
Someone put this out there before we started swim practice
Someone really didn't think this out at the JFK memorial. (X-post from r/dallas]
Someone rolled a GIANT snowball into the streets of madison
Someone seriously tried to pass this at my work today...
Someone should teach Jack Lew cursive. This abomination of a signature is about to grace every dollar bill.
Someone told me that if you slow down Nicki Minaj songs, she sounds like a gay version of Jay-Z. So I tried it and it's TOTALLY TRUE. REDDIT, I GIVE YOU MY LUNCHTIME PROJECT: NICHOLAS MINJAY-Z (now taking requests)
Something smells phishy
Something tells me that won't be happening Amazon.
Soon
Sorry White House, This is the internet. (ALBUM)
Sorry if this is a repost, saw it in the gym today and it made me laugh
South Park's accurate depiction of broadcast journalism.
Spaghetti!
Speaking of shows that need to make a comeback.
Spike Lee is starting to look a lot like The Fresh Prince's mom
Spontaneous Wingman of the Year [fb]
Spotted Cookie Monster at work today.
Spotted in the window of a biology professor office at a community college.
Spy vs Spy
Star Trek really did a shitty job at predicting the future
Starting to wonder, "did I harvest my pumpkin too soon?"
Steve Carell handles interview well :)
Steve Martin on Tom Hanks
Still my favorite "Always Sunny" moment
Subtle NOAA
Super puns
Suspicious Water Fountain
Swedish cops goes above and beyond the call of duty to give this guy a parking ticket
Sweep the air
Sweet Jesus, its me. Its ALWAYS been me!!
Taco Bell on 420
Taking a panorama of the yard when the dog walked by. The result...
Teach your children about tax
Team work!
Thank you Mother Nature.
Thank you, Ken M.
Thanks Nordstrom, really needed new demonic creatures in my dreams.
Thanks for the block, ref!
Thanks to the credits of Naked Gun 2 1/2, I finally know what a Grip does.
That awkward moment when you take fashion advice from the public trains.
That's messed up Adobe Illustrator.
That's not how you twerk- AHH SHIT!
The "Bandit Plate" - best kids food!
The "Loser Keeps Justin Bieber" sign about the bet between USA and Canada men's hockey has been updated
The Amazing Spider-Man! Now with more "Man"! What a nice balloon.
The Aquarium near me posted this today
The Best Film Synopsis Ever
The Bus Knight
The Czech Republic.
The IRS is made of people
The Interpreter
The Moai
The Oatmeal's funny and sad tale of his house burning down 20 years ago.
The Onion: Black Man Given Nation's Worst Job
The Postal Service responds.
The Power of Oxi-Clean
The Real IT Guy's Office
The Rock photobombs a fan ! (X-Post from r/wwe)
The Simpsons can be dark sometimes
The TV guide guy nailed this one
The Titanic needed something extra
The World's Greatest Detective [x-post from r/batman]
The aftermath of what Reddit inspired me to do today.
The art project that got me sent to the counselor in middle school.
The average informercial
The best show to watch at 4am.
The best thing about living in Switzerland
The big Ronald McDonald blew over in my town today.
The bright side of global warming.
The calm before the storm
The challenges of picking up a metalband from the airport.
The class system in America captured in 1 pic
The classic tickle the balls and spin in mid air celebration.
The expression of true fear
The first and only recorded curling injury.
The force is strong with this one.
The force is strong with this one...
The hardest part of being in a biracial relationship is taking a picture together.
The hare doesn't stand a chance now!
The importance of clarity.
The international symbol for "maybe I'll make two sandwiches, not sure just yet"
The irony.
The license plate holder is what really makes it.
The look of defeat.
The lovely moment where you shatter your Iphone and there's two touching penis's on the back.
The moment George Takai became gay.
The most descriptive ticket I have ever gotten working in IT.
The neighbors cat stopped by on Saturday morning...
The news, here in Australia
The nimble no-fucks-given elephant rounds the last hurdle.
The only hat to wear in a convertible.
The only logical thing to do when you've been caught picking your nose on national TV...
The only thing left at Seaside Heights, New Jersey
The original Best Man cancelled
The other day my dog got attacked by a raccoon, so I set up a trap. This is what I caught.
The perfect birthday card For when you don't know what to write
The perfect photobooth picture!
The pinnacle of first world problems
The poor girl actually stopped walking.
The real reason I refuse to leave Korea, no matter what
The revolution has begun.
The right way! Good one.
The strongest fighter
The truth behind the Man of Steel.
The two rules of success
The two things that control the world
The ultimate bad-ass.
The ultimate battle!
Then, there's Denny [Pic]
There are two kinds of horses in this world...
There are two types of nerds
There was a big drug problem at my friend's school so they hired a police officer to supervise students but now he’s playing magic the gathering with the video game club
There was fresh catnip at the farmer's market last week.
There wasn't a single heated discussion at the table this year. Happy Thanksgiving from mine to yours.
There's a card out there for everyone..and every situation.
There's definitely a learning curve
There's nothing better.
They didn't have a flag at the game so they used his pants!
They just don't make it like they used to
They said doing the 100 foot slip and slide that had a massive ramp at the end in front of hundreds of people would be fine.
They saw a chance, and they took it.
They start young.
They told me to photoshop him into our championship picture since he couldn't be there, so I did.
They were all out of malice.
They were talking about American test scores on the news, and these rankings came up
They weren't kidding either
They won't stop!
Thieves hit our store last night. This is how they circumvented the door alarm...
Things Chris Hadfield showed us about Space
This McDonalds app is a lifesaver
This baby owl hit our window. Gave us this look the whole time
This coaster fits my face a little too perfectly...
This dry Chicago winter is really taking a toll on my friend's dog
This guy at the bank made my day
This guy is always at the local malls and always wears the same type of clothes. He is known as the "Creepy mall guy"
This guy knows what's up.
This guy looks like he should be in a PlayStation 1 game
This guy walks around my college with this staff everywhere he goes, I finally asked him why and he replied "seen any trolls around here lately? didn't think so".
This guy's chest looks like a girl's ass...
This hospital knows how to be festive.
This hotel pays attention to your special requests.
This is Norman Tebbut
This is Shaq holding a 12 ounce can of soda
This is all I could think about during my final exam...
This is at the research lab where I work
This is by my gym's bathrooms.
This is evil. But hilarious.
This is exactly how getting older feels, Liz Lemon.
This is how Surrey Police (UK) have tweeted warnings about icy roads - in the style of Vanilla Ice
This is how TheOatmeal responds to FunnyJunk threatening to file a federal lawsuit unless they are paid $20,000 in damages
This is how my girlfriend's family celebrated Thanksgiving in 1903
This is how they keep my dog from freaking out at the groomer.
This is in the women's restroom at the Purple Cow Restaurant in Freeport, Tx. If you lift the little white door, a loud buzzer goes off throughout the entire restaurant, forcing you to do the walk of perverted shame, out of the restroom.
This is my today's newspaper
This is one smart dog.
This is what I'm expecting from the Sochi Opening Ceremony.
This is what happens when scientists get honest
This is what happens when you forget to put the ice tray back in the freezer.
This is what my grandparents have started putting on their front door lately.
This is what you get when you write #yolo on a math quiz.
This is why Hoth was denied its bid to host the Winter Olympics
This is why no one likes you, Java
This is why you should never leave your wireless printer unsecure
This isn't about blowing your nose...is it?
This just popped up on my Facebook feed... I guess it was only a matter of time.
This looks dangerous at first glance.
This man was born for this job.
This must be a terrible show
This picture was taken this morning, the sign said 'spine' yesterday. ಠ_ಠ
This poor guy bet his roommate America would beat Canada in hockey
This pretty much sums up almost every conversation I have with my mum.
This pretty much sums up my relationship with the motion sensor light in the bathroom at work
This reminded me of how Reddit works
This showed up on my Facebook feed
This sign is at my local gun store
This store understands.
This was at my dentist's office
This was in the daily police report section of my hometown newspaper. (yes, it is a small town)
This was left in Argos. Words cannot describe.
This was on my senior honors thesis when I got it back
This was slid under my door this morning... best neighbor ever? i love people again.
This woman is Nicolas Cage
This wouldn't do much good in an actual fire (OC)
This year thousands of men will die from stubbornness
Thomas the tank engines nightmares
Three days ago, my suitemates made a poster saying "u guys suck" and posted it to our window at the construction workers that have been waking us up at 3 in the morning since August. This was their response today:
Three old ladies waiting in the line at Checkers... The DRIVE THRU line.
Timmys First Time Out.
To avoid perpetuating gender stereotypes, I gave my daughter a mix of dolls and toy cars to play with. This is what happened.
To be fair, all white people look the same
To be fair, that does beat laser tag.
To the man who had sex with your mom
To the point advertising in Thailand
Today a miracle occurred at IKEA
Told my class I was being observed today and not to be tardy. A student walked in late and handed me this.
Tony Hawk on skating with his daughter.
Too lazy to turn
Too... much... socks....
Took this picture when I was on vacation in Boston. Wow. They have no shame, huh?
Totally worth the upgrade
Touché Target! Happy Whatever..
Traffic Cam Win!
Transformers: Revenge of the fallen.
True love.
Trying to kill cat
Turns out our sophomores are the dumbest people in the entire universe.
Two Redditors in Duluth, MN accidently photograph each other...
Two Redditors lament frozen beer from opposite sides of the Bears game.
Two beach balls really bring this park to life.
Two lesbians by a door
UPS couldn't find my house so they sent me a notice to let me know.. at my house.
Ugh huh huh hey beavis...
Uhh... no thanks
Um... Thanks?
Umm. Thanks?
Un-friendzoned [FB] [Fixed]
Unexpected trail turn.
Universal customer-service paging system:
University professor reading his own teaching reviews to the class.
Using AOL as your search engine
Velma is having none of your vampire bullshit.
Very Sassy!
Virgin America is officially my favorite.
WELCOME TO SEA WORLD YOU LITTLE FUCKERS
WELL ALRIGHT SIR HOW ARE YOU DOING? FANTASTIC. GOOD DAY.
WTF, AP?
Wacky twerking inflatable tube girl
Waking up will be hard
Walked in on my little cousins...
Walked in on my son watching TV like this. Freaked me out for a second.
Walt Chelyabinskney
Walter White goes undercover as himself at Comic-Con
Wanted
Warning
Was finishing up my lunch when I saw this bird try and melt into the ground... and then stare at me like I was wrong for judging
Was going to gas station to sodomize myself with a fuel nozzle. Saw this :(
Was looking at the bill from my Chinese dinner and found this. It's worth mentioning I have a severe seafood allergy.
Was next to a car that was "painted" with duct tape!
Was watching a Friends rerun and noticed this
Washing socks
Watch out for bridges and hop-ons; you're gonna get some hop- ons.
Watching COPS, and these two were arrested for selling meth. Thought they looked familiar...
We actually had to help him down.. Idiot
We all know this feeling (saddest gif in existence)
We asked our biology teacher for the funniest answer someone has put on a test, we were not disappointed.
We got a snowstorm last night. My (female) boss's email probably shocked a few people in our SoCal office.
We got our yearbooks. Best history teacher ever
We had a gingerbread competition at work, this is my favorite entry
We had our lecture on "Giving Bad News" at my Medical School today. The Doctor ended the hour with these...
We laughed the entire time we ordered.
We went parasailing yesterday and asked someone on the boat to take photos of us. We found this on our camera.
We were all willing to cut our hours just to hire this guy
We were at a cotton farm this weekend. This pretty much sums it up.
We're on a road trip to Vancouver, and we've had Wi-Fi for the past 100 miles thanks to cruise control and this big fella
We've reached the peak of human intelligence.
Weight Loss: Before &amp; After (COMIC)
Well Reddit, I am the guy who locked himself onto the balcony of a resort in Ixtapa, Mexico. Here is what I just got in the mail from my secret Santa.
Well it looks like we got ourselves a mystery!
Well played Ikea, Valentines Day offer
Well played, USAF
Well, fuck
Well, gotta get into character.
Well, someone was a bitch.
Well, that sums up Youtube
Well, they do say art is anything you can get away with.
Well...
Well... shit.
Well...that was convenient.
Went to pick up dog from kennel and found her like this...
Went to the zoo yesterday..found this guy just sitting like this, making fart noises at everyone that walked by.
Went to this restaurant today. I appreciated their honesty..
What I love about my parents is that after 41 years of marriage, they still know how to embarrass their kids.
What I'll miss most about my iOS6 phone setup.
What PBS thinks of Sesame Street
What are the odds?
What are they telling them that they're not telling us?
What ball?
What do you dislike about High school?
What happens when you take Fitspiration and add pictures of people drinking? DRUNKSPIRATION!
What happens when you take a panoramic photo and your dog runs into the shot.
What my brother gave me for graduation
What my school advertised as "mac and cheese" tonight in the dining hall
What really happened in Raleigh
What the duck is going on here
What the fuck mom, I was sleeping!
What this semester has felt like.
What's wrong with you!
When I found out I could upvote by pressing 'A'
When I was a kid, we were so broke that I blew out candles on top of a slice of white bread on a paper cup at Brown's Chicken for my birthday.
When Vladimir Putin is walking away from something, it looks like it ought to be exploding.
When X-Files is more realistic than modern crime shows.
When i sit and reddit at 3 A.M
When life hands you lemons... become a flamingo.
When my dog decided to sit on my cat
When pub staff T-shirts go wrong.
When there's something strange... in your neighborhood...
When you order online, Domino's tells you the name of your delivery driver.
Whenever I go to the club these days...
Where do you want to eat?
Where will you be when the LSD kicks in?
Which one of you goes to NYU?
While comparing concrete adhesives at Lowes, I realized that the tables have turned.
While everyone was talking about Miley's ass, all I could see was this
While my office mate was on vacation, I thought I'd plant him a garden.
While you guys in America are celebrating your mothers mine sends me this.
Whiteboard Drawings
Who are we!
Who did Joe Biden see?
Who needs normal family pictures when you have this?
Whoever put this up in the airport, fuck you.
Whoever thought of this deserves a raise.
Whoever you are, however drunk you were, be proud
Why Hulu Sucks.
Why I hate applying for jobs.
Why I love Gordon Ramsay
Why am I judging this poor bastard?
Why did you become a cop?
Why does this keep happening?
Why the Mantis Shrimp is pretty damn awesome
Why, thank you, Firefox.
Windows Phone Test
Wise words, Andre.
Wish I could have gotten a valentine like this...
Words of wisdom at the doctors office.
World Record Attempt at Fastest Time to Jump Through 10 Panes of Glass
Wow. Thanks Chad.
Wrote a book 7 years ago. Still get quarterly royalty checks.
Yahoo!Groups limit group titles to 40 characters. Guess what takes 41 to spell out...
Yearbook photos should be in color
Yes....yes! Give them all to me!
Yet another unrealistic expectation for men
Yo, that's fifty dollars for a t-shirt.
You Shall Not Ass
You gotta hand it to this guy, his selfie game is strong.
You guys see the cat run past here?
You had one job, little girl.
You know that ominous feeling you get when you walk across street vents?
You might be a hipster, but you'll never be a hipster spinning thread a a BMW Service waiting room...
You need Jesus
You see Spiderman, I see a Pokémon hanging itself.
You will be missed
You won't escape an awkward situation by ripping off this label.
You won't look fat they said
You're an Asshole
You're playing a dangerous game, Costco!
YouTube's annual company meeting.
Your move, captcha...
Your offering pleases me tiny human
[True Detective] Time is a flat circle
a Lannister always walks his pets
angel bully
at what point did you realize you'll have to start a new life somewhere else? (Pic)
cooking shows
coworker left this in the break room today...with his name and phone number. bold move.
friend made some custards. they were supposed to be smiley faces...
grown-ups are weird
homeboy don't care
i don't think that kid will ever get picked on.. :)﻿
i hate this bowl
iPope Location Services - OFF!
if you see something you like, please tap on the glass
just smile and wave boys, smile and wave.
lvl 1 MMO Characters
macho man randy savage was here
meanwhile in Venice
my dad is the funniest person he knows...(in the right subreddit)
my friend's yearbook has a drug deal happening in it
one of us
since 1981
sweet old lady selling baked goods at the Pittsburgh comicon
talk about embarrassing baby pictures
thanks so much comcast for both the help and for using protection
the best kind of error
the moment he realized he was now the middle child
the motivation of a pirate
the winter sun
this is what I saw on my way to work this morning
tough guy huh? well I'll show you
“Sometimes I wish I was Loki...”
“They had me in these tiny underwear things that held NOTHING in. So when I lift my leg there, that is everyone’s real reaction. Look at Allison Bree’s face. That’s real!” - Joel McHale