
"27% of Americans knew that the money for PBS and NPR was &lt;1% of government spending. Remarkably, 40% guessed that the share was between 1 and 5% and 30% said it was in excess of 5% — including 7% who said that more than half of the federal budget was spent on television and radio broadcasts."
"A group of 22 House lawmakers — 11 Democrats and 11 Republicans — sent a letter Monday to President Obama and House and Senate leaders calling for cuts to defense spending to be part of a deal to replace scheduled spending cuts and tax hikes set for January."
"Across the country [United States of America], local law enforcement agencies are using an investigative technique called a tower dump to access data on cell phone towers, even of people who are not related to a specific investigation."
"All that stuff I was taught about evolution and embryology and the Big Bang Theory, all that is lies straight from the pit of Hell"
"America has no functioning democracy at this moment," Former US President Jimmy Carter said, according to Der Spiegel. Carter lambasted US intelligence methods as undemocratic and described Edward Snowden’s NSA leak as “beneficial” for the country.
"As happens to many Americans, when he lost his job, he lost his health insurance. He now owes $171,569.44 for the six nights he spent at the hospital."
"Bradley Manning will spend more time in jail than all of the other soldiers in all of these cases of torture and murder. And thus, instead of redeeming ourselves and asking forgiveness for the crimes that Manning exposed, we will reaffirm to the world who we really are." – Michael Moore
"Can it really be a crime to expose crime?" -Daniel Ellsberg, the man who leaked the Pentagon Papers, discusses his thoughts on the NSA whistleblower, Edward Snowden
"Charles and David Koch, the billionaire brothers with the second biggest fortune in America, are threatening to bankroll primary campaigns by Tea Party extremists challenging Republicans in Congress who don't go along with their crusade to undo the Affordable Care Act..."
"Declaring that this time he won’t negotiate with himself, [Obama] has refused to lay out a proposal reflecting what he thinks Republicans want. Instead, he has demanded that Republicans themselves say, explicitly, what they want. And guess what: They can’t or won’t do it."
"Despite being a member of Congress possessing security clearance, I've learned far more about government spying on me and my fellow citizens from reading media reports than I have from "intelligence" briefings." Alan Grayson (D-FL)
"Do you think the wealthiest family in this country—the Walton family—should have...large numbers of employees who depend on government help...or should they pay their workers a living wage? And should we raise the minimum wage to make sure that they do that?" - Bernie Sanders
"Does Meth and Heroin cause more deaths than marijuana?" Rep. Steve Cohen refuses to allow DEA Administrator to dodge his questions.
"Each of us put our hand on the Bible and swore to uphold the Constitution. We did not place our hands on the Constitution and swear to uphold the Bible." -- PA Democrat on anti-abortion bill.
"Edward Snowden is one of us. Bradley Manning is one of us. They are young, technically minded people from the generation that Barack Obama betrayed. They are the generation that grew up on the Internet, and were shaped by it."
"Eighty percent of Americans, including 83 percent of independents and 75 percent of Republicans, say threatening a government shutdown is not an acceptable way to negotiate."
"Ever see what a drug addict is like when he’s used up his junk? He’ll do anything — walk 20 miles in the snow, rob a grandma — to get a fix. Wall Street was like that."
"Every American has the right to know when their gov't believes it is allowed to kill them." - Senator Ron Wyden (D-OR)
"Henderson [Nevada, USA] police arrested a family for refusing to let officers use their homes as lookouts for a domestic violence investigation of their neighbors, the family claims in court. . . . The Mitchell family's claim includes Third Amendment violations, a rare claim in the United States."
"Here's how terrorism really works: Slaughter people on national TV, and watch a nation that prides itself on freedom as it shackles itself."
"I believed that if the general public, especially the American public, had access to the information contained within the [Iraq and Afghanistan war logs] it could spark a domestic debate on the role of the military and our foreign policy in general" ~ Bradley Manning, Whistleblower
"I shouldn't have to offer anything," Obama said. "They're not doing me a favor by paying for things that they have already approved for the government to do."
"If everyone in the U.S. was on Medicare, the savings would move the federal budget from deficit to surplus"
"If we are going to save the middle class and protect our planet, we need to change the political dynamics of the nation. We can no longer allow the billionaires and their think tanks or the corporate media to set the agenda." - Bernie Sanders in his latest HuffPo blog post '2014: Seize the Moment.'
"If we had had the French health care system, which is one of the most expensive in the world, it would have provided universal coverage and it also would have saved us so much money that we could have eliminated the individual income tax."
"In 1969 the median salary for a male worker was $35,567 (in 2012 dollars). Today it is $33,904. So for 44 years, while wages for the top 10 percent have continued to climb, most Americans have been caught in a 'Great Stagnation'"
"In the history of the United States, 168 presidential nominees have been filibustered, 82 blocked under President Obama, 86 blocked under all the other presidents." PolitiFact: Mostly True
"Let's not forget that a mere 40 years ago we had a president of the United States who completely disregarded the law in an effort to destroy his political opponents. The information collected by the NSA has the potential to give an unscrupulous administration enormous power over elected officials."
"Loud-Ass TV Ads Are About to Be Outlawed - Beginning at midnight tonight, new Federal Communications Commission rules will bar television networks from blasting viewers with those excessively loud, screamy commercial breaks."
"Medicaid Growth Could Aggravate Doctor Shortage"
"Mr. Obama repeatedly lost patience with the speaker as negotiations faltered. In an Oval Office meeting last week, he told Mr. Boehner that if the sides didn't reach agreement, he would use his inaugural address and his State of the Union speech to tell the country the Republicans were at fault."
"My employees are largely responsible for any success I've had." Joe Lueken is a successful grocer and come January 1st, he is transferring ownership of his three supermarkets to his nearly 400 employees through an Employee Stock Ownership Program
"My name is Kenneth Chamberlain. This is my sworn testimony. White Plains police are going to come in here and kill me." And that's just what they did.
"No food stamps for convicted felons". The amendment to the Senate farm bill to bar convicted felons from eligibility to food stamps has been passed unanimously.
"On a rough estimate, it would only take $70 billion of the federal budget to cover the tuition costs at every two- and four-year public college. This happens to be the sum the Pentagon wastes annually in 'unaccountable spending.'"
"One of my colleagues asked the NSA point blank will you give me a copy of my own record and the NSA said no, we won't. They didn’t say no we don't have one. They said no we won't." – Rep. Alan Grayson
"Our form of democracy is so broken with special interests on both sides…All our legislators do is raise money. That's all they do. They don't legislate. They raise money and campaign. Period."
"Overall, higher taxes on the rich historically have correlated to higher economic growth for the country. It's counterintuitive, but it is the historical fact."
"President Barack Obama, who once denounced George W. Bush-era security measures, has not just amplified Bush’s programs, but has begun hunting down and prosecuting officials who leak details."
"Prison as a Deterrent Does Not Work. If it Did, America Would be the Safest Country on Earth"
"Private insurance is a parasite in the system," says Arnold S. Relman, the former editor of the New England Journal of Medicine and an advocate of healthcare reform. "It adds nothing of value commensurate with its cost."
"Sheldon Adelson, the biggest single donor in political history, supported eight candidates through super PACs. All of them lost on Tuesday." - NY Times
"So Palin &amp; crew are feeling unjustly blamed for the actions of an extremist..."
"So we've somehow maneuvered ourselves into a place where 40 or 50 fanatic representatives can bring the entire government of the most powerful nation on Earth to a screeching halt."
"Social Security, because it is funded by the payroll tax, not the U.S. Treasury, has not contributed one nickel to our deficit." Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.)
"Something has gone terribly wrong, when the biggest threat to our American economy is the American Congress" - Senator Joe Manchin III
"That the Wall Street Journal would even dare publish such a thing without irony is indicative of the reality that the wealthy don't live in the same country as the rest of us"
"The Founding Fathers, who understood the nature of man, never put a lot of faith in government. They set up a system of checks and balances to prevent one branch of government from accumulating too much power. The National Security Agency now runs amok in the lives of everyone. This cannot stand."
"The G.O.P. has lost two presidential elections in a row because it forced its candidate to run so far to the loony right to get through the primaries, dominated by its ultraconservative base" - Thomas Friedman
"The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act to go after whistleblowers who leaked to journalists...more than all previous administrations combined." Politifact: TRUE
"The U.S. government has demanded that major Internet companies divulge users' stored passwords, according to two industry sources familiar with these orders, which represent an escalation in surveillance techniques that has not previously been disclosed."
"The US military has launched a significant overseas assault every 40 months since 1963"
"The United States, from 1970 to 2005, increased its prison population by about 700 percent, according to statistics gathered by the ACLU."
"The Walton family, which owns Wal-Mart, controls a fortune equal to the wealth of the bottom 42 percent of Americans combined."
"The federal judge who oversaw the recent civil fraud trial against Bank of America Corp criticized the U.S. Department of Justice on Tuesday [12 November 2013] for failing to prosecute high-level executives over the financial crisis."
"The only thing wrong with this bill is that Elizabeth thought of it and I didn't." - Sen. Bernie Sanders on Sen. Elizabeth Warren's student loan bill
"The police department believes that, under state law, you may responsibly get baked, order some pizzas and enjoy a Lord of the Rings marathon in the privacy of your own home, if you want to." - Seattle Police Department
"The president does not have power under the Constitution to unilaterally authorize a military attack in a situation that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat" - Barack Obama, 2007.
"There’s a popular myth that the uninsured—in Texas, that’s 25 percent of us—can always get medical care through emergency rooms. Ted Cruz has argued that it is 'much cheaper to provide emergency care than it is to expand Medicaid,' and Rick Perry has claimed that Texans prefer the ER system"
"We cannot allow our economic life to be controlled by that small group of men whose chief outlook upon the social welfare is tinctured by the fact that they can make huge profits from the lending of money" -FDR, 1932
"What if I told you that making every weekend three days is a really good idea? And not just for your video game addiction, but also the environment, the economy, and yes, our collective mental health."
"What was Mr. Rubio’s complaint about science?...it might undermine children’s faith in what their parents told them to believe. And right there you have the modern G.O.P.’s attitude, not just toward biology, but toward everything: If evidence seems to contradict faith, suppress the evidence"
"When students covered their eyes with clothing, police forced open their mouths and pepper-sprayed down their throats." Junior faculty member at UC Davis writes open letter to Chancellor Linda P.B. Katehi recounting the horrible acts of police brutality at the OWS protest on campus.
"Why is it that if you take advantage of a corporate tax break you're a smart businessman, but if you take advantage of something so you don't go hungry, you're a moocher?" -- Jon Stewart to Bill O'Reilly
"You should be doing everything in your power to make sure everybody has the chance to vote, and that their vote is counted. Instead, Gov. Scott, you are allowing people to be turned away and jeopardizing the credibility of Florida's election."
"You shouldn't have to be able to afford $50,000 to hear what a candidate actually thinks." --Scott Prouty, the bartender who secretly taped Mitt Romney's "47%" remarks, on why he felt obligated to come forward.
$1B of Nude Body Scanners Made Worthless By Blog — How Anyone Can Get Anything Past The TSAs Nude Body Scanners « TSA Out of Our Pants!
$7.25 an hour amounts to $15,080 a year for full-timers working 40 hours a week. As NJ Gubernatorial candidate Barbara Buono has noted, "That's not a living wage. That's a starving wage."
'300 Americans have the same amount of wealth as their 85 million poorest Americans' - Russel Brand
'A Tampa rape victim can sue Hillsborough County Sheriff for allowing a jail guard to refuse to give her a prescribed emergency contraception pill because it was against the guard's religious beliefs, a federal judge ruled.'
'Tell your boss I owe him another friggin' beer:' Hot mic catches NSA boss praising FBI chiefs for supportive testimony on surveillance programs.
'The Arizona Republican Party formally censured Sen. John McCain on Saturday, citing a voting record they say is insufficiently conservative.'
'The Wire' creator David Simon eviscerates the dystopia creating war on drugs - Says the war is about the disposal of “excess Americans”: once a labor force, but no longer of use to capitalism. He went so far as to call the war on drugs “a holocaust in slow motion”.
'The real job creators are ‘low-wage workers who spend every dime that they get.’
'US judge ruled it was okay for the DEA to enter a rural property without a warrant and install surveillance cameras that were used to help convict five members of a family on charges they were growing marijuana.'
- Rep. Paul Broun of the House Science Committee
1.6 Billion Rounds Of Ammo For Homeland Security? It's Time For A National Conversation
1/3 of US Honeybee Colonies Died Last Winter, Threatening US Food Supply - “We’re getting closer &amp; closer to the point where we don’t have enough bees in this country to meet pollination demands,” said entomologist Dennis vanEngelstorp, who led survey documenting declines.
16-Year-Old Girl Arrested and Charged With a Felony For Science Project Mistake
175 pending marijuana cases in Washington's King County dismissed because of Initiative 502's passing.
2 Senators Say the NSA Is Still Feeding Us False Information. How can a democratic republic function when the bureaucrats are constantly misleading the people?
2012 voting machine altering votes
25 Years After Exxon Valdez Oil Spill, Company Still Hasn’t Paid For Long-Term Environmental Damages -- "ExxonMobil, the most profitable publicly traded company in the world, has yet to pay up"
3 Former NSA Employees Praise Edward Snowden, Corroborate Key Claims
3 days left for our best shot at killing CISPA. We have a strategy, need help spreading it.
40 Fired LAPD officers seek reviews of their cases in wake of Dorner rampage, citing Dorner's complaints as legitimate.
40% Of US Workers Now Earn Less Than 1968 Minimum Wage
43% Believe that US Health Care is Corrupt, 64% that Government is Run by a Few Big Interests, Media Shrug
5 Problems With the Trans Pacific Partnership;"The United States appears to be using the non-transparent Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations as a deliberate end run around Congress on intellectual property, to achieve a presumably unpopular set of policy goals."
53% of Americans now think the Republican Party is too extreme as opposed to 2010 when it was just 36% according to a recent study.
60 Min: Is “fair to a guy who makes $50k” to pay “a higher rate than you?” Romney: “yeah.. It’s the right way to encourage economic growth.”
60% of Americans Value Privacy Over Anti-Terror Protections
62 Republicans join 172 Democrats, to defeat farm bill that would have made heavy cuts to food stamp programs. The vote was regarded as a surprise, and represented an embarrassment to the House GOP leadership team.
62% of Georgia voters support marijuana decriminalization.
71 Percent Want to Eliminate Mandatory Minimum Sentences for Non-Violent Offenders
72% of Americans Oppose Shutdown Tied to Health Care Cuts
9 Huge Government Conspiracies That Actually Happened
99 senators haven't come out against CISPA, and they're rushing a vote for as soon as they come back from Memorial Day recess. Today is the last day before they leave. They need to know we're not okay with this.
A Conservative Millionaire's Quest to Raise California's Minimum Wage to $12 an Hour
A Massive Surveillance State: "the fact that something is lawful doesn’t mean that it isn’t dangerous or tyrannical or wrong. You can enact laws that endorse tyrannical behavior. There’s no question, if you look at what the government has done that’s exactly what the war on terror has been about."
A Milford, Connecticut police lieutenant has been suspended for a single day without pay for ordering the deletion of thousands of hours of police dashcam videos that were wanted by the family of a teenager who was killed in an officer-involved crash when that officer was speeding.
A Montana man is facing life in federal prison for growing marijuana in compliance with Montana's medical marijuana law --"While Jerry Sandusky got a 30-year minimum sentence for raping young boys, Mr. Williams is looking at a mandatory minimum of more than 80 years for marijuana . . ."
A North Carolina law requiring women who want an abortion to have an ultrasound and then have a medical provider describe the image to them is a violation of constitutional free-speech rights, a federal judge ruled Friday.
A Wisconsin judge has struck down the state law championed by Gov. Scott Walker that effectively ended collective bargaining rights for most public workers.
A congressman from Ohio had cops grab the cameras of constituents during a town hall meeting, a public meeting in a public building. Steve Chabot, a Republican, had cell phones and cameras confiscated in order to “prevent an embarrassing Youtube video from making the rounds”
A doctor and medical ethicist says parents who choose not to vaccinate their children should be liable, in the form of lawsuits, for anyone who becomes sick from their child.
A federal judge ruled that people placed on the U.S. government's no-fly list have a constitutionally protected interest in traveling by air, and the right to due process when it's denied
A new report finds 53% of financial services executives say that adhering to ethical standards inhibits career progression at their firm.
A newly discovered document reveals that President Reagan and his national security team in 1981 approved Guatemala’s extermination of both leftist guerrillas and their “civilian support mechanisms,” a green light that opened a path to genocide against hundreds of Mayan villages
A onetime Ku Klux Klan leader is charged with burning a cross in a mostly black neighborhood in southeast Alabama
A secretive U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration unit is funneling information from intelligence intercepts, wiretaps, informants and a massive database of telephone records to authorities across the nation to help them launch criminal investigations of Americans.
A study determined that due to low wages and employee's reliance on government subsidies, a typical Wal-Mart store costs taxpayers over $1.7 million per year, or about $5,815 per employee.
ACLU statement: "President Obama's action today is a blight on his legacy because he will forever be known as the president who signed indefinite detention without charge or trial into law."
ACLU: Edward Snowden Is A Patriot
AG Eric Holder urges Americans to fink on their neighbors and report IP offenses like...downloading music and movies illegally: "Not a single prosecution against Wall Street for the collapse of 2008 but he wants people to give a damn about IP violations for Hollywood and the recording industry?"
AIG CEO: Anger over AIG bonuses ‘just as bad’ as lynchings "Yes, enduring some public criticism for receiving multimillion-dollar bonuses after helping crash the global economy is a lot like being hanged from a tree by your neck until you die."
AMENDMENT 64 - LEGALIZE MARIJUANA passed in Colorado!
AT&amp;T has aided &amp; abetted cellphone thieves for years by reactivating stolen phones, particularly iPhones, &amp; fraudulently telling customers that it "cannot" block calls to &amp; from the stolen phones - so customers will have to buy new ones - a class action claims in Federal Court
Abolish the TSA
Accidental Tax Break Saves Wealthiest Americans $100 Billion
Active Duty Cop: "The war on drugs is a war on people. I did not get in law enforcement to destroy a person’s future because that person had marijuana or a pill in their pocket. Why would you want to destroy that person’s future and cause them great harm because of that? It’s not worth it.”’
After 12 years, $641bn, and countless dead, we leave poverty, fraud – and the Taliban in Afghanistan
After Calling Sandy Aid Wasteful, Ted Cruz Asks For All Available Resources for Texas
After Christopher Dorner’s rampage, how to build community trust in police: 'Relying on cops to police cops is neither efficient nor confidence-inspiring. The solution? Abolish internal affairs units and outsource their work to external civilian agencies.'
After a Reporter’s Biased Story of a Christian Politician’s High School Visit, a Student Who Was There Speaks Out
After a hungry 6th grader was denied food for being 40 cents short of affording a school lunch, his concerned bus driver posts about the situation on Facebook, only to be fired for "making derogatory statements about the school."
After collecting $1.5 billion from Florida taxpayers, Duke Energy won't build a new powerplant (but can keep the money)
Al Franken calls for a constitutional amendment to overturn citizens united
Al Gore Calls for End of Electoral College
Al Gore: NSA's secret surveillance program 'not really the American way' Former vice-president – not persuaded by argument that program was legal – urges Congress and Obama to amend the laws
Al Qaeda Leader: "We should bleed America economically by provoking it to continue in its massive expenditure on its security"
Alan Grayson On Syria Strike: 'Nobody Wants This Except The Military-Industrial Complex'
Alan Grayson introduces the "Business Should Mind Its Own Business" Act, which would add a 500% excise tax on corporate political contributions
Alan Grayson took to the floor of the House last night and started naming the number of people who have died in each Republican district who have no health insureance. Repugs freak out and get the House to adjourn in attempt to strike the record. Fucking cowards.
Alaska could be the next state to legalize marijuana -- "In a free society, prohibition of popular substances is just bad public policy"
All Empire State Building shooting victims were wounded by police.
Alright Reddit. You went black for SOPA, now your neighbours to the north and most active portion of users need help as well. We're about to get bitch-slapped by Bill C-38.
Amber Lyon, a three-time Emmy award winning journalist, blows the whistle on CNN's selective reporting of Iranian President Ahmadinejad's speech in their effort to lead America into a conflict with Iran.
America's Most Obvious Tax Reform Idea: Kill the Oil and Gas Subsidies
America's Prison System Is An International Embarrassment
America, we need a third party that can galvanize our generation. One that doesn't reek of pansy. I propose a U.S. Pirate Party.
American TV Neglected the Saddest Story in the Olympics
Americans Are Outraged Because in Voting for Obama, They Thought They Were Rejecting Bush
Americans Don't Want A War in Syria—And They're Working Hard to Prevent One
Americans Overwhelmingly Want Feds to Let States Move Forward With Marijuana Legalization
Americans Want Congress Members To Pee In Cups To Prove They're Not On Drugs
America’s Coastal Royalty
An 80-year-old woman who remembers when the United States helped defeat the Nazis faces charges for tearing down posters of President Barack Obama with a Hitler mustache.
An 80-year-old woman who remembers when the United States helped defeat the Nazis faces charges for tearing down posters of President Barack Obama with a Hitler mustache. Source: 80-Year-Old Arrested for Taking Down Posters of Obama with Hitler Mustache | NBC 7 San Diego
An Army in transition awaits West Point cadets as wars end, military budgets shrink
An Indianapolis high school student, who was bullied relentlessly for being gay and expelled for trying to defend himself against 6 attackers, has won a $65,000 settlement in a suit against the negligent school. School officials had blamed him for being "too flamboyant"
An LA police officer under investigation over claims he threatened women with jail time if they refused to have sex with him is now being sued by a man he and another officer beat nearly to death after trying to extort money from him last May.
An amendment that would legalize the use of propaganda on American audiences is being inserted into the latest defense authorization bill. The bi-partisan amendment is sponsored by Rep. Mark Thornberry from Texas and Rep. Adam Smith from Washington State.
An effective eye drug is available for $50. But many doctors choose a $2,000 alternative, a choice that costs the Medicare program an extra $1 billion or more annually.
An entire section of Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul’s 2013 book Government Bullies was copied wholesale from a 2003 case study by the Heritage Foundation
An outbreak of lawlessness
An overwhelming majority of U.S. citizens want deep and immediate cuts in military spending, according to a new poll.
Anderson Cooper: "The Fact Is, I'm Gay." - "I’ve also been reminded recently that while as a society we are moving toward greater inclusion and equality for all people, the tide of history only advances when people make themselves fully visible."
Ann Coulter was Invited to Speak at My College, University President had this Awesome Response
Anthony Weiner wants to require NYC cops to wear cameras: "Video would ensure citizens have recourse when they are mistreated, provide an invaluable training tool, and protect cops from false accusations."
Anti-weed NY assemblyman Steve Katz charged with possession
Anyone else think it would be interesting to set up a subreddit where all of the posts were a feed of every bill that goes through the U.S. congress?
Army to Congress: Thanks, but no tanks. Army doesn't want them, but lawmakers are pressing the Pentagon to accept production of more M-1 Abrams tanks. Meanwhile, more than 2,000 gather dust at an Army depot.
Arnold Schwarzenegger: “I always tell my accountant, If you’re in doubt about taxes, pay more. No Cayman Island offshore investments. No gimmicks. I love paying my taxes!”
As Democrats seethe over GOP tactics, video over rules change goes viral
As Requested: I am willing to run against Lamar Smith [R-TX], the House Representative responsible for SOPA.
As a candidate, Mr Obama applauded the courage of whistle-blowers (and rode into the White House on their disclosures); as president he has prosecuted them far more vigorously than his predecessors did.
As one of the few members of Congress who have consistently voted against the Patriot Act, I believe the United States should not be accumulating phone records on tens of millions of innocent Americans. Congress must address this issue and protect the constitutional rights of the American people.
As the Frankenstorm Arrives Romney/ Ryan Go Silent on Their Plan to Cut FEMA and Disaster Relief
At a time when the gap between rich and everyone else is growing wider, at a time when Wall Street and large financial institutions are exerting extraordinary power over the American and world economy, I applaud the pope for continuing to speak out on these enormously important issues.
At least 55 arrested during nationwide Black Friday Walmart protests
Attorney General Eric Holder: Feds to let banks handle pot money
Autistic high school student entrapped by undercover cop posing as a student. After harassing the kid for weeks to buy him pot, the boy is arrested, jailed, and interrogated for 3 days with no legal counsel or contact with his parents.
Aww shit. Here we go again. Again. CISPA - HR 3525. AKA Return of the SOPA.
BBC response to government shutdown: "Even in the middle of its ongoing civil war, the Syrian government has continued to pay its bills and workers’ wages"
BIG NEWS: Prop 8 is unconstitutional, Judge rules
Background checks in Colorado stop 38 from buying guns who were convicted of homicides, 600 burglars, 1300 who committed felonious assaults, 400 had existing restraining orders were stopped, and 236 showed up to pick up their guns but were arrested because of existing warrants for violent felonies
Bailout does NOT pass vote. 206 Yea - 227 Nay. Dow tumbles.
Bank CEO admits to buying luxury condo in Florida with TARP money
Bank of America Employees We Were Told To LIE To Struggling Home Owners
Bank of America Exec Is Found Liable for Fraud. Now She Works at JPMorgan.
Bank of America committed foreclosure fraud, was bailed out by the government, and then paid no taxes on $4.4 billion in profit.
Bank of America whistle-blowers: “We were told to lie”
Barney Frank Confronts Woman At Townhall Comparing Obama To Hitler- "Trying to have a conversation with you would be like arguing with a dining room table."
Baseball: It got more debate in the Senate than the Iraq war. Now Barry Bonds and Roger Clemens have been federally prosecuted longer for perjury than any bank for the financial collapse.
Ben &amp; Jerry's has launched a drive to overturn Citizens United: "We call on Congress to pass a Constitutional Amendment that overturns Citizens United and gets the money out of politics"
Ben &amp; Jerrys CEO seeks to overturn Citizens United ruling.
Bernie Sanders - We have to pass a constitutional amendment to end Citizens United ruling. A Corporation is not a person and a handful of billionaires cannot pollute and take over the political system by spending unlimited sums of money in secret to elect candidates who support their agenda
Bernie Sanders Calls What Wal-Mart Has Done To America A Great Obscenity
Bernie Sanders To Larry Summers: "What the American people want now is a Fed chairman prepared to stand up to the greed, recklessness and illegal behavior on Wall Street, not a Wall Street insider whose deregulation efforts helped pave the way for a horrendous financial crisis"
Bernie Sanders on why he might run for President: “The American people know that there is something profoundly wrong—that we are fighting to make sure that the middle class of this country survives… I do not see that sense of urgency in Congress and among many of our political leaders.”
Bernie Sanders: "At a time when the richest people in this country are becoming richer and the middle class is disappearing it is beyond shameful to cut food programs"
Bernie Sanders: "Today, what corporations are paying into the U.S. Treasury, as a percentage of GDP, is lower than in any other major country on earth. You would think that before you cut health care, education, nutrition or Social Security, you might want to take a hard look at that issue."
Bernie Sanders: 'Two wars are enough. Let's come home and address our serious problems.'
Big Banks Start Campaign to Destroy Credit Unions
Big Lie: America Doesn't Have #1 Richest Middle-Class in the World...We're Ranked 27th!: America is the richest country on Earth. We have the most millionaires, the most billionaires—and a increasingly poor "middle class."
Big banks and Corporations teamed up; forcing minimum wage workers to be paid through Pre-paid cards and getting charged excessive fees.
Big banks’ dangerous monopoly on life "Goldman Sachs, just by warehousing 1.5 million tons of aluminum, has managed to raise the price of every beer and cola can the world over."
Biking without a helmet: No brainer - Feel the wind in your hair; bill the taxpayer for your injuries
Bill Clinton asserts Democrats create more jobs. Fact checkers pointing out that Clinton's claims were true
Bill Clinton: Drug war 'hasn't worked'
Bill Maher: Americans would label drone attacks “terrorism” if another country were to act against the U.S. in a similar way
Bill Nye Wants To Wage War on Anti-Science Politics, Make a Movie—And Save the Planet From Asteroids
Bill O'Reilly Threatens To Quit If Higher Taxes For Millionaires Are Enacted
Bill To Repeal The Patriot Act and FISA is Making It's Way Through Congress
Bill to Legalize and Regulate Marijuana Introduced in Alabama
Bill to end Federal Marijuana Prohibition
Bill would force super PACs to reveal their donors : Legislation sponsored by Democrat Ron Wyden of Oregon and Republican Lisa Murkowski of Alaska would require so-called super PACs to reveal their sources of money, just as federal candidates must do.
Bill would make it a crime to knowingly mislead voters about elections: A bill that would make it a federal crime to knowingly mislead voters as to the time and place of a public election.
Bill would make it illegal for ISPs to slow down online video services
Bitcoin Has Already Morphed Society
Bob Schieffer: "You pass a farm bill in the House. It gives billions of dollars, much of it to large corporations that own farms. It's almost like welfare for the wealthy. But you don't include a dollar for hungry people for Food Stamps. What kind of a message is that you're sending?"
Boehner’s office cuts off C-SPAN cameras as GOP takes beating: A strange thing happened Wednesday morning on Capitol Hill.
Boston Marathon: What takes me aback are how graphic the news photos are as compared to the almost total visual censorship of American war casualties over the past twelve years.
Boston Schools Back Sen. Elizabeth Warren’s Proposal To Stall Student Loan Interest Rate Increases: "The student loan program should not be a profit center for the Federal government.”
Both Senators From Oklahoma Votes Against Federal Disaster Relief For Hurricane Sandy, Now Face Difficult Questions Regarding Tornado Relief
Bradley Manning Found Not Guilty Of ‘Aiding The Enemy’
Bradley Manning sentenced to 35 years in prison: "When a soldier who shared information with the press and public is punished far more harshly than others who tortured prisoners and killed civilians, something is seriously wrong with our justice system"
Bruce Schneier: "Democracy requires an informed citizenry in order to function properly, and transparency and accountability are essential parts of that. That means knowing what our government is doing to us, in our name...Otherwise, we're living in a police state. We need whistle-blowers."
Bush received a larger percentage of the Mormon vote in 2004 than Romney did in 2012
Bush's records to be made public! Obama overturns secrecy on former president's records!
By over 2-1 margin, Vermont House approves marijuana decriminalization
CA medical marijuana provider Aaron Sandusky sentenced to 10 years in federal prison --"I want to apologize to those with me and their families who have been victimized by the federal government who has not recognized the voters of this state."
CEO Of Yumi Brands (KFC, Taco Bell, Pizza Hut) Makes $100 Million A Year While Government Pays $650 Million For His Employees Welfare
CEO-to-worker pay gap is obscene; want to know how obscene? Corporate America is fighting a proposed SEC rule requiring companies to calculate the ratio of their CEO's pay to the median pay of all their employees.
CIA/Torture Whistleblower John Kiriakou: Kiriakou is the sole CIA agent to go to jail in connection with the U.S. torture program, despite the fact that he never tortured anyone.
CISPA has just passed the House: R's 219 YEA, 4 NAY. D's 8 YEA, 188 NAY.
CNBC pulls video of Sen. Warren smacking down host over Glass-Steagall
CNBC's Jim Cramer: “My dad, a vet, won’t be allowed to vote in Pennsylvania because he does not drive, he is elderly, and can’t prove his citizenship.”
CNET has learned the FBI is quietly pushing its plan to force surveillance backdoors on social networks, VoIP, and Web e-mail providers, and is asking Internet companies not to oppose a law making those backdoors mandatory.
CNN Poll: Americans say marijuana is less dangerous than booze or tobacco
CORRUPTION: Bain-Controlled Company Owns 2012 Voting Machines
Cable News Obsessively Covers Cuts To White House Tours, Virtually Ignores Cuts To Programs For The Poor
California Legislators Introduce Bill To Banish NSA
California To Wal-Mart: Enough! No More Taxpayer Subsidized Profits For You
California becomes first state in nation to ban ‘gay cure’ therapy for teens
California passes minimum wage hike to $10 an hour
Calling all Military Veterans of Reddit. We took an oath to protect the people and the constitution of the United States of America. Meet me on Wall St.
Calls to legalize pot are gaining America's support
Cardiologists strongly back Obamacare, worry over rocky start
Catholic high school in Columbus OH fires teacher of 19 years when they found out she was a lesbian, a "violation of moral law." Columbus has an ordinance that protects employees from discrimination including sexual orientation. Religious employers are not exempt.
Chamber Taking on Tea Party in Kentucky Senate Primary
Charges dropped against Florida teen over amateur science experiment
Charity is not a substitute for justice - Poor Americans need higher salaries, not food drives
Charles Krauthammer: The Democrats’ outbreak of lawlessness
Charlotte police kill unarmed man who may have been running to them for help: Police in North Carolina shot and killed a man running toward them Saturday morning -- but he may have just been looking for help after a car wreck
Cheney's Halliburton Made $39.5 Billion on Iraq War
Chicago has a new law under which companies convicted of wage theft—which includes unpaid overtime or hourly pay below the minimum wage—could have their business licenses revoked
Chris Christie (R-NJ), Governor of NJ, just took a State Helicopter to his son's baseball game, where a limo carried him the 100 yards to the field. He then flew off with his wife. While he calls for savage cuts in medicaid to the poor.
Chris Christie comes out for good samaritan drug-overdose bill, would allow drug overdose victims to call 911 without fear of legal repercussions
Chris Hayes Absolutely Nails Hypocrisy On Snowden Leaks Versus Leaks That Advance Gov't Agenda
Chris Hedges - "Poor people, especially those of color, are worth nothing to corporations and private contractors if they are on the street. In jails and prisons, however, they each can generate corporate revenues of $30,000 to $40,000 a year."
Chris Hedges says "We have shifted, I think, from a democratic state to a species of corporate totalitarianism."
Christie Allegedly Diverted Millions In Hurricane Sandy Relief Funds To Pay For TV Ads Starring Himself
Christie praises Obama, doesn’t ‘give a damn’ about Romney photo op
Chrysler gives workers day off to vote
Civil Liberties Oversight Board: the N.S.A. program that collects data on nearly every American phone call is both illegal and not particularly useful.
Clinton claims the "Jobs score: Republicans 24 million, Democrats 42 million" since '61 - verified as TRUE by PolitiFact
Colbert donates remaining $773,704.83 from his Super PAC to Sandy relief, soldier aid, and political transparency groups!
Colbert: "The United States has no choice but to attack Syria because dictator Bashar Al Asad is killing his own people with chemical weapons. Before he was just killing them with bullets, but if America cared about shooting people, we'd be invading Chicago."
Colbert: If poor people want food stamps, they should become massive corporations
Colin Powell to Bill O'Reilly: I want to see a Republican Party that, rather than trying to make it more difficult to vote and restricting the number of days and hours you can vote, a Republican Party that says we want everybody to vote and we're going to give you a reason to vote for us.
Colleen Lachowicz, the Maine State Senate candidate accused of being "unfit for office" because she plays a Level 85 Orc Rogue in World of Warcaft, has won her race.
Colorado Rejects Fracking: The Money's Not Talking; Social Media Is
Colorado could make history by funding cannabis research: should it (pass), grants sized between $500,000 and $1 million would be available to universities, research hospitals, foundations &amp; the like to study cannabis' effect on maladies like epilepsy &amp; PTSD
Colorado's marijuana legalization initiative leads 51-40
Colorado’s Regulate Marijuana Like Alcohol Act Qualifies for 2012 Ballot
Comcast has run out of patience with the avalanche of BitTorrent lawsuits in the United States. The ISP is now refusing to comply with court-ordered subpoenas, arguing that they are intended to “shake down” subscribers by coercing them to pay settlements. (repost r/piracy)
Confidence in Congress drops to historic low
Congratulations to Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States
Congratulations, America! Your deficit fell 37 percent in 2013.
Congress Is Quietly Abandoning the 5th Amendment. Meet the prominent legislators who think it's okay to throw Americans in jail forever without charges or trial.
Congress Sets a New Record for Being Hated - 83% Disapproval
Congress Woman Outraged as she is Wiretapped...but voted for the Patriot Act
Congress doesn’t get to demand ransom in exchange for doing their job.They don’t get to kick a child out of Head Start if I don’t agree to take her parents’ health insurance away. That’s why I won’t pay a ransom in exchange for reopening the government. - Obama
Congress passed Obamacare, the president signed it, the Supreme Court upheld it, Obama campaigned on it a second time and was reelected. So in what manner was the will of the people disregarded?
Congress tries to reset science grants, wants every one to be “groundbreaking” -- If lawmakers get their way, research like recent Higgs findings could disappear.
Congress, at Last Minute, Drops Requirement to Obtain Warrant to Monitor Email.
Congressman Dennis Kucinich is on the floor of the House of Representatives right now introducing 35 articles of impeachment against President George W. Bush
Congressman Nolan: No Pay For Congress in Federal Shutdown - "It’s time for Congress to start living in the real world – where you either do your job, or you don’t get paid."
Congressman To AG Holder Over Marijuana: "Your Justice Department is continuing to put people in jail, for sale, and use of marijuana. It’s been an injustice for 40 years in this country to take people’s liberty for something similar to alcohol. This is the time to remedy this Prohibition."
Congressman claims climate science is "more of a religion than a science," then demonstrates his science knowledge by saying global warming is actually a good thing because "there will be more photosynthesis going on."
Congressman who used to be a high school English teacher irks GOP by marking their memos with a red pen.
Congressman: My bill would kill NSA's back doors
Congresswoman Louise Slaughter (NY-25), the only microbiologist in Congress, is today calling for immediate action to reduce the use of antibiotics in livestock after a new study confirms animal-to-human transmission of MRSA.
Conservatives must counter climate change – I am an old-fashioned conservative who believes in accepting responsibility, facing reality, tackling problems head on, and making sure we leave this world in better shape for our children and grandchildren.
Constitutional amendment introduced today "to overturn a Supreme Court ruling that allowed unrestricted, secret campaign spending by corporations and billionaires." Introducing the "Democracy is for People" Amendment
Cop claimed aggressive youth who swung at him had reached for his gun, at which point he fired his gun at the youth in self defense. Newly released surveillance footage.. shows cop running up behind the youth, then smashing him in the head with his gun in a surprise attack...
Cop gets five years for kicking in the door when he didn't have a warrant.
Cops Go Undercover at High School to Bust Special-Needs Kid for Pot: Why Are Police So Desperate to Throw Kids in Jail?
Cops Plead Guilty to Helping Plant Drugs on Woman Sexually Harassed by Judge: A judge responded to an assault victim by demanding sex in exchange for 'legal favors.' She filed a complaint, and he sent cops to plant meth in her car
Cops Shoots Unarmed Woman Motorist To Death For Rolling Up Her Car Window
Cops tell man recording them on his phone that his phone is a weapon. He doesn't stop filming, so they beat and arrest him.
Corporate Welfare – Employees Paying Taxes Directly to Corporations -
Corporate Welfare – Employees Paying Taxes Directly to Corporations - The same corporations that pay no federal taxes to begin with are also taking the money withheld from your paycheck for state taxes &amp; giving it to...themselves. And it's all legal.
Cost-benefit analysis and state secrecy ("terrorism is such a minor threat to American life and limb that it's simply bizarre to suppose that it could even begin to justify the abolition of privacy rights [and] the installation of a panoptic surveillance state")
Costco CEO backs increasing the minimum wage
Costco CEO, Jim Sinegal, rejects Wall Street's assumption that to succeed in discount retailing, companies must pay poorly and skimp on benefits, or must ratchet up prices to meet Wall Street's profit demands.
Costco: A Leader in Corporate Social Responsibility? - You see name tags reading "since 2002," "1999" &amp; "1995". Those working the floor can make mid-$40,000 range &amp; over 80% have competitively priced health insurance plans, resulting in more productive, satisfied workers &amp; low turnover.
County jails that account for the vast majority of local inmates in California have seen a marked increase in violence since they began housing thousands of offenders who previously would have gone to state prisons
Creator of ‘The Wire’ says ‘There are now two Americas. My country is a horror show.’
Cruel and Unusual Punishment: The Shame of Three Strikes Laws. While Wall Street crooks walk, thousands sit in California prisons for life over crimes as trivial as stealing socks
Cullerton: Illinois pension debt not a 'crisis'
D.A.R.E., America's Most Famous Anti-Drug Program, Will No Longer Talk to Children About Marijuana
DOMA Ruled Unconstitutional 5-4 Decision
Dallas — yes, Dallas — bans fracking in most of the city. Dallas is now the largest of five Texan cities and towns that have imposed local restrictions on fracking.
Dan Rather: NSA ‘is demolishing the trust in the government’
Daniel Chong, a 24-year old student at UC San Diego, was taken into custody &amp; abandoned in a holding cell for 5 days without food or water. “They never came back."
Daniel Ellsberg: Snowden didn't take an "oath of secrecy". He swore "to support and defend the Constitution of the U.S., against all enemies, foreign and domestic." He did not swear to support and defend or obey the President, or to keep secrets.
Dear America, I Saw You Naked: And yes, we were laughing. Confessions of an ex-TSA agent
Dear Newspapers: Maybe if you hadn't waited until the day before Bush left office to start calling him on everything he's done in the past eight years, we wouldn't be as screwed as we are now.
Dear online porn industry: Please shut down the tubes for 6 hours tonight in protest of the SOPA. You're our only hope now.
Debt Ceiling Bluff Called By Harry Reid, Leaving Mitch McConnell To Filibuster Himself
Defend Edward Snowden! "What is extraordinary is that the full rage and anger of Congress and the media are directed not against those responsible for carrying out massive violations of the US Constitution, but against the man who has exposed them."
Democrat Brian Schweitzer, a popular former governor of Montana whose name pops up as a possible 2016 presidential candidate, will be in Iowa to give a speech in December.
Democrat Slams GOP Congressmen For Expensing $166 A Day For Food Yet Voting To Cut Food Stamps
Democrat introduces bill that would block congressional pay during a government shutdown
Democratic and Republican Agreement: Prosecute HSBC
Democratic congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and 5 others shot in Arizona.
Democrats in Kansas were unable to kill a Republican bill to drug test welfare and unemployment recipients, but they were successful in adding an amendment that would require lawmakers to also face testing
Democrats quietly throwing presidential support behind Elizabeth Warren
Dems move to change federal pot laws, will introduce bill to end prohibition tomorrow
Dems should not hesitate to further streamline the Senate rulebook
Dems worrying about re-election prospects distancing themselves from Obama over health law rollout
Denial-of-service tool targeting Healthcare.gov site discovered
Denver police defended their decision to stand down while dozens of people smoked marijuana at pot giveaway in Civic Center Park - Police said they did not want to start a riot over a petty offense
Department of Defense announced the Military Commercial Driver's License Act of 2012. It will allow military drivers to substitute 2 years of driving certain vehicles for the skills-test portion of commercial driver's license (CDL) training. It will aid returning troops in getting jobs faster.
Despite Filibuster Limits, a Door Remains Open to Block Judge Nominees
Diane Feinstein's husband involved in major post office selling scandal. "The husband of US Senator Dianne Feinstein has been selling post offices to his friends, cheap..."
Dick Cheney has fifth heart attack, only two horcruxes remaining.
Did Glenn Beck murder a young girl in 1990?
Disabled woman denied entry to U.S. after agent cites supposedly private medical details
Dissecting Reuters' slanted poll on Iran: When did Reuters become Pravda?
Divestment in Fossil Fuels Pushed in Response to Climate-Change Inaction - "We have a government that has been taken over by the fossil-fuel industry, so we're going to pressure the fossil-fuel industry itself," Chloe Maxmin, a Harvard University student
Do-Nothing Congress Dithers on Budget as Deadline Nears. "Lawmakers’ habit of governing by crisis and temporary spending bills is hurting the economy and costing jobs."
DoD to get camouflaged bird-sized drones for recon missions
DoJ Tells Baltimore PD the right to record on-duty police officers is protected by the First Amendment
Doctors Denounce Cancer Drug Prices of $100,000 a Year: Over 100 doctors argued in a journal that prices of some drugs are unsustainable and perhaps even immoral
Documents in JPMorgan settlement reveal how every large bank in U.S. has committed mortgage fraud
Doesn’t Eat, Doesn’t Pray and Doesn’t Love
Don't just legalize marijuana, free prior offenders.
Don’t Blink, or You’ll Miss Another Bailout--The NY Fed "released Bank of America from all legal claims arising from losses in some mortgage-backed securities the Fed received."
Dr. Sanjay Gupta explains why he changed mind on weed: "We have been terribly and systematically misled for nearly 70 years in the United States, and I apologize for my own role in that."
During a speech in 1985, President Ronald Reagan said that a man who made a six figure income wanted to testify before congress to explain why he thought "paying a smaller tax" than his secretary was wrong. In 2011, President Barack Obama made the same argument about Warren Buffett's secretary.
During the government shutdown, many DC area businesses are giving deals to furloughed government workers and charging extra for members of Congress
Dylan Ratigan lost his cool on his show today, and it was a beauty to watch. A 5 min unabashed honest rant on the corruption of the American political system and how our country is being sucked dry by banks, congress and an unfair tax system.
Earlier today, Al Franken toured the U.S. Capitol building. He could have scheduled a V.I.P. tour like other Senators. Instead, he stood in line for a public tour just like the rest of us. Vote up if you think we need more folks like Al in Congress.
Editorial comic 1-12-11: Guns vs Mental Health Care
Edward Snowden Is No Traitor: "he has revealed only one secret that matters, the US government’s serial violation of the 4th Amendment to the Constitution through its collection of personal information on millions of innocent American citizens without any probable cause or search warrant."
Edward Snowden's Dad, Lon Fires Back At Obama: My Son Has Sacrifice More Than The US President
Edward Snowden: “If I defected at all, I defected from the government to the public.”
El Paso County, Colorado employee, acting for the county clerk's office, registering only Romney supporters outside of a Safeway
Election Day should be a federal holiday.
Election officials catch dead man donating $100,000 to Sen. Mitch McConnell
Elizabeth Warren - Students actually spend their loan money on surviving as consumers in a tight economy, while learning skills needed for the economy of the future. On the other hand, the already too-big-to-fail banks have used the government’s free money to become even more obscenely powerful.
Elizabeth Warren Introduces 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act
Elizabeth Warren Reignites Battle Over Student Loan Interest Rates
Elizabeth Warren Wants Big Banks To Face The Same Prosecution And Jail As Citizens
Elizabeth Warren Wants HSBC Bankers Jailed for Money Laundering
Elizabeth Warren Wants To Take This Goldman Sachs Aluminum Story And Run Right Over Wall Street With It
Elizabeth Warren Wins Senate Banking Committee Seat: Sources
Elizabeth Warren gears up: “Even today, the government provides an ongoing, stealth bailout, propping up AIG with special tax breaks — tax breaks that Congress should stop. AIG should thank American taxpayers for their help, not bite the hand that fed them for helping them out in a crisis."
Elizabeth Warren measure would forbid employers from looking at job applicant’s credit history.
Elizabeth Warren on Filibuster Reform: I want to fight for jobs for people who want to work, for millionaires and Big Oil to pay their fair share, and to hold Wall Street accountable. But here's the honest truth: we'll never do any of that if we can't get up-or-down votes in the Senate.
Elizabeth Warren opens up 6-point lead over Scott Brown in Massachusetts
Elizabeth Warren surges in new Prez poll - Rising star could eclipse Hillary
Elizabeth Warren to Obama Administration: Take the Banks to Court, Already!
Elizabeth Warren's Consumer Watchdog Forces JPMorgan to Pay $329 Million.
Elizabeth Warren: "Part of the problem we've got is that the federal government pumps billions of dollars into higher education through the federal loan program and grant program and yet asks for no accountability from the colleges."
Elizabeth Warren: "When I fought on the student loan issues last spring, every single Republican lined up against helping our students so I think the Democrats have a good record to run on. Not a perfect record. We need to do more."
Elizabeth Warren: Students should get the same loan rate as big banks
Elizabeth Warren: “Hostage tactics are the last resort for those who can’t otherwise win their fights”
End Presidential Term Limits
Eric Schmidt On Inequality: "Middle-class folks whose wages are stagnant are the global economy's biggest spenders. When they don't have money to spend, their lack of spending hurts not just them but all the companies that depend on them for revenue."
Ex-CIA Agent, Whistleblower John Kiriakou Sentenced to Prison While Torturers He Exposed Walk Free
Ex-McDonald’s employee sues because she doesn’t want her paycheck on a prepaid debit card -- The Chase card has a $1.50 ATM charge, a $5 charge for over-the-counter cash withdrawals, $1 per balance inquiry, and $.75 for online bill payment
FCC commissioner resigning to become VP at Comcast-NBC just four months after approving merger
FCC proposes free public wifi (WaPo)
FISA Court Ruled NSA Program Unconstitutional, Said NSA Misled Them
FIXED: SOPA has NOT been postponed to 2012! The Committee members who support SOPA quietly changed the hearing date to the 21st, trying to trick the American people into thinking it was over for the year. This is dirty politics and should be illegal. Fight back. Let them know this is not over.
FOIA Report Shows How Mitt Romney Avoided Paying Taxes For 15 Years
FORMER CIA OFFICER: Edward Snowden Is No Traitor
FRONTLINE "The Untouchables" examines why no Wall St. execs have faced fraud charges for the financial crisis.
FULL TEXT: Bradley Manning’s Letter To President Obama Requesting Pardon: "If you deny my request for a pardon, I will serve my time knowing that sometimes you have to pay a heavy price... I will gladly pay that price if it means we could have a country that is truly conceived in liberty..."
Family law judge (Aransas County) beats and abuses his own daughter for using the internet. She uploaded the video. [trigger warning: abuse]
Fast Track Must Be Stopped It's Unconstitutional. Giving the President Fast Track Authority would allow corporate interests to ram the TPP and similar agreements through Congress with little oversight"
Federal Appeals Court says that state law banning recording of police officers in public is unconstitutional
Federal Government Argues That Americans Have A Constitutional Right to Record the Police in Public
Federal Judge Calls for Legalizing Marijuana: Judge Posner - an intellectual giant who is the most-cited judge in America: ".. it’s really absurd to be criminalizing possession or use or distribution of marijuana. I can’t see any difference between that and cigarettes.”
Federal judge rules that a downloader's IP address is not proof of identity
Finally, a Ruling That Recognizes Snowden as a Whistleblower
First Congress Member Allowed to Read Secret Treaty Says “There Is No National Security Purpose In Keeping This Text Secret … This Agreement Hands The Sovereignty of Our Country Over to Corporate Interests”
First Openly Gay Mississippi Politician Murdered Last Week Was Beaten, Dragged And Set On Fire
First part of Stewart vs. O'Reilly, absolute slaughter. "BOOYA! That's another rap term"
First “Ag-Gag” Prosecution: A Woman in Utah is being Prosecuted for Filming a Slaughterhouse from the Street
Five myths about legalizing marijuana "When the United States’ 40-year-long war on marijuana ends, the country is not going to turn into a Cheech and Chong movie. It is, however, going to see the transfer of as much as 50 percent of cartel profits to the taxable economy."
Five myths about privacy "Even if a person is doing nothing wrong, in a free society, that person shouldn’t have to justify every action that government officials might view as suspicious. A key component of freedom is not having to worry about how to explain oneself all the time."
Florida Cops Made Millions Dealing Cocaine: The Latest Asset Forfeiture Outrage
Florida Governor Rick Scott vetoes a bill which would have sent non-violent drug offenders to rehab after serving half their sentence in jail. It was supported 40-0 in the House and 112-4 in the Senate.
Florida is banning welfare recipients from using EBT cards at "adult entertainment establishments" like strip clubs and casinos
For nearly two-thirds of American seniors, Social Security provides more than half of their income. For more than one-third of American seniors, it provides more than 90 percent of their income. And for one-quarter of American seniors, Social Security is their sole source of income.
For the First Time Ever, a Prosecutor Will Go to Jail for Wrongfully Convicting an Innocent Man
For the Record: Every State that Nate Silver Predicted was dead-on Accurate
For the past seven hours, Senator Paul has been holding the Senate floor to keep the senate from passing the patriot act without debate or amendments.
Forced to Work Sick? That's Fine With Disney, Red Lobster, and Their Friends at ALEC. America's one of the only industrialized nations that doesn't mandate paid sick leave. These guys want to keep it that way.
Forget real-time polling, and "audience reactions" during debates. Give us real-time fact checking. That's what we really want.
Former CIA agent; "If you bloggers self organize and attach yourself like leeches to specific issues, corporations, organizations, challenges, whatever, you will be the intelligence minutemen of this century, the power is in your hands."
Former Halliburton manager admits to deleting evidence of 2010 oil spill.
Former NSA Boss Calls Snowden's Supporters Internet Shut-ins; Equates Transparency Activists With Al-Qaeda
Four Years After ‘Citizens United,’ There Is Real Movement to Remove Big Money From Politics
Four years after the financial crisis, prosecutors have finally discovered what critics have been alleging repeatedly: that big banks were crooks, engaging, among other illicit practices, in secretive, illegal and conspiratorial schemes to rig baseline interest rates and manipulate credit markets
Fox News Claims Solar Won't Work in America Because It's Not Sunny Like Germany
Fox News Is Killing The Republican Party
Fox News Is Taking Karl Rove Off The Air
Fox News found to be a major driving force behind global warming denial
Fox News owner Rupert Murdoch warns Gov. Chris Christie that he must reaffirm his support for Romney or take blame for the next 4 years.
Fox News:Colorado food stamp recipients can use ATMs to get cash to buy marijuana. PolitiFact rating: FALSE
Fox says Thomas Ricks apologized for 'wing of the Republican party' comment; Ricks says no
From the workplace to our private lives, American society is starting to resemble a police state.
Fuck off America, do what you want with your own health care. Just don't slag off ours. The NHS is an excellent system, an institution and has never done any wrong to any one i know. (down vote as much you like)
GLENN GREENWALD TO MSNBC: I'm Defending Snowden Like You Defend Obama '24 Hours A Day'
GOP 'extremist movement' prompts NC congressional candidate (six-year Army veteran, Purple Heart recipient) to switch to Democrat
GOP Congressman busted for cocaine possession last month just voted to drug-test food stamp recipients
GOP Quietly Hires Firm Tied To Voter Fraud Scandal For Work In Battleground States
GOP gets 28 percent Gallup approval rating - worst ever recorded
GOP madness on display "They want deeper cuts, all from domestic programs like education and clean water...more, not less money for the military. They oppose any increase in taxes, even objecting to closing down the tax dodges that reward companies for stashing money and reporting profits abroad"
GOP misplaces their Binders full of Women, House Committee to be chaired by all men
GOP-backed bill seeks to end Ohio's adopting Common Core
Gawker publishes a massive cache of confidential financial documents that shed light on Romney's finances.
Gay Libertarian enters Washington D.C. mayor’s race
George Takei Fears NSA Spying Programs - "But unlike most people, his fears are rooted in the memory of the government persecution he suffered firsthand in a Japanese internment camp."
Georgia GOPer Attacking Free School Lunch Expensed $4,200 In Meals
Glenn Greenwald on the NSA and PRISM: "It's well past time that we have a debate about whether that's the kind of country and world in which we want to live"
Glenn Greenwald: "Remember, United States senators have full constitutional immunity against prosecution for anything that they say on the floor of the Senate... [Udall and Wyden] didn’t have the courage to tell us what those things were that they thought we should know."
Glenn Greenwald: Woman Imprisoned for Life for Minor Drug Offense; Banking Giant Immune to Justice for Massive Drug Laundering. Justice is dead in America.
Global warming deniers guilty of attack on science
GoDaddy supports SOPA, I'm transferring 51 domains &amp; suggesting a move your domain day
GoDaddy's Response to the Boycott: "Go Daddy has received some emails that appear to stem from the boycott prompt, but we have not seen any impact to our business." Reddit, Lets make them feel the impact and move your domains! Spread the word!
Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, and Facebook say they will require warrants to give over private content
Gore: Our elected representatives now spend most of their time begging rich people to give them money, begging corporations and special interests to give them money.
Gov. Christie praises Obama response to Hurricane Sandy as ‘outstanding’
Gov. Christie's office held Sandy relief money hostage, according to Hoboken mayor
Gov. Quinn of IL is halting the pay of all State Senators until they come up with a plan to solve the states pension problem.
Gov. Scott Walker Pushed By Tea Party, Conservatives To Abandon Common Core Standards
Gov. Walker's (WI-R) 80,000 job deficit: Walker quietly removes from his website promise to create 250,000 jobs in his 4 year term
Government books $41.3 billion in student loan profits: "The federal government made enough money on student loans over the last year that, if it wanted, it could provide maximum-level Pell Grants of $5,645 to 7.3 million college students."
Government in Slow Motion
Gyms for Members of Congress deemed ‘essential,’ remain open during shutdown
H.R. 5745: End Polluter Welfare Act of 2012. The 5 largest oil corporations have made more than $1,000,000,000,000 in profits in the decade prior to the date of enactment of this Act; and US taxpayers should not be subsidizing oil, natural gas, and coal companies in a period of record debt
H.R. 992. The bill that repeals aspects of Dodd-Frank allowing deregulation on aspects that caused the previous financial crisis, has passed.
H.R.2306 - Ending Federal Marijuana Prohibition Act of 2011
H.R.2306 - Ending Federal Marijuana Prohibition Act of 2011 Sponsor: Rep Frank, Barney [MA-4] - Cosponsors (20)
H.R.2818 - 113th Congress (2013-2014) - Surveillance State Repeal Act: Repeals the USA PATRIOT Act and the FISA Amendments Act of 2008
HSBC, too big to jail, is the new poster child for US two-tiered justice system. DOJ officials unblinkingly insist that the banking giant is too powerful and important to subject to the rule of law
Hacker arrested for Exposing Steubenville Rape Case Faces more Jail Time Then Convicted Rapists
Hardship in America, 2013: SNAP Cuts Are No Cause for Thanks
Hawaii Senate Passes Bill Requiring Hospitals To Offer Emergency Contraception To Rape Victims: 'A Republican lawmaker tried to amend the bill to allow hospitals to deny rape victims contraception for religious reasons, but Democrats were quick to reject it...'
Hawaii becomes the 16th state to legalize same-sex marriage.
Healthcare Isn't A Free Market, It's A Giant Economic Scam: 'so much of the debate about healthcare is really focused on "but who will pay for these things." But what it tends to ignore is why are the prices absolutely insane.'
Helen Thomas, veteran reporter, dead at 92
Hemp Gets The Green Light In New Colorado Pot Measure: Farmers are now looking to grow hemp, which doesn't have the same high-inducing effect as marijuana.
Here's The Racist 'Daily Show' Interview That Cost A Local GOP Chair His Job
Here's Who Earns The Minimum Wage, In 3 Graphs : Planet Money : NPR
Hey Reddit. My friend works for a company that is being paid by GOP Allies to post and upvote stories like this so that you'll be disillusioned and won't support the Dems. Just thought you should have all facts. (Please note that I'll probably be downvoted heavily by this and other companies.)
Hey, Reddit. I write to you from Kerr Hall at UC Santa Cruz, currently occupied by students in protest of tuition hikes. The administration is sending out emails to everyone with a @ucsc.edu address condemning us, so an upvote of support would go a long way for us.
Hi reddit. My local Congresswoman is a co-sponsor of CISPA and was going to run unopposed in the upcoming primary elections and so I decided to run against her. I got certified to be on the ballot last week.
Hi, I'm Al Franken. I Took Over $88,000 From The Entertainment Industry For My Senate Campaign, And In Return, I Support PIPA &amp; SOPA.
Hidden camera footage captures how cops react when ordinary citizens try to pick up a complaint form at their local police departments--"Take one more step towards me and see what happens."
High school teacher under investigation for saying “vagina” during anatomy lesson.
Hillary Clinton on the Internet: " ... to use an American phrase, our position is, 'If it ain’t broke, don’t fix it.' And there’s no good reason to replace an effective system with an oppressive one."
Hindu man pushed in NYC subway onto tracks by woman "because I hate Hindus and Muslims ever since 2001"
Hostess took Union members self funded pensions without their authorization to pay their debts - will not be paid back under bankruptcy
House Democrats demand Obama release ‘full legal basis’ for drone strikes
How Americans Were Deceived About Cell Phone Location Data: "Remember when multiple Obama Administration figures said the NSA doesn't collect it? That wasn't true."
How Boston Exposes America's Dark post-9/11 Bargain: We traded rights for "security," and didn't get either. "Our constitutional rights are now deemed to be partial or provisional rather than absolute, do not necessarily apply to everyone, and can be revoked by the government at any time."
How Convenient: Cancer Patient Who Complained About Obamacare Is Now Being Audited by the IRS
How Goldman Made $5 Billion By Manipulating Aluminum Inventories (and Copper is Up Next) « naked capitalism
How Privatization of NASA's The Learning Channel devolved into a for profit child exploitation channel pushing Honey Boo Boo
How U.S. spying cost Boeing a multibillion-dollar jet contract -- This week, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff made a decision she believed would hit the United States where it hurt most - its pocketbook.
How Wall Street Has Turned Housing Into a Dangerous Get-Rich-Quick Scheme—Again - Hedge funds &amp; private equity firms have quietly bought 200,000 cheap, mostly foreclosed houses in cities hardest hit by the economic meltdown.
How We're Unintentionally Defunding the National Institutes of Health And Harming Medical Research As a Result
How rich people get sentenced. Wealthy woman steals over $2 million worth of jewelry from Tiffany's and gets just a year in prison.
How the Super-Rich Are Abandoning America: The wealthiest Americans who hate "takers" enjoy $2 trillion in special tax carve outs, more than double the entire annual budget of Social Security.
Hugh Hefner: Today, in every instance of sexual rights falling under attack, you’ll find legislation forced into place by people who practice discrimination disguised as religious freedom.
Hunger Strike at Guantánamo - Prisoners say that they would rather die than remain in the purgatory of indefinite detention
Hypocrisy Overload: Dick Cheney Calls Edward Snowden a Traitor -- "Dick Cheney helped mislead the country into invading Iraq and has been convicted of war crimes, but he thinks Edward Snowden is a traitor"
Hypocrisy: If the President’s Family Purchased Voter Machines, the Uproar Would be Deafening
I am fucking tired of the fact that it is our own elected officials that are presenting the greatest threat to our civil liberties, rather than being the guardians of these civil liberties that their oath of office requires them to be.
I asked Jon Stewart about SOPA. He said he'd look into it, and mentioned it in the intro!
I compiled data on representatives who have consistently voted pro-surveillance. Here they are.
I don't care what you think about whether or not the detention clause in NDAA applies to Americans, it shouldn't apply to anyone; no human being should ever be held indefinitely, or without the right to a fair trial
I lived to See the Day when the Pope and the President of Iran are more doctrinally Flexible than the GOP
I sent a letter to Al Franken asking his position on net neutrality. This was his reply.
I think it's pretty clear Reddit won't vote for Romney and Ryan. Instead of beating a dead horse, why don't we start looking into corrupt politics in the congress, which is where the real power is?
I worked on the US drone program. The public should know what really goes on
I'm Congressman Jim McGovern, and I just introduced two constitutional amendments to overturn Citizens United, get the money out of politics, and restore "We, the people."
I'm Larry King, I'll be moderating the 3rd party debate next week &amp; want your ?s to ask the candidates - post them in the comments or up vote your favorite ones #AskEmLarry
I've had a vision and I can't shake it: Colbert needs to hold a satirical rally in DC.
I've honestly never come across a dumber human being.
IBM's Watson should co-host a presidential debate, and fact-check the shit out of it in real-time.
Idaho to take back control of privately run state prison | World news
If a Drone Strike Hit an American Wedding We'd Ground Our Fleet - Conor Friedersdorf
If this were happening in any other country, Americans would be aghast. A sentence of life in prison, without the possibility of parole, for trying to sell $10 of marijuana to an undercover officer? For sharing LSD at a Grateful Dead concert?
If you vote Ken Cuccinelli for Virginia governor, he’ll keep your children safe from sexual predators by making all oral and anal sex—between everyone, even married couples—a felony that carries a sentence of a year in prison
If you were wrongly foreclosed on, you could be entitled to $125,000+ from the banks that harmed you. Why is the media not talking about this more?
Illinois Senate approves gay marriage
Illinois candidate for governor channels Scott Walker's regular guy shtick : Ct
In 'Chilling' Ruling, Chevron Granted Access to Activists' Private Internet Data
In 2001 the NSA contacted the CEO of Qwest Joseph P. Nacchio and said they wanted to wiretap every customer. He said no. All Govt contracts with Qwest worth billions were cancelled and Nacchio is now sitting in federal prison.
In North Carolina, a hard-right shift hits a roadblock
In U.S., Perceived Need for Third Party Reaches New High
In a 5-4 decision, Supreme Court rules that people arrested for any offense, no matter how minor, can be strip-searched during processing.
In a memo to Obama, former NSA insiders explain how NSA leaders botched intelligence collection and analysis before 9/11, covered up the mistakes, and violated the constitution, all while wasting billions of dollars and misleading the public.
In an astounding, little-reported act of hubris, Senate Republicans apparently killed a study by the non-partisan Congressional Research Service when its findings contradicted their favorite economic myth: that giving tax cuts to the rich helps anyone but themselves.
In his acceptance speech, Paul Ryan says that Obama killed the debt commission plan. Ryan is blaming Obama for killing a plan that he himself actually killed.
In less than a month, Terry Williams will be executed for murdering the man who repeatedly abused and raped him over the 5 years prior. (This last important detail was not allowed in the trial, and even the jurors have withdrawn their support.)
In the end Obama is not afraid of whistleblowers like me, Bradley Manning or Thomas Drake. We are stateless, imprisoned, or powerless. No, the Obama administration is afraid of you. It is afraid of an informed, angry public demanding the constitutional govt it was promised - and it should be.
In the past week Arnold Schwarzenegger told big oil to STFU and GTFO of California elections &amp; vote no on prop 23, he decriminalized possession of 1 ounce of weed, he signed a bill aiding gay youths, created the first healthcare exchange in the USA, and now has budget deal and he is a Republican.
In the years following Aum Shinrikyo's terrorist subway attack in 1995, Japan did not live in a post-Aum world. They did not allow their day-to-day lives to be defined by those attacks.
Indiana passes law that will allow citizens to shoot police officers who illegally enter their homes
Internet, listen up. ACTA is scarier than both PIPA and SOPA, and it will be signed soon. Do your part
Investigating the Saudi Arabia 9/11 Connection
Iowa's GOP governor proposes $187 million increase in public-school funding. "Ninety-eight percent of the kids in Iowa go to public schools. I went to a public school and got a great education."
Irony Alert: Pentagon Now Sees Big Data As "National Security Threat"
Is it time to get rid of the $1 bill? -- Government officials say switching to $1 coins would save taxpayers $4.4 billion
Is there anyone else out there that wants to see the debates be moderated by Jon Stewart?
Is this the laziest Congress ever? "On Monday, simply by doing nothing, they allowed the interest rate on student loans to double. That might be permissible if they were busy with more important things, like inventing a cure for cancer...But they’re not even working this week."
Israel's anger with US likely to be taken out on Palestinians
It Is Immoral to Cage Humans for Smoking Marijuana
It appears that the Department of Justice won't be investigating Scott Olsen's police brutality claim - "When Egypt teargassed and beat protestors in Tahrir Square, the world, including the Obama administration, howled in outrage."
It was finally confirmed that the NYPD detained a PBS WNET journalist for 9 hours during the “Occupy Wall Street” protests when he tried to to interview the women who were peppersprayed without cause
It's High Time We Abolished the Department of Homeland Security
It's Not OK That Your Employees Can't Afford to Eat | Harvard Business Review
It's official: Elizabeth Colbert Busch, sister of Stephen Colbert, is the Democratic nominee for South Carolina's open House seat.
It's time to end the War on Marijuana -- "The aggressive enforcement of marijuana possession laws needlessly ensnares hundreds of thousands of people into the criminal justice system and wastes billions of taxpayers’ dollars. What’s more, it is carried out with staggering racial bias."
I’m Senator Ron Wyden and wanted to say thank you to Reddit and the rest of the Internet.
JP Morgan Facing $500 Million Fine For Manipulating Energy Prices Just Like Enron
JP Morgan’s Frauds are Epic, Unprecedented in World History
James Bamford: "The NSA has no constitutional right to secretly obtain the telephone records of every American citizen on a daily basis, subject them to sophisticated data mining and store them forever. It's time government officials are charged with criminal conduct, including lying to Congress"
Jimmy Carter: 'I think it's OK' to legalize marijuana
Jimmy Wales: I am proud to announce that the Wikipedia domain names will move away from GoDaddy. Their position on #sopa is unacceptable to us.
Joe Arpaio Offers Inmates, Fed Only Twice A Day, 56-Cent Thanksgiving Meal
Joe Biden quote: “Don't tell me what you value, show me your budget, and I'll tell you what you value.”
Joe Biden's Case That Waging War Without Congress Is an Impeachable Offense
John Boehner Confesses That He Rejected Obama’s Budget Offer Without Reading It
John Bolton dodges question from anti-war vet about blowback, insults him; Fox edits out the audience booing and replaces with it applause.
John Huntsman: "I will not be attending this year's convention, nor any Republican convention in the future, until the party focuses on...a future based on problem solving, inclusiveness, and a willingness to address the trust deficit"
John Kerry sells a war that Americans aren't buying: If Congress approves military action in Syria, they will fail to represent the people who elected them.
John Kerry’s leverage diplomacy
John McCain Calls Out Tea Party Lies, Says GOP “Did the American People a Great Disservice”
John McCain: Citizens United Is 'Worst Decision Ever' ... 'Money Is Money,' Not Free Speech
John Oliver: Mr. President, no one is saying you broke any laws, we're just saying it's a little bit weird you didn't have to.
John Pike, the pepper spray cop from UC Davis, is no longer a cop. His employment ends today.
Jon Stewart Returns To "The Daily Show," Compares Obama's Syria Plans To Bush's War in Iraq
Jon Stewart Tears Apart CNN For ‘Completely F*cking Wrong’ Boston Reporting: ‘Human Centipede Of News’
Jon Stewart and Bill O'Reilly to hold 90 minute, live streaming debate on October 6
Jon Stewart decided to Stand with Rand on his show tonight, praising Senator Rand Paul for using the filibuster 'the way it’s meant to be used' and commenting that "drone oversight is one [issue] certainly worth kicking up a fuss for."
Jon Stewart mocks ‘bullsh*t mountain’ Fox News over secret Romney video | The Raw Story
Jon Stewart on Apple CEO Tim Cook complaining about taxes: "That's the rub of this entire exercise. Corporations are the only reason the tax code is so complicated in the first place. Those off-shore loopholes didn't get carved out by poor people."
Jon Stewart on GOP hypocrisy over the VP issue
Jon Stewart on Papa John: Let’s Stop Pretending Bosses Have Transformed into Assholes Because of Obamacare
Jon Stewart on the GOP, 'If a woman wants to have a baby via IVF she can't. Rape? she has to.'
Jon Stewart parodied Glenn Beck for over 8 minutes on last nights show
Jon Stewart rips Obama for aggressive investigation of whistle-blowers instead of bankers
Jon Stewart: "News networks aren't invested in right or wrong, they're invested in momentum. You can take us to war based on false intelligence and pretense, but God forbid you rev us up for war and you don't deliver."
Jon Stewart: "Oh, so with guns, the Constitution is iron-clad. But with terrorism, it's a list of suggestions."
Jon Stewart: Why Is the Media Ignoring Ron Paul?
Journalists Arrested At Hearing By Order Of House Republicans -- In a stunning break with First Amendment policy, House Republicans directed Capitol Hill police to detain a highly regarded documentary crew attempting to film a Wednesday hearing on a controversial natural gas procurement practice.
Judge Finds Cop Not Guilty of Assault after Refusing to Watch Video of Assault |Intellihub.com
Judge Rules That NSA Can Only Spy On Phone Records Of 6.7 Billion Non-Americans
Judge fires longtime court employee for providing document that helped free innocent man imprisoned 29 years
Judge must serve 28 years for making 2 million dollars sending children to jail
Judge rules that unpaid film interns were actually employees and are entitled to wages, also rules that a group of Fox interns are able to bring a class action suit. Could end up having implications for unpaid internships all across the nation
Judge to Sikh Man: Remove “That Rag” or Go to Jail
Jury Finds Occupy Wall Street Protester Innocent After Video Contradicts Police Testimony - New York - News
Just a reminder for President Obama: That whole NSA controversy thing? Yeah, it's not gonna go away. It's been months now, and its growing. You need to clean house instead of sweeping things under the rug.
Just a reminder: It's been two months since the 'Pardon Snowden' petition has passed the response threshold. The White House has yet to answer.
Justice Antonin Scalia asked Olson when exactly it became unconstitutional to bar gays and lesbians from marrying. Was it 1791? 1868? Mr. Olson responded with a question of his own: When did it become unconstitutional to ban interracial marriage?
Kansans sign petion to classify Westboro Baptist as a hate group and be stripped of tax exempt status
Karzai says U.S. drone strike killed child, won’t sign security deal if similar attacks continue
Katie Couric: "You said that Obama has a hatred for white culture. WTF is white culture?" Beck: "Umm, uhh, umm... the real story here is that Obama is racist."
Kentucky to become most recent state to stop using private prisons.
Kickstarter funded documentary catches the struggle to change Texas textbooks to a more conservative and Christian bent. Short version: it's crazier than you thought.
Know your voting rights: STAY IN THE LINE! If you're in line when the polls close, they have to let you vote.
Koch Bros Behind Arizona's Solar Power Fines
Koch Brother Wages 12-Year Fight Over Wind Farm - claims the "visual pollution" would impact his "family compound"
Kochs and Republicans launch bid to snuff out wind-energy tax incentives. “Oil and gas have received over $4.8 billion each year in government subsidies over 90 years.”
L.A. sheriff: Pay for preschool, not prisons "The man who runs the nation’s largest jail system came to Washington on Monday to promote what he considers a potent tool in crime-fighting: universal pre-school. 'Either you have to pay now, or you’re going to have to pay a guy like me later' Baca said"
L.A. to go after Vegas hospital accused of dumping more than 1500 patients across state lines, including a "paraplegic, still dressed in his hospital gown and connected to a catheter bag, found dragging himself along a gutter"
Lamar Smith, the scumbag behind SOPA, is up for re-election this year. Let's make sure his opponent wins!
Lamar Smith, who authored SOPA and doesn't believe in climate change, has been appointed as chair of the House Science Committee.
Latest Leak Shows NSA Engaging In Economic Espionage -- Not Fighting Terrorism
Lavabit, the private email service Snowden reportedly used, makes a decision between "becoming complicit in crimes against the American people or walking away from nearly ten years of hard work by shutting down Lavabit". So Lavabit will be shutting down
Lawmakers: Obstacles limited oversight of NSA "Even if members know about it, they can’t say it..Even when it comes up for renewal, you say, We have to change the law with this language. Why? You can’t say. How do you get political support to change a law when you can’t say the reason?" -Rep. Nadler
Lawrence Lessig succinctly explains (10min) how money dominates our legislature. Last time this was posted it got one upvote, and the video on Youtube has 1,148 views.
LeVar Burton furious over Romney’s attack on PBS: “I am personally outraged that any serious contender for the White House would target as part of his campaign the children of America in this fashion,”
Legalise marijuana, tax it – and end NYC's wrongheaded war on pot "...why not regulate the city's $1.65bn marijuana market – and use the tax revenues to cut City University tuition in half? Instead of sending kids to the courthouse, let's send them to college"
Legalising marijuana in America could deal a huge blow to Mexico's drug traffickers - The Economist
Legalizing Marijuana Does Not Mean the U.S. Would Lose Ground to China: High incarceration, not marijuana use, poses a great threat to American competitiveness
Legalizing Pot Makes Police Departments Poorer
Let's Be Blunt: It's Time to End the Drug War - Forbes
Let's Give Every NSA Employee an Anonymous Whistleblowing Opportunity
Let's get Reddit Inc. interested in opposing CISPA.
Let's kill the electoral college so we never have to pay attention to Ohio and Florida again
Leticia Van De Putte, Texas Senator: GOP Should Be Investigated For Changing Abortion Vote Timestamp
Let’s Applaud Elizabeth Warren And John McCain For Their Bank Bill Before Lobbyists Murder It To Death
Let’s give pot smokers a little leeway "The 'war on drugs' hasn’t made a dent in the popularity of pot. Nor, after decades of common use, has it been proved to be the evil weed of 'Reefer Madness.' How much better to have dedicated our resources to education and treatment rather than, prohibition"
Let’s stop wrecking lives over a bag of weed "Public safety is not enhanced by locking up people for small amounts of pot. In fact, public safety is compromised, and society pays a hefty price, when law enforcement turns harmless young pot users into “lawbreakers”
Libertarians Sue to Have Romney Kicked Off Washington Ballot - claim he failed to qualify under WA law.
Limbaugh sarcastically suggests that we build a Hindu Temple next to Pearl Harbor and a Mosque next to the Pentagon... without realizing that Shinto, not Hinduism, is the most common religion in Japan, and there is already a Mosque inside the Pentagon and a Shinto temple next to Pearl Harbor.
Lizz Winstead, co-creator of Daily Show, launches Lady Parts Justice - It is time to ask, “Why the fuck are men and women who are inexcusably incompetent continually being elected into statehouses, governorships and THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS?
Looting the Pension Funds - All across America, Wall Street is grabbing money meant for public workers
Louise Slaughter (D-Va): It's An 'Atrocity' That Republicans Rigged Rules To Continue Shutdown. House rules typically allow any member, Republican or Democrat, to call up a Senate-passed bill for a vote. But on Sept. 30 Republicans on the House Rules Committee changed the rule to prevent that.
Louisiana is the world's prison capital (Incarceration rate highest in US, triple Iran's, seven times China's. Most prisoners are in privately owned prisons. Prison profits help pay for law enforcement. Strong chain of incentives for local sheriffs to keep prisons full)
MARINES TO OAKLAND POLICE: 'You Did This To My Brother.' Marines around the world are outraged by the injuries inflicted by police on Scott Olsen at Tuesday's Occupy Oakland protests
MSNBC Host: "maybe ending the War on Drugs is the best gun control measure we can enact"
Major League Soccer WILL NOT renew their partnership with Boy Scouts of America after this season
Majority Say Federal Government Should Back Off States Where Marijuana Is Legal.
Man begged for his life as police beat him to death: "They (deputies) jumped out, reached for their bats, and beat that man until they killed him right in front of my face," said witness Jason Land. Land said the deputies behaved like "animals."
Man stranded in Hawaii due to being placed on 'No Fly List', "It's scary to know that something like this can happen in a free country. You're not accused of any crime. You haven't been contacted by anyone. No investigation has been done. No due process has taken place."
Man with Downs Syndrome elegantly responds to Ann Coulter calling President Obama a retard
Manning given 35 years for leaks
Marijuana Advocates Call On White House To Fire DEA Chief
Marijuana Legalization: Colo. Gov. Hickenlooper Signs First Bills In History To Establish A Legal, Regulated Pot Market For Adults
Marijuana Smell Not Enough for Traffic Stop: Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court rules a police officer may no longer search a motorist merely on the basis of smelling pot
Marijuana is Illegal Because It Is a Major Source of Funding For Law Enforcement
Mass protests planned over web NSA spying revelations
Mass. Activists Push To Fully Legalize Marijuana
Matt Damon: "The problem today isn't civil disobedience, it is civil obedience... Our problem is the numbers of people all over the world who have obeyed the dictates of the leaders of their government and have gone to war, and millions have been killed because of this obedience."
Matt Damon: Snowden did a great thing
Matt Fisher won’t get his sister back. But he succeeded in rallying the Internet against insurer Progressive after exposing how the company defended his sister’s killer in court to avoid paying the balance on her policy.
Matt Taibbi - Rolling Stone has since learned that a whistleblower complaint has been filed to the SEC identifying 16 of the world's biggest banks and hedge funds as the allegedly even-earlier recipients of this key economic data, anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour ahead of the rest of the markets.
Matt Taibbi: You Can Go to Prison for Pot, While Big Banks Get Away With Laundering Drug Cartel Cash
Mayor Bloomberg Loves Security Cameras Everywhere... Until His Police Are Ordered To Wear Them
McCain Campaign's Full 2008 File On Mitt Romney
McCain To Fox News: No, The Shutdown Is The GOP's Fault
McCain caught playing poker on phone during Syria hearing
McCaskill Introduces Bill To Cut Pay During Sequestration. Senator calls on colleagues to take a pay cut until a balanced compromise can be reached.
McD's worker sues: Don't pay by debit card
McDonald's Tells Its Employees to Sign Up for Food Stamps
McDonalds’ suggested budget for employees shows just how impossible it is to get by on minimum wage
Medical Marijuana-Hating Assemblyman Caught With Marijuana Gets Charges Dismissed - NY State Assemblyman Steve Katz, arrested for pot possession last month after voting against legalization of medical marijuana, won't be forced to feel full weight of his hypocrisy.
Medical marijuana to go to ballot, Florida Supreme Court rules
Meet the Americans Who've Lost Their Unemployment Benefits: "I'm Thoroughly Petrified" - "When you apply for a job at 50 people laugh at you. When you apply for a job at 65 people just look at you like you are crazy."
Meet the Prison Profiteers. They’re Worse than You Think
Megaupload to sue Universal for wrongfully taking down its content from YouTube; enters SOPA debate, calling for like-minded people to join forces and fight for an Internet without censorship
Melinda Gates pledges $560,000,000 for contraception.
Member of the Westboro Baptist Church is running for Kansas State Board of Education seat
Members of Joint Chief of Staff have a revolutionary proposal: invest less in the military, more in our youth and the country's real problems.
Miami Gardens police have arrested Sampson 62 times for one offense: trespassing. Almost every citation was issued at the same place: the 207 Quickstop, a convenience store. But Sampson isn’t loitering. He works as a clerk at the Quickstop.
Michael Moore: The Affordable Care Act is a pro-insurance-industry plan implemented by a president who knew in his heart that a single-payer, Medicare-for-all model was the true way to go. Now that it has finally arrived, we can stop defending its flaws and argue instead for universal healthcare.
Michele Bachmann Is Ending Her Presidential Run
Michelle Obama has no interest in being president
Millionaire Congressman votes to cut food stamp aid for poor constituents but uses taxpayer-funded office account to reimburse himself for meals
Minimum Wage Was Once Enough To Keep a Family of 3 Out of Poverty
Minnesota House votes 75-59 to legalize same sex marriage in Minnesota.
Missed the link in the reddit sidebar? Click here to sign the petition and join redditors in fighting back against SOPA!
Mississippi's first openly gay candidate for mayor is found murdered and his body dumped on a riverbank
Missouri Man Serving Life Without Parole for Marijuana Asks Governor for Clemency
Missouri man arrested at hospital for refusing to leave gay partner
Mitch McConnell: Senate's 'nuclear option' could escalate war on coal
Mitt Romney confirms he would end US wind power subsidies
Mitt Romney debates himself.
Mitt Romney's 5 Point Plan is the Exact Same Plan as McCain in '08 and Bush in '04
Mitt Romney, On 60 Minutes, Cites Emergency Room As Health Care Option For Uninsured
Mitt's Media Blackout: 22 Days and Counting Since Romney Answered a Question from the Press.
Moderator notice regarding a vote-registration submission yesterday; how to actually register to vote
Montana Quietly Passed a Measure That Says Corporations Aren't Humans | Motherboard
More Marijuana Arrests in US Than Apprehensions for Violence in 2011: A National Disgrace
Mortgages Without Risk, at Least for the Banks
Movement Strengthens: Oregon Becomes the 16th State to Call for an Amendment to Overturn Citizens United
NFL Punter Chris Kluwe Explains Gay Marriage To The Maryland Politician Who Is Offended By An NFL Player Supporting It (NSFW Language)
NPR has now formally adopted the idea of being fair to the truth, rather than simply to competing sides
NSA 'routinely' shares US intel with Israel - new Snowden leak
NSA Admits: There Have Been A Bunch Of Intentional Abuses, Including Spying On Love Interests
NSA Director Alexander Admits He Lied about Phone Surveillance Stopping 54 Terror Plots
NSA Rejecting Every FOIA Request Made by U.S. Citizens
NSA Spying Risks $35 Billion in U.S. Technology Sales
NSA Spying: Remember when the PATRIOT act was rushed through congress within 48 hours of the final draft? Congress has been broken for a long time now.
NSA Whistleblower: Everyone in US under virtual surveillance, all info stored, no matter the post
NSA Wrongly Says Warrantless Mobile-Phone Location Tracking Is Legal
NSA chief slams "transparency culture," compares Snowden to Boston Bombers
NSA memo pushed government to 'rethink' 4th Amendment in 2001, before 9/11 even happened
NSA paid millions to cover Prism compliance costs for tech companies
NSA reports were “a startling indication that the U.S. has been a remarkably irresponsible steward of the Internet”. Now, New Jersey Representative, Rush D. Holt, proposes legislation that would prohibit the NSA from installing "back doors" into encryption.
NSA spied on 'World of Warcraft' and Xbox Live online games
NSA story cuts into Obama’s popularity with young voters
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden: 'I do not expect to see home again'
NY Times editorial by Gitmo detainee: "I will not eat until they restore my dignity. I’ve been detained at Guantánamo for 11 years and three months. I have never been charged with any crime. I have never received a trial."
NYC alarms with notice: ‘Immediately surrender your rifle’
NYPD Officer Sent To Psych Ward By Superiors After Reporting Corruption
NYPD are blocking a sidewalk and asking for corporate identification in order for people to get through. People trying to access public transportation are being denied. Police check points and identification- what year is it and where the hell do we live?
NYPD officers caught on tape brutally beating 19y/o. Cops claimed teen had marijuana, a bag containing crack residue, and that he struck first. Now, surveillance video obtained by New York One shows confrontation was unprovoked - and the charges against the teen are false
NYPD officers testify stop-and-frisk policy driven by quota system and race: Officer secretly recorded conversation with his supervisor in which he is apparently told to target 'male blacks 14 to 21'
NYPD's controversial 'Stop and Frisk' policy ruled unconstitutional
NYT: Considering the enormous value of the information he has revealed, and the abuses he has exposed, Mr. Snowden deserves better than a life of permanent exile, fear and flight. He may have committed a crime to do so, but he has done his country a great service.
Naked TSA protester found NOT GUILTY
Nate Silver Correctly Predicted 49/50 States In 2008, And Perfectly Predicted The Election This Year
Nationwide GOP Voter Registration Fraud Scandal Widens, Becomes Criminal Matter in Florida
Native American teen in Alabama is being denied her diploma and fined $1,000 for wearing a symbolic feather during the graduation ceremony, violating school policy.
Nearly 30,000 inmates across two-thirds of California’s 33 prisons are entering into their fourth day of what has become the largest hunger strike in California history.
Nearly 400,000 People Call On Macy's To Dump Donald Trump
Nebraska Representative "cannot handle" giving up pay in shutdown due to having "a nice house and a kid in college"
Netanyahu speaking candidly, not realizing cameras are on: "America won't get in our way, it's easily moved."
Netflix’s secret weapon in the net neutrality fight: "In a letter to investors, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings and CFO David Wells warned that if broadband providers start charging a toll for reaching U.S. Internet subscribers, Netflix and its users would revolt."
Nevada Family Says Police Occupation of Homes Violated the Third Amendment
New Bill: 'One Subject at a Time - Purpose: "To end the practice of including more than one subject in a single bill by requiring that each bill enacted by Congress be limited to only one subject"
New Hampshire House Votes To Prohibit Private Prisons, countering progress the industry has made elsewhere around the country.
New Hampshire lawmakers to vote on issuing free ski passes ... to themselves
New Jersey voters overwhelmingly approved a constitutional amendment to raise the minimum wage $1, to $8.25 an hour, and add automatic cost-of-living increases each year.
New Mexico Man pulled over for alleged DUI. Never given trial. Instead, placed in solitary confinement for 22 months. He was neglected so long that his toenails grew so long that they curled around his foot.
New Mexico Republican Official Caught on Video Illegally Teaching Voter Surpression Tactics
New Mexico man says he was anally probed 8 times after routine traffic stop: David Eckert was stopped by Deming police after rolling through stop sign, according to lawsuit. He claims he was then subjected to digital searches for drugs, then enemas and a colonoscopy.
New Obama Admin Rule: Mental Illness, Addictions Must Be Covered Same As Physical Disease
New evidence: CIA and MI6 were told before invasion that Iraq had no active WMD
New poll shows Elizabeth Warren could be a formidable Democratic party presidential nominee in 2016
News of the World phone hacking whistleblower found dead
Newt Gingrich on his first wife, Jackie Battley: "She's not young enough or pretty enough to be the wife of the President. And besides, she has cancer."
Newt Gingrich: “I will bet you, for most of you, you go home in the next two weeks when your members of Congress are home, and you look them in the eye and you say, ‘What is your positive replacement for Obamacare?’ They will have zero answer”
No Arrests on Wall Street, But Over 7,700 Americans Have Been Arrested Protesting Big Banks
No Austerity for Military Budget in 2014: "The bill is a massive spending program on the war economy with no justification in a time of austerity and limited security threats."
No one has gone to jail for crashing the world economy, torture or unconstitutional wiretaps. There is however room in our jails for people who share files or smoke pot. This is not a justice system. It is an exploitation system.
No single financial institution should be so large that its failure would cause catastrophic risk to millions of American jobs or to our nation's economic wellbeing. If an institution is too big to fail, it is too big to exist.
No, thanks: Stop saying “support the troops” -- Compulsory patriotism does nothing for soldiers who risk their lives -- but props up those who profit from war
Noam Chomsky: We’re no longer a functioning democracy, we’re really a plutocracy
North Carolina Just Gave Millionaires A Tax Cut, Raised Taxes On The Poorest 900,000 Working Families
Notably, the Hobby Lobby used to have an employee insurance plan that covered the very same birth control methods it now claims violate its religious freedoms.
Now Just 0.01 Percent of Climate Scientists (But 58% of Congressional Republicans) Reject Global Warming
Now we know: the United States of America is partially governed by a deep state, undemocratic, secret, aligned with intelligence agencies, spying on friend and foe, lawless in almost every respect.
Now's Not the Time for Liberals to Say "I Told You So" About Obamacare
Obama (2007): "That means no more illegal wiretapping of American citizens. No more national security letters to spy on citizens who are not suspected of a crime. No more tracking citizens who do nothing but protest a misguided war. No more ignoring the law when it is inconvenient." [VIDEO]
Obama Administration Claims NSA Spying Cannot be Challenged in Court
Obama Administration Has Declared War On Whistleblowers, Describes Leaks As 'Aiding The Enemy'
Obama Administration Revives SOPA Proposal To Make Unauthorized Streaming A Felony.
Obama And First Lady Visit Protesters Fasting In Support Of Immigration Reform: "I want them to know we hear you. We're with you. The whole country hears you."
Obama Approves Major Border-Crossing Fracked Gas Pipeline Used to Dilute Tar Sands
Obama Has Charged More Under Espionage Act Than All Other Presidents Combined
Obama Is Asked What Donald Trump Has Against Him: “This all dates back to when we were growing up together in Kenya.”
Obama Pushes for Warrantless Access to Phone Data... Again -- White House petitions Supreme Court to declare the practice lawful as public outrage over NSA warrantless spying continues to grow
Obama Should Commit to a Trillion-Dollar Infrastructure Plan -- A five-year project to build our decaying infrastructure would cost roughly a trillion dollars. It would create jobs now; it would be ultra-cheap at current interest rates; and it would promote growth in the future
Obama To Boehner: Higher Taxes On The Wealthy Or The Bush Tax Cuts Expir
Obama Visits Activists Fasting for Immigration
Obama administration asks Supreme Court to allow warrantless cellphone searches
Obama at UN: I accept that people are going to call me awful things every day, and I will always defend their right to do so.
Obama can’t point to a single time the NSA call records program prevented a terrorist attack
Obama diagnoses GOP nominee with 'Romnesia': "We've got to name this condition that he's going through, I think it's called Romnesia....If you say you're for equal pay for equal work, but you keep refusing to sign a bill that protects equal pay for equal work, you might have Romnesia."
Obama invites all House Republicans to White House meeting - nearly all decline
Obama on Akin: "Rape is rape. The idea that we should be parsing types of rape doesn't make sense to the American people or to me. What these comments do underscore is why we shouldn't have a bunch of politicians, a majority of whom are men, making health care decisions on behalf of women."
Obama says marijuana ‘no more dangerous than alcohol’
Obama tearing up as he thanks his staff today
Obama to Boehner: 'Hold a vote. Call a vote right now. Let's see what happens'
Obama to sign an executive order requiring janitors, construction workers and others working for federal contractors be paid at least $10.10 an hour
Obama visits immigration activists
Obama wants to retire the penny.
Obama will pay for his $447 billion jobs plan by ending a series of tax breaks for oil and gas companies, hedge-fund managers and people making more than $200000
Obama wins the Presidency!
Obama's Response To NSA Was To Appease The Public, Not Reduce The Spying
Obama's goal: Avoid 'Mission Accomplished' moment
Obama's re-election could mean the end of a conservative Supreme Court for the first time in over 40 years.
Obama's top 5 contributors are the University of California, Microsoft, Google, DLA Piper and Harvard University. Romney's top 5 contributors are Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and Credit Suisse.
Obama: "I smoked pot as a kid, and I view it as a bad habit and a vice, not very different from the cigarettes that I smoked as a young person up through a big chunk of my adult life. I don't think it is more dangerous than alcohol"
Obama: "There are no winners here. These last few weeks have inflicted completely unnecessary damage on our economy. Probably nothing has done more damage to American credibility in the world than the spectacle we have seen in the last couple of weeks."
Obama: "There aren't a lot of functioning democracies around the world that work this way, where you can basically have millionaires and billionaires bankrolling whoever they want, however they want, in some cases undisclosed"
Obama: "We've expanded Pell Grants for millions of people. We did it by taking $60 billion that was going to banks and lenders as middlemen for the student loan program, and we said, 'Let's just cut out the middleman. Let's give the money directly to students." Fact check: True.
Obama: 'Nowhere to go but up'
Obama: Guantanamo is not necessary to keep America safe," he said. "It is expensive. It is inefficient. It hurts us in terms of our international standing. It lessens cooperation with our allies on counter-terrorism efforts. It is a recruitment tool for extremists. It needs to be closed.
Obama: Science funding shouldn't be 'subject to politics'
Obama:"For the first time in nearly two decades, we produce more oil here in the United States than we buy from the rest of the world." Politifact rating: TRUE
ObamaCare: There were literally 50 plans that were better than my current insurance -- both with lower premiums, lower out-of-pocket costs and better coverage
Obamacare’s Secret Success: "The news on health costs is, in short, remarkably good. You won’t hear much about this good news until and unless the Obamacare website gets fixed."
Obamas visit immigration fasters
Ohio Republican Senator Rob Portman comes out in favor of gay marriage after son comes out as gay.
Ohio Republicans are allowing early voting in Republican districts, striking it down in Democratic districts.
Ohio soup kitchen slams Ryan: "He did nothing"
Oklahoma Teens Will Be Tried As Adults for Murder of Athlete
Oklahoma senator: Tornado aid “totally different” from Sandy aid
On August 20, the Obama administration went to court to shield the perpetrators of war crimes in Iraq. On August 21, American authorities handed down a savage sentence to an individual who helped expose certain of those crimes. Things could hardly be clearer.
On Monday, President Obama quietly signed a bill repealing the major provisions of the much-touted ethics law known as the STOCK Act (which banned insider trading)
On October 1st, HR 368 changed the standing rules of the House to take away from any member of the House the privilege of calling up the Senate bill to immediately reopen the government.
On The Prospect Of Blackmail By The NSA: "Sometimes when I hear public officials speaking out in defense of NSA spying, I can't help thinking, even if just for a moment, 'what if the NSA has something on that person and that's why he or she is saying this?'"
On an illegally wiretapped recording, President Lyndon B. Johnson caught Richard Nixon prolonging the Vietnam War to win the 1968 presidential election; over 15,000 more Americans were killed in Vietnam.
On illegal immigration, more cities are rolling out a welcome mat
On the Boston Bombings: "I’m safe. You are safe. 99.999999% of the country is safe. But there never is a completely safe, and there never will be. I refuse to give up another right to prevent another 'Boston.' The bomber isn't the only one who wants you to be afraid. Remember that."
On the issue of press freedom, Obama is the worst president. He has attempted to prosecute more journalists and sources than that of any other commander-in-chief and has established an abysmal record on Freedom of Information Act compliance.
One CAT scan and a 2 hour ER visit = $10,254. If you don't support health care reform, fuck you.
One Clue To Romney's Veep Pick: Whose Wiki Page Is Getting The Most Edits? - Sen. Rob Portman's wiki page is in the lead, with 16 edits so far today.
One of the reasons Barack Obama won was that he had the 'no religion' vote by a huge margin.
Opinion: Boehner is leader in name only | "Never before in American history has the Speaker lost control of his caucus to people who are not elected members of the House."
Order That Police Wear Cameras Stirs Unexpected Reactions: Mayor Bloomberg calls video cameras for NYPD "a nightmare."
Oregon Tea Party Chairman hasn't paid mortgage in three years - after criticizing government for being fiscally irresponsible.
Oregon election worker fired for altering ballots to Republican straight ticket
Oregon wants to add a mileage tax to energy efficient cars that get over 55 mpg to offset the loss in revenue from taxes on gasoline.
Outrage After US Judge Says: "If she didn’t want sex, her body should've just shut down" &amp; reduces sentence of attacker by 10 years. Judge Johnson was making the comments in the case of a man who threatened to mutilate the face &amp; genitals of his ex-girlfriend with a heated screwdriver.
Over 865,200 Gallons of Fracked Oil Spill in ND, Public In Dark For Days Due to Government Shutdown
Over two decades, the Boy Scouts of America failed to report hundreds of alleged child molesters to police and often hid the allegations from parents and the public.
PBS kills documentary about Koch Brothers out of fear of losing David Koch's millions.
PIPA support collapses, with 13 new Senators opposed
Panera Bread CEO trying to live on food stamps ($4.50 per day): “I can’t even go into a Panera.”
Papa John's says they'll increase the cost of pizza by about 50c in response to ObamaCare. Is anyone else annoyed they didn't do that earlier so all their employees could be insured?
Park Service to Congress: Only YOU Can Prevent Government Shutdowns - Planning for another shutdown "is not a responsible alternative to simply making the political commitment to provide appropriations for all the vital functions the federal government performs."
Pat Robertson stuns audience by insisting Earth is much older than 6000 years. "If you fight science you're going to lose your children, and I believe in telling it the way it was."
Patriot act may be taken out of effect rolling back to pre-9/11 security measures.
Paul Ryan Talks Space Exploration, Accuses Obama of ‘Dismantling’ the Program. Obama campaign reacted to Ryan’s comment by noting that Ryan voted against NASA funding twice in the 2008 and 2010 NASA Authorization Acts
Paul Ryan promises Focus on the Family that he will fight gay equality
Paul Ryan's Soup Kitchen stunt caught on video. (5 minutes oh hasty scrambling while you hear shutters going off in the background - does nothing and leaves)
Pelosi booed at Netroots while defending espionage charges against Snowden
Pentagon: Who We're At War With Is Classified
Peter Buffett (son of Warren): We need to shatter current structures and systems to create a society that creates greater prosperity for all. But as long as most folks are patting themselves on the back for charitable acts, we’ve got a perpetual poverty machine.
Peter King near tears, threatens to quit Republican Party for blocking Sandy relief: “Boehner is the one,” the New York Republican explained. “He walked off the floor. He refused to tell us why. He refused to give us any indication or warning whatsoever…”
Phoenix mayor lives off food stamp budget for a week. "Occasionally I'd have a cup of coffee and skip a meal in order to make it through."
Physicist Elected to Congress Calls for More Scientists-Statesmen
Playing politics saps Heritage credibility
Please God, Make this happen.
Plumber asks Obama spontaneous question. Obama spends four minutes giving him a detailed, cogent, respectful answer. Good stuff.
Police Destroy Organic Farm in Massive SWAT Team Raid -- "Owners of the property...are now demanding an apology from police and compensation for what was taken...after police were granted a search warrant for marijuana plants. Ironically, no evidence of marijuana was found on the property"
Police Fire Hail of Bullets at Truck- but the truck was not a Nissan Titan, but a Toyota Tacoma. The color wasn't gray, but aqua blue. And it wasn't Cop-Killer inside the truck, but two Asian Women Delivering the Los Angeles Times.
Police beat and break the ribs of a peaceful protesting, 70-year old, Pulitzer prize winning literature professor. Do we have a serious problem with police brutality? Maybe its time to discuss how police are trained to deal with non-violent situations.
Police perform "simulated drug raid" on 5th graders; child attacked by police dog
Poll: 63% of Americans want Boehner out as speaker
Poll: 65 percent want Congress to hold public hearings on NSA
Poll: 69% of Americans want to outlaw super PACs
Poll: 70% of Dems and 77% of Republicans say NSA surveillance intrudes on privacy rights
Poll: Americans say Washington, Wall Street haven’t done enough to thwart financial crises "More than six in 10 Americans say they are not confident that the country will be able to avoid another collapse, with a majority saying Washington and Wall Street have not done enough to thwart one."
Poll: More Americans see man who leaked NSA secrets as 'patriot' than traitor
Poll: Stephen Colbert The Most Popular Choice To Replace Outgoing South Carolina Sen. Jim DeMint
Pope claims that "St. Peter had no bank account" and that the church has fallen into the temptation of wealth
Pres. Barack Obama is urging Congress to prevent an increase in student loan rates, saying rising college costs hold back the entire middle class and unfairly saddle young people with more debt just as they are starting out in their adult lives.
President Barack Obama says in a new interview that he would support efforts to remove marijuana from the federal government’s list of the most serious narcotics, but that Congress must act to make the change.
President Barack Obama signed bill into law that affords greater protection to federal employees who expose fraud, waste and abuse in government operations
President Bill Clinton: "the problem with any ideology is that it gives the answer before you look at the evidence. "
President Obama 'Welcomes' The Debate On Surveillance That He's Avoided For Years Until It Was Forced Upon Him
President Obama Endorses Gay Marriage on ABC Nightly News
President Obama commutes sentence of man sentenced to life without parole for first-time nonviolent drug conviction
President Obama nominates first openly gay Latina judge to U.S. District Court
President Obama on Pot Legalization: 'It’s important for it to go forward'
President Obama to Romney: Yes, we have fewer ships than 1916. We also have fewer horses and bayonets.
President Obama: "Send me a bill that bans insider trading by members of Congress, I will sign it tomorrow."
President and first lady visit Capitol Hill hunger strikers
Press Wakes Up to Romney's Lies, Says There's 'no excuse' for 'astonishingly misleading' Jeep Ad
Private messages between Governor’s Christie’s deputy chief of staff and two of his top executives at the Port Authority reveal a vindictive effort to create “traffic problems in Fort Lee” by shutting lanes to the George Washington Bridge and apparent pleasure at the resulting gridlock.
Professor: Obama Should Be Allowed to Run for a Third Term
Prop. 8: Gay-marriage ban unconstitutional, court rules
Providing a means for jail inmates to communicate with their loved ones on the outside is a lucrative business for a Dallas-based company: A 15-minute call costs a total of $14.59:
Public Transit Is Underfunded Because the Wealthy Don’t Rely on It
Puerto Rico has voted to join the union. It is to be the 51st state after congressional approval, making it the first to do so in 53 years.
Push for minimum wage hike led by localities, Democrats
Quinnipiac: "Massive Shift" as Public Now Says War on Terror Has Gone Too Far
Ralph Nader interview on The Real News: "The Constitution starts "We the People", not We the Corporation. They don't even mention the corporation or a company in the Constitution. So why do they rule us?"
Rand Paul Introduces Amendment To Force Former Elected Officials To Forfeit ALL Benefits If They Become Lobbyists
Record number of homeless students in the US in 2013
Record-High 42% of Americans Identify as Independents. Republican identification lowest in at least 25 years.
Reddit - Mt. Vernon, WA is giving Glenn Beck a "key to the city." My town, Bellingham, WA responded by offering Jon Stewart a key to our city. Help get his attention!
Reddit Founder Alexis Ohanian on CNBC: "Why is it that when Republicans and Democrats need to solve the budget and the deficit, there's deadlock, but when Hollywood lobbyists pay them $94 million dollars to write legislation, people from both sides of the aisle line up to co-sponsor it?"
Reddit successfully pressures Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) to back off support of SOPA.
Reddit, this is important
Remember that mining company that forced its workers to go to a Romney campaign speech without pay? After Obama re-election CEO reads prayer to staff; announces layoffs
Rep Rush Holt (D-NJ) introduces "Surveillance State Repeal Act" which would repeal the PATRIOT Act and the FISA Amendments Act
Rep. Amash’s Amendment To Defund The NSA’s Domestic Phone Metadata Program Fails 205-217
Rep. DeGette (D) files bill to require feds to respect marijuana law: "Respect States' and Citizens' Rights Act" seeks to exempt states where voters have legalized pot from the federal Controlled Substances Act provision on marijuana.
Rep. Dennis Kucinich: Abolish The NSA And Give Snowden A Parade
Rep. Lamar Smith, author of SOPA, is at it again with "Protecting Children From Internet Pornographers Act" or PCIP. The PCIP Act would require Internet providers to retain archives of everyone’s online activity for up to 18 months, including phone records, websites visited and bank-account data.
Rep. Louie Gohmert On Why He Joined Congress: I Wanted to Stop Single Moms from Getting Welfare
Rep. Matt Salmon of AZ has introduced a bill proposing an amendment to the Constitution to limit the number of terms that a Member of Congress may serve.
Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-MN) still hasn’t paid presidential campaign staffers
Rep.Mike Bost EXPLODES on house floor when given a 200 page bill and only 15 minutes to review it.
Report: The NSA is giving Americans' phone records to the DEA and the DEA is covering it up
Republican Roy Blunt Revealed As Senator Who Snuck ‘Monsanto Protection Act’ Into Spending Bill
Republican Texas judge orders lesbian couple to live apart or lose children.
Republican U.S. Rep. Scott DesJarlais, who opposes abortion rights, mutually agreed with wife to abort not once but twice.
Republican Who Scolded Park Ranger At Closed WWII Memorial Hit With Ethics Complaint
Republican who voted for shutdown: 'I need my paycheck.' Does she think Head Start teachers don't?
Republicans Shut Down the Government for Nothing: "The GOP will actually get less out of the final deal being brokered than the party would have gotten had House conservatives never staged their revolt on Obamacare."
Republicans attack NPR, so NPR maps the connections between the GOP and "independent grass roots" political groups that are funded entire with corporate money.
Revealing the 9/11 Conspiracy Would Undo the Entire US-Saudi Alliance -- Sen. Bob Graham pt2
Richard Mourdock, the Indiana Senator who said that pregnancy from rape was "something god intended," has lost to Democrat Joe Donnelley
Richard Wolff destroys Bill O'Reilly- "he gets away with saying things which no undergraduate in the United States with a responsible economics professor could ever get away with." (2 mins)
Rick Santorum is Dropping Out Today
RollCall.com - 50 Richest Members of Congress 2013
Romney Campaign bought 5k worth of goods to give to supporters to give back to him for "relief" effort.
Romney burned by own lie to Ohioans
Romney has done a good job of concealing, until now, the fact that he and his wife, Ann, personally gained at least $15.3 million from the bailout—and a few of Romney’s most important Wall Street donors made more than $4 billion.
Romney on Eliminating FEMA: "Absolutely!"
Romney vows that, "if you elect me President you are not going to see legalized medical marijuana. I am going to fight it tooth and nail."
Romney's 47% Video Has Been Viewed 3 Times As Often As His Convention Speech
Romney: 'We Don’t Have People Who Die Because They Don’t Have Insurance'.
Romney: ‘The president has not signed one new free trade agreement,’ Obama Signed Three
Ron Paul "I don’t fully endorse Mitt Romney for president.” Declines speaking at RNC after GOP set conditions that his speech must be vetted and must endorse Romney. “That would undo everything I’ve done in the last 30 years." [NYTimes]
Ron Paul Introduces Bill to Repeal Indefinite Detention of Americans
Ron Paul furious over indefinite detention act: "This is a giant step – this should be the biggest news going right now – literally legalizing martial law. This is arrogant and bold and dangerous" said Paul
Ron Paul: "Wikileaks- In a free society, we are supposed to know the truth. In a society where truth becomes treason, we are in big trouble."
Ron Paul: 9/11 Attacks Were 'Blowback For Decades Of U.S. Intervention In The Middle East'
Ron Pauls "Audit The FED" bill passes the House; 327-98.
Russ Feingold, the only Senator to vote against the Patriot Act and the Iraq War, is starting a new campaign to take back government from corporate control. You want to fix things? I suggest we join him.
SECRET ROMNEY TAPE: 47% of Americans "with" Obama are "dependent upon govt" and "believe that they are victims."
SOPA creator’s latest bill proposes stripping peer-review from science funding
STOCK Act Passes Congress -- Insider Trading By Congressmen Now Explicitly Prohibited
Sales of Orwell’s ’1984′ up 69 percent on Amazon.
Salon on Aurora: "Anybody in this country who wants to kill a lot of people in a crowded public space can do so fairly easily. The fact this almost never happens indicates how wildly overstated the threat of terrorism is in America today."
Samuel L. Jackson: Wake the F**k Up
San Diego jury finds Bank of America protestor not guilty in chalk-vandalism case
Santorum: No One Has Ever Died Because They Didn’t Have Health Care
School Principal Discouraged Teen Girl from Reporting Sexual Assault Because It Would Ruin Attacker's Basketball Career: Her attacker went on to assault another girl just 2 weeks later. And the story only gets worse.
Schweitzer clearly angling for presidential run
Scott Olsen, two-tour veteran of the Iraq war, who was hit in the head by a tear-gas canister, has a fractured skull, brain swelling and is in critical condition
Scottsdale PAC files complaint over $86K contribution
Secretary of State John Kerry: Freedom to "not believe" [in a religion] is a "birthright of every human being"
Sen. Al Franken proposes making the credit rating system more transparent and removing inherent conflicts of interest
Sen. Bernie Sanders on Monday introduced the American Health Security Act, which would require each state to set up a single-payer health care system and undo the private insurance exchanges that have plagued Obamacare.
Sen. Bernie Sanders proposed legislation today that would break up the big banks and financial institutions that crashed the economy. The ending of too big to fail would also open the door to criminal prosecutions
Sen. Bernie Sanders today introduced legislation that would ban bankers from sitting on the boards of directors for 12 regional Federal Reserve Banks that regulate the financial industry.
Sen. Bernie Sanders: “At a time when the gap between rich and everyone else is growing wider, at a time when Wall Street and large financial institutions are exerting extraordinary power over the American and world economy, I applaud the pope for speaking out on these enormously important issues"
Sen. Elizabeth Warren introduces her first bill: the Bank on Students Loan Fairness Act, an act that aims to prevent the doubling of student loan interest rates this July. Students would be charged interest rates nine times higher than the Big Banks if rates are allowed to double.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren: "Americans Know the System Is Rigged Against Them"
Sen. Elizabeth Warren: Profits from student loans are ‘obscene’ "The federal government will make $51 billion in profits off student loans. That’s more than wrong. It’s obscene.”
Sen. Paul: Obama, Bush ‘lucky’ they weren’t arrested for smoking pot as kids - “It would have ruined their lives. They got lucky. But a lot of poor kids, particularly in the inner city, don’t get lucky. They don’t have good attorneys. They go to jail for these things. And I think it’s a big mistake”
Sen. Ron Wyden On NSA Spying: It's As Bad As Snowden Says: "If we do not seize this moment in history to reform our surveillance laws, we will all live to regret it."
Sen. Sanders: NSA Is ‘Out Of Control’
Senator Elizabeth Warren Presses White House to Release Pacific Trade Text: “If transparency would lead to widespread public opposition to a trade agreement, then that trade agreement should not be the policy of the United States.”
Senator Elizabeth Warren: "The Assad regime's actions are reprehensible, but it is critical that we recognize the complexity of the conflict on the ground and that we consider the potential for unintended consequences of U.S. intervention, no matter how good our intentions."
Senator Elizabeth Warren; "Government agencies work for us, not for the companies they regulate. That means agencies should not be able to cut bad deals and then hide the embarrassing details. The public deserves to know what's going on." Introduces The Truth in Settlements Act.
Senator Leahy Tries To Sneak Through Plans To Make Merely Talking About Computer Hacking A Serious Crime
Senator Warren: “You follow this pro-corporate trend to its logical conclusion, and sooner or later you’ll end up with a Supreme Court that functions as a wholly owned subsidiary of big business,”
Senators Dick Durbin and Al Franken have introduced a bill to fund a program that would make many college textbooks available for free under open licences
Senators skip classified briefing on NSA snooping to catch flights home
Senators try to sack NFL's non-profit status
Sheriff claims he didn't know anti-sodomy laws weren't valid anymore; continues enforcing them ten years after they were found unconstitutional
Should the Director of National Intelligence Be Impeached for Lying to Congress About PRISM?
Should the NFL Lose Its Tax-Exempt Status?
Should you worry or is US military at the ready?
Silicon Valley Reportedly Full of Stoners - 'Silicon Valley CEO Mark Johnson told Businessweek, “Pot is an extremely functional drug. Coders can code on it, writers can write on it." '
Six Boston cops fired after testing positive for cocaine have been ordered reinstated — with back pay
Six months after Mitt Romney called electric auto company Tesla a "loser," Tesla is posting profits, expects to pay back the Dept. of Energy five years ahead of schedule, and won Motor Trend's Car of the Year.
Snowden made the right call when he fled the U.S
Snowden says he cannot get a fair trial on NSA leaks in U.S.: "Being called a traitor by Dick Cheney is the highest honor you can give an American"
Snowden: "Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Yahoo, Apple, and the rest of our internet titans must ask themselves why they aren't fighting for our interests the same way"
Snowden: "I believe in the principle declared at Nuremberg in 1945: "Individuals have international duties which transcend the national obligations of obedience. Therefore individual citizens have the duty to violate domestic laws to prevent crimes against peace and humanity from occurring."
Snowden: "The greatest fear that I have regarding the outcome for America of these disclosures is that nothing will change."
Snowden: NSA targeted journalists critical of government after 9/11
Snowden: US govt allows top officials to lie to Congress, yet prosecutes truth-tellers
Snowden’s father responds to Obama’s claim his son is not a patriot: “My son has spoken the truth, and he has sacrificed more than either the president of the United States or (U.S. Rep.) Peter King have ever in their political careers or their American lives."
So When Will Dick Cheney Be Charged With Espionage?
So terrorism now means indefinite detention, and protesters are "low-level terrorists". Is anyone else as scared as I am?
Someone at J.P. Morgan turned a blind eye to Bernie Madoff’s Ponzi scheme. That someone got away with it. Asking America’s biggest bank to go two full years without committing a federal crime is like expecting Lindsay Lohan not to party.
Sorry, It's Not A 'Law Of Capitalism' That You Pay Your Employees As Little As Possible
Source: 80-Year-Old Arrested for Taking Down Posters of Obama with Hitler Mustache | NBC 7 San Diego
Special Pays Would Be Hit by Delayed Defense Bill
Sponsor: Rep Frank, Barney [MA-4] - Cosponsors (20)
Stamp Out Campaign Cash Corruption in Our Lifetime | Activism, What Matters Today
Star Trek actor LeVar Burton explains his ritual to prevent being shot by police: He removes his hat &amp; sunglasses, rolls down his window, and puts out his hands to show he is not armed. “I do that because I live in America.”
Starbucks Won’t Use Obamacare as Excuse to Cut or Lower Benefits for Its Workers
Starting today, 47 million women will have access to free contraception because of Obamacare
Staten Island hotel refuses to evict storm refugees for visiting marathoners: “How do I tell people who have no place to go, that have no home, no heat, that you have to leave because I have to make room for somebody that wants to run the marathon?” asked hotel owner Richard Nicotra.
Stephen Colbert Closes His Super PAC. Want To Know What He Did With The Remaining Money? The Colbert Report Leaves Us With One Last Unbelievable Fact.
Stephen Colbert just announced he will be holding a Republican Presidential Debate, moderated by him!
Stephen Colbert on Koch's opposition to minimum wages: "He's right. Having to pay your employees really hurts small business. I mean, look at our nation's forefathers. Many arrived with nothing but the blouse on their back, but thanks to no minimum wage they started a booming cotton industry."
Steve Buscemi: 'I hope people remember the shutdown in the next elections'
Steven Colbert makes $1 million dollar charity offer to Trump to "stick his balls in his mouth" 
Stop calling student loans "financial aid" – Students who take out loans aren't receiving special favors; they're making a financial transaction like any other
Stop the NSA "Fake Fix" Bill: it is designed to. 1- Authorize the NSA’s practice of collecting phone records of hundreds of millions of innocent Americans. 2 - Authorize the NSA to engage in bulk collection of Internet communication records
StopWatching.Us: This Plan To End Government Spying Has Grown So Big It Might Actually Work
Stores selling Obamacare policies popping up across California
Strange Surge In California Points To More GOP Voter Fraud. It turns out that thousands of Democrats have been re-registered as Republicans without their permission.
Stronger than the storm, but not the 'hunger cliff': While we're taking food off the plates of needy New Jerseyans, we're giving $7.2 million in farm subsidies to just 14 congressional Republicans who have a combined net worth of $124.5. million.
Student abandoned in DEA holding cell drank own urine to survive -
Student abandoned in DEA holding cell drank own urine to survive - Daniel Chong, a 24-year old student at UC San Diego, was taken into custody &amp; abandoned in a holding cell for 5 days without food or water. “They never came back."
Study Shows That The Abortion Rate Falls Dramatically When Contraception Is Free
Suddenly, NYPD Doesn’t Love Surveillance Anymore: Law enforcement agencies monitor our most basic acts. But try assigning them a watchdog and they resist with fury.
Suicide Rate Climbs by 30 Percent in Kansas as Government Slashes Mental Health Budgets.
Supreme Court blocks Illinois law prohibiting taping of police
Supreme Court overturns $600,000 in copyright damages against student who imported used textbooks
Supreme Court ruling comes down - Corporations are people with free speech and the protected right to bribe politicians. Let's not even pretend anymore folks, democracy in America is dead.
Supreme Court to take up same-sex marriage
Supreme Court unanimously rules that police can't put GPS monitors on cars without a warrant
Supreme Court upholds Affordable Health Care Act
TALLAHASSEE — The state Supreme Court ruled Friday that legislators and their staffs must testify in a case that accuses Republicans of redrawing political boundaries for partisan advantage in violation of the state Constitution.
TIL: TSA gets $4,000,000,000 more than space exploration in 2012 budget
TSA Agent Tracks Down Journalist Reporting About The TSA, Threatens To Jail Reporter And Charge Reporter With Committing Terrorist Activities
TSA Is Making Airport Valets Search Your Trunk. And law experts say if its done without warning, it could be a violation of your Fourth Amendment rights
TSA agents in Salt Lake City destroy teen's $10,000 insulin pump, which she has to have to survive; she showed a doctor's note to TSA saying she can't go through a body scanner while wearing it, but TSA agents made her go through anyway
Tammy Baldwin Has Been Elected The First Openly-Gay Senator In U.S. History
Tax cheats on Tax Day: Bank of America gets 82 percent of its revenue in the U.S., yet claimed $7 billion in U.S. losses and $10 billion in foreign profits to avoid paying taxes.
Tea Party Favorite Rep. Michele Bachmann Leaving Congress
Tea Party Rep. Joe Walsh (R-IL): “With Modern Technology And Science, You Can’t Find One Instance” In Which Abortion Is Necessary To Save the Life Or Health Of the Mother
Tea Party Rep. Paul Broun: Evolution and Big Bang Are “Lies Straight From the Pit Of Hell.” Broun Serves On the House Science Committee With Todd Akin
Tea Party leader: Republican Party being taken over by gay 'thugs' - Employment Non-Discrimination Act would force her to 'hire someone with orange hair... a man in a dress, a demonstrative effeminate male or purposeful butch-looking female.'
Ted Cruz Failed To Disclose Ties To Caribbean Holding Company: An old college friendship led to financial entanglement with a Jamaican private equity firm and a British Virgin Islands holding company. Neither was disclosed during his 2012 campaign.
Ted Cruz, one sore loser "The amount of wreckage Cruz has caused in such a short time is truly awe-inspiring. He has damaged his party, hurt the economy, lowered the nation’s standing and set back the conservative cause."
Ted Nugent Death/Jail Watch, Day One: "So, remember how Ted Nugent...said this thing back in April? -- 'If Barack Obama becomes the president in November, again, I will either be dead or in jail by this time next year.'"
Tell John Boehner to Remove National Security Threat Michele Bachmann from the Intelligence Committee
Ten Years After Decriminalization, Drug Abuse Down by Half in Portugal - Forbes
Tennessee Man loses $22,000 to cops. No charges filed, no arrest made. "If somebody told me this happened to them, I absolutely would not believe this could happen in America."
Tennessee Man loses $22,000 to cops. No charges filed, no arrest made. "If somebody told me this happened to them, I absolutely would not believe this could happen in America." That was the reaction of a New Jersey man who found out just how risky it can be to carry cash through Tennessee.
Tennessee Representative Steve Cohen (D) introduces HR278 to take politics out of redistricting
Tennessee official says complaining about water quality could be considered "an act of terrorism"
Tesla Motors Pays Off its Govt Loan…9 Years Early - “It turns out that if you give a bunch of intelligent innovators the seed money to conduct innovative research, the innovators will sometimes successfully innovate.”
Tesla Not Legally Allowed to Sell Cars in VA, limited or barred from sales in 48 States | WashingtonPost
Tesla repaying Obama admin loan 5 years early
Texas Fertilizer Company Didn't Heed Disclosure Rules Before Blast: The plant that exploded on Wednesday, obliterating part of a small Texas town and killing at least 14 people, had been storing 1,350 times the amount of ammonium nitrate that would normally trigger safety oversight by the DHS.
Texas Redditors: The vote to oust SOPA posterboy Lamar Smith is tomorrow. GO VOTE, his opponents need your support!
Texas State Sen. Wendy Davis (D-Ft. Worth) officially announced her candidacy for Governor.
Texas becomes the first state to require warrant for email snooping
Texas doctor on new abortion law: "I hope our politicians are made aware of how many girls are self-aborting in the Rio Grande Valley."
Texas is one of six states refusing to comply with Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel’s order that gay spouses of National Guard members be given the same federal marriage benefits as heterosexual spouses.
Thanks To Better Sex Ed, California's Teen Birth Rate Has Plummeted By 60 Percent
That was the reaction of a New Jersey man who found out just how risky it can be to carry cash through Tennessee.
The 1 Woman Screwing Up N Dakota’s Plan to End Abortion - She's the only abortion provider in a state that just passed crazy restrictions. And she’s not backing down. At the culture war's new frontier: Fargo, N Dakota.
The American rock band R.E.M. on Thursday demanded that Fox News “cease and desist” using their song “Losing My Religion” during its coverage of the Democratic National Convention.
The Bad Faith Presidency
The Case for Abolishing the DHS - The DHS owes its continued existence to a vastly exaggerated assessment of the threat of terrorism. The department is also responsible for some of the least cost-effective spending in the U.S. government. It’s time to admit that creating it was a mistake.
The Chicago City Council just voted 43-2 to decriminalize possession of marijuana.
The Corporate Betrayal of America: 280 top-earning Fortune 500 companies, which together paid only half of the maximum 35 percent corporate tax rate, received $223 billion in tax subsidies.
The Daily Show on the free bridge offered by Canadians to Detroit and billionaire, rival bridge owner Matty Moroun's plans to stop it.
The Day That TV News Died. The day Phil Donahue was fired by MSNBC for opposing the war in Iraq.
The Drone That Killed My Grandson. "The government has killed a 16-year-old American boy. Shouldn’t it at least have to explain why?"
The Economist Endorses Barack Obama for President
The End Polluter Welfare Act of 2013 would remove tax breaks, close loopholes, end taxpayer-funded fossil fuel research and prevent companies from escaping liability for spills or deducting cleanup costs.
The Exxon Valdez spill was in 1989, they still, 21 years later, have not paid the full amount awarded in court to those affected and in fact over 8000 people have died while waiting for compensation. Exxon is still in appeals court TODAY. Why would BP act differently?
The FBI's Digital Surveillance Might Be More Wide-Ranging Than the NSA's
The FBI’s Trojan Horse? - "the ACLU discovered through FOIA requests that the FBI secretly used the mosque outreach program .... to collect and record information about innocent Californian Muslims' speech, beliefs, and other First Amendment-protected activities in violation of the Privacy Act."
The Fact that Mass Surveillance Doesn’t Keep Us Safe Goes Mainstream: Top Terrorism Experts Say that Mass Spying Doesn’t Work to Prevent Terrorism
The First Thanksgiving As Genocide
The Fiscal Delusion: "President Bill Clinton’s 1993 deficit reduction plan increased income tax rates for roughly the top 1.2 percent of incomes. Opponents said this would lead to recession. Instead, we had enormous job creation and the longest economic expansion in our history."
The Fourth Amendment obliges the government to demonstrate probable cause before conducting invasive surveillance. There is simply no precedent under the Constitution for the government’s seizing such vast amounts of revealing data on innocent Americans’ communications.
The GOP's little rule change they hoped you wouldn't notice | video
The GOP’s latest poison pill "The Lankford bill creates a world in which the failure to fund the gov't leads to automatic, across-the-board spending cuts...It's a world in which Republicans who want spending cuts have a continued incentive to refuse to reach agreement on bills to fund the gov't."
The Hard Charger at Obama’s Side Has His Hands Full
The IRS could do your taxes for you, if politicians would let it
The IRS is cracking down on tips – again. Why go after billionaires when you can squeeze more out of servers?
The Iran nuke deal: secret negotiations in an era of transparency
The Justice Department's determination to commit substantial time and resources to prosecuting [Aaron] Swartz presents a striking contrast to its see-no-evil attitude when it comes to financial fraud by the Wall Street banks.
The Law Against Unlocking Cellphones Is Anti-Consumer, Anti-Business, and Anti-Common Sense
The Lie that Prosecuting Bank Fraud Will Destabilize the Economy Is What Is REALLY Destroying the Economy
The Middle Class Does Better In States With Lots Of Union Members
The Minnesota State Senate has approved same-sex marriage and Gov. Mark Dayton is expected to sign it into law tomorrow
The Most Ridiculous Law of 2013 (So Far): It Is Now a Crime to Unlock Your Smartphone
The NSA Can't Be Trusted: If 2,776 violations can occur when NSA agents are trying to follow the law in good faith, consider the dangers posed by personnel who aren't acting in good faith.
The NSA built a $1.2 billion, 1.5 million square foot facility in Utah capable of storing a zettabyte of information. The facility is set to begin processing emails, phone records, text messages, and other electronic data this September.
The NSA has obtained direct access to the systems of Google, Facebook, Apple and other US internet giants allowing them to freely obtain the content of emails, video and voice chat, videos, photos, Skype chats, file transfers, social networking details, and more.
The NSA is out of control and must be stopped - End the nightmare of mass surveillance now
The NSA's Surveillance Is Unconstitutional: Congress Or The Courts Should Put A Stop To These Unreasonable Data Seizures
The NSA: 'The Abyss From Which There Is No Return' -- "[O]nce you allow the government to start breaking the law, no matter how seemingly justifiable the reason, you relinquish the contract between you and the government which establishes that the government works for and obeys you, the citizen"
The NYPD has created a "wanted" poster for a Harlem couple who film cops conducting stop-and-frisks and post the videos on YouTube — branding them "professional agitators" who portray cops in a bad light and listing their home address
The No-Fly list has been increasingly used on American citizens while they're out of the country, effectively exiling them
The Obama Administration uncovered $430 million in Medicare fraud in a single bust yesterday- more than the federal govt gives to PBS ($130 million more, in fact)
The Obama administration is set to announce Friday an ambitious health-care experiment that will make Maryland a test case for whether aggressive government regulation of medical prices can dramatically cut health spending. Under the experiment, Maryland will cap hospital spending and set prices.
The Orleans Parish School Board in Louisiana Just Voted to Ban Creationism from Their Schools
The PirateBay PRESS RELEASE concerning SOPA... -and The mass media in general. You've got to give it to them : They couldnt be more right on this one.
The Press Erupts When Facebook Changes a Privacy Setting. When Congress Reauthorizes FISA (Renewing Warrantless Wiretapping)? Crickets.
The Prosecution of Aaron Swartz: Sharing Knowledge Is a Greater Crime Than Bringing Down the Economy
The Rich Have Gained $5.6 Trillion in the 'Recovery,' While the Rest of Us Have Lost $669 Billion
The Sarah Palin Debate Flowchart [pic]
The TSA didn’t bother to do a background check on a priest who had been defrocked for molesting girls before they gave him a job, which included doing pat downs on children at Philadelphia International Airport.
The Tea Party is Boycotting Fox News Because It Is Too Liberal
The U.S. Has the Best Health Care System in the World—for Drug Companies
The US budget is like a 1st grader playing Oregon Trail. Spend all the money on ammunition so you can shoot at stuff, then wonder why your wagon is falling apart and everyone is dying of dysentery
The War on Drugs Is Worse Than NSA Spying We've simply become accustomed to older, more ingrained abuses.
The War on Terror is a Fraud. In 2009, these four things happened: The US began a troop surge, and provided a $7.5 billion aid package to Pakistan. The Carnegie Foundation revealed a majority of Pakistan aid goes to the ISI and military, and US officials claimed that the ISI was funding the Taliban.
The White House says Obamacare will be working by Sunday. Here’s what that means.
The World Says Yes To Snowden, No To Obama
The average sentence for a first time non violent drug offender convicted under federal mandatory minimum sentencing laws is now longer than the average sentence for rape, child molestation, bank robbery, and manslaughter [X-post r/MorbidReality]
The fight between the financial industry and Senator-elect Elizabeth Warren heats up again over her possible nomination to the Senate Banking Committee.
The guy who yelled "You lie!" during President Obamas speech was Rep. Joe Wilson, Republican of South Carolina. Eight years of George W. Bush and no Democrat EVER disrupted any of his addresses to Congress
The health bill has PASSED!
The president is wrong: The NSA debate wouldn’t have happened without Snowden
The real story behind the rejected TED talk on inequality.
The right to assembly is being crushed; the Internet is on the verge of censorship; the legislative body of the most powerful nation in human history is about to declare pizza a vegetable. We are no longer citizens, we're the sane inmates in an asylum run by psycopaths and sociopaths.
The same corporations that pay no federal taxes to begin with are also taking the money withheld from your paycheck for state taxes &amp; giving it to...themselves. And it's all legal.
The second coming of Obamacare website - will it work?
The secret surveillance court is making secret surveillance laws "These rules have been remade in a court where the government is the only witness, and there’s no possibility for appeal, all 11 judges were chosen by Chief Justice Roberts, 10 of the 11 were Republican appointees to the federal bench"
The solution to bad teachers isn't testing, punishing teachers or whining about unions. It's increasing the standards to become a teacher, paying them accordingly and making it a respectable profession instead of a fall-back career for students who don't know what else to do.
The wealthy 'make mistakes', The poor go to jail.
There is a growing awareness both on the national and the local level that mass incarceration is a failed policy...
There’s something absolutely insane happening in the House right now: "We have a bill that would roll back protections put in place after the financial crisis that was literally written by lobbyists for one of the major players in that same financial crisis"
These 61 Senators are refusing to meet with their constituents before the critical Jan 24 vote on PIPA/SOPA.  Oh Reddit, can you call them?
These Republicans Who Voted To Cut Food Stamps Personally Received Large Farm Subsidies
These are all the aircraft carriers in the world. The left two columns are the USA's.
This 15-Year-Old Kid May Have Just Saved Your Life. He's patented the method himself, and hopefully won't allow Big Pharma to jack up the prices so high that people can't afford the test.
This Is the Supreme Court's Shutdown: "As a result of the Supreme Court's 2010 ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Elections Commission (FEC), a handful of moneyed interests have managed to circumvent the democratic process and engineer a government shutdown that nobody else wanted"
This girl traveled over 7,000 miles to tell her story, 5 members of congress showed up.
This is America, now: The Dow hits a record high, with household income at a decade low
This is CISPA explained. SOPA was meant to stop piracy. CISPA is going to kill all privacy on the net. Enough Reddit you are waffling.
This is a calling for ALL pornographic sites to BLACKOUT on February 20th in protest of Lamar Smith's newest offense: PCIP, or The Protecting Children from Internet Pornography Act. Please, upvote this so it can gain steam!
This is a man without a core, this is a man without substance, this is a man that will say anything to become president of the United States. -- Rudy Giuliani on Mitt Romney in December 2011
Time Magazine cover (depending on Country)
Time To Tame The NSA Behemoth Trampling Our Rights: "From leaks and Fisa court papers, it's clear the NSA is a bloated spying bureaucracy out of control. It can't be reformed by insiders"
Time to end the war on drugs. "Enough is enough. The president should instruct the DOJ to de-prioritize marijuana-related cases in states that allow for medical marijuana, and to allow Colorado and Washington to move ahead with implementation of their new laws."
Tina Fey at reproductive rights event: "If I have to listen to one more grey-faced man with a $2 haircut explain to me what rape is, I’m going to lose my mind.”
To all Occupy Wall Street participants, here is the key to your victory... (for serious)
To reform the NSA, fire officials who lied
Today, A Federal Appeals Court Killed Free Speech on the Internet: The Internet will now be controlled by a handful of companies
Today, Wendy Davis, a Texas State Senator from Ft. Worth, will filibuster for 13 hours straight, with no breaks. She can't even lean on the desk she stands next to. All to kill Rick Perry's anti-abortion bill that could close all but 5 clinics in the state.
Today, we are warned by John Kerry and others that if we don't act with lethal force, the Syrian government will kill thousands more people. Let's not be deluded: When we do intervene militarily, the Syrian government (and we) will kill thousands more.
Today, we save the Internet (again): fix the CFAA! "They also add "conspiring" to violate terms of service to the list of offenses that are a felony under the CFAA. So you can be thrown in jail just for talking about ways to violate terms of service."
Todd Akin defeated by Claire McCaskill
Tom Corbett Went From Establishment Republican to Tea Party Allly. Bad Move.
Too Many Years Of Lies: Washington has been at war for 12 years. According to experts such as Joseph Stiglitz and Linda Bilmes, these wars have cost Americans approximately $6 trillion, enough to keep Social Security and Medicare sound for years.
Total Arrests Climb to 700 as Thousands Protest GOP in North Carolina
Towns pay $3.5 million to settle lawsuit: '5yrs ago, a heavily armed special weapons and tactics team charged into a home - guns drawn and flash grenades exploding - and killed a man who was quietly watching porn on TV'
Trends in health care cost growth and the role of the Affordable Care Act (PDF).
Tthe 16-year-old honor student expelled from her high school after igniting a chemical explosion receives a full scholarship to U.S. Space Academy, courtesy of a NASA vet who, as a teen, was accused of starting a forest fire during a science experiment
Tumblr did an amazing thing: they helped train their users on important talking points on SOPA and then connected them to their Representatives in Congress, generating 87,834 calls in one day to help fight SOPA
Twinkie CEO Admits Company Took Employees Pensions and Put It Toward Executive Pay
Two former CIA employees whose Kansas home was fruitlessly searched for marijuana claim they were illegally targeted because they had bought indoor growing supplies to raise vegetables.
Two months ago, in a Senate Integlligence Hearing, Sen. Ron Wyden asked the Director of National Intelligence James Clapper: "Does the NSA collect any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans?" His response: "No, sir."
Two-thirds of regular Republicans believe the federal budget deficit has grown this year and 93 percent of Tea Party Republicans agree. Both are wrong; the budget deficit is projected to fall this year from $1.1 trillion to $642 billion.
U.S. Congressman Alan Grayson: “Requiring paid vacation leave will allow workers to spend more time with their families, improve their mental and physical health, and ultimately be more productive in their workplace.”
U.S. Mayors to Obama: Quit Cracking Down on Marijuana. The U.S. Conference of Mayors unanimously adopted a resolution arguing that "states and localities should be able to set whatever marijuana policies work best to improve the public safety and health of their communities."
U.S. Representative Alan Grayson: “A majority wants a clean resolution. That's the way it's supposed to work. We're being prevented from doing what even the rules allow us to do. The rules are being gutted by illegitimate leadership."
U.S. Representative Alan Grayson: “We are not North Koreans. We are Americans and we are human beings and we deserve to have our privacy respected.”
U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) said today he will introduce legislation to break up banks that have grown so big that the Justice Department has not pursued prosecutions for fear an indictment would harm the financial system -- 'If an institution is too big to fail, it is too big to exist'
U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren called for a doubling of spending on biomedical research through the National Institutes of Health on Monday, arguing that the country is in danger of losing its status as a world leader in the development of new medicines.
U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders: “Instead of talking about cuts in Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, we must end the absurdity of corporations not paying a nickel in federal income taxes.”
U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders: “Let's be clear: Social Security is not an entitlement program. It is an earned income benefit that has been enormously successful in cutting the rate of senior poverty.”
U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren: "According to the S&amp;P index, the government shutdown had delivered a powerful blow to the U.S. economy. By their estimates, $24 billion has been flushed down the drain for a completely unnecessary political stunt.”
U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren: "I fundamentally don't get it when someone says -- as the House Republicans have -- we'll get out there and make sure that millionaire farmers can keep their subsidies, but families that are struggling won't have basic nutrition for themselves and their children.”
U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren: “Congress told the government to spend more money than we have. Congress told the Treasury to run up our debt to pay for it. But now Congress is threatening to run out on the bill. If that strikes you as bizarre, then you are not alone."
U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren: “The game is still rigged to make the rich and powerful even more rich and powerful.”
U.S. Sens. Mark R. Warner, Susan Collins, Tim Kaine and Chuck Grassley introduced proposals today to strengthen military whistleblower protection laws to ensure those who are courageous enough to report sexual assault and other misconduct are not further victimized by retaliation.
U.S. investigators have uncovered evidence that banks reaped millions of dollars in trading profits at the expense of companies and pension funds by manipulating a benchmark for interest-rate derivatives
U.S. loses AAA credit rating from S&amp;P | Reuters
U.S.-Iran Deal: Imperialist Policy Shift and Rebuff of Israel Lobby
UC police Capt. Margo Bennett on Occupy UC Berkeley: "The individuals who linked arms and actively resisted, that in itself is an act of violence...I understand that many students may not think that, but linking arms in a human chain when ordered to step aside is not a nonviolent protest."
UCLA Police Beat on a Superior Court Judge - He's Black but race has nothing to do with it
US House Passes CISPA!! 248 to 168
US House passes bill charging $5000 to protest drilling
US Lawmakers in Berlin over NSA Spying Scandal
US Senate IP Caught Defacing Edward Snowden's Wikipedia Entry
US Senate Unanimously Votes To End Unfair Subsidies For ‘Too Big To Fail’ Banks
US appeals court LIFTS BAN on embryonic stem cell research
US domestic oil production up 50% since 2008.
US gov defends NSA surveillance, slams 'reprehensible' journalists for exposing it
US government declares hacking an act of war, then hacks allies
US taxpayers paid more to Israeli defense budget than Israelis
Up to 88% of Georgia college's faculty may quit over requirement to sign pledge against homosexuality, public drinking
Utah gay marriage ban ruled unconstitutional.
Utah lawmaker will help moms import cannabis extract: A strain of medical marijuana low in THC has stopped seizures in children with severe epilepsy.
Vast waste, profiteering in Pentagon operations: The main payroll and accounting office of the Pentagon doles out tens of billions of dollars to contractors without any rigorous auditing or other financial controls, fueling a system of waste and profiteering
Verizon’s bid to kill network neutrality law goes to court Monday: Gutting law would let ISPs block content, applications, services, and devices -- "Verizon is arguing...it has a free speech right to block or degrade content under the First Amendment"
Vermont has passed a single-payer universal health care law: "Everybody in, nobody out"
Vermont is designing nation’s first universal health-care system
Victory for College Students! Court Strikes Down Mandatory Drug Testing for All Students: "ACLU's win should be a warning to colleges and universities"
Victory! Boycott forces GoDaddy to drop its support for SOPA
Virginia Attorney general won’t investigate worker arrested for dumping voter registrations
Virginia Gov. Robert F. McDonnell has said his daughter and her husband paid for their own wedding. So a $15,000 check from a major campaign donor to pay for the food at the affair was a gift to the bride and groom and not to him and therefore did not have to be publicly disclosed under the law.
Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell wants to charge hybrid drivers $100/year for using less gas
Virginia attorney general race heads to court for recount
Visiting the Capitol? Hide Your Stash
WA just legalized gay marriage and smoking weed
WATCH Now: Rachel Maddow - New IRS rules could temper big campaign cash
WATCH: Rachel Maddow ☼ Yellen's obvious qualifications test GOP
WIKILEAKS VIDEO OUT. "classified US military video depicting the indiscriminate slaying of over a dozen people in the Iraqi suburb of New Baghdad -- including two Reuters news staff." US Intelligence covered-up the murders and tried to stop this video!
WSJournal Accused of Failing Disclosure, 10 Op-Ed Writers Are Romney Advisers
Wachovia Bank laundered $378,400,000,000 of drug cartel money, HSBC Bank failed to monitor £38,000,000,000,000 of money with potentially dirty criminal ties, United Bank of Switzerland illegally manipulated LIBOR interest rates on a regular basis for purposes of profiteering
Wal-Mart Relies On Taxpayers To Subsidize Low Wages
Wal-Mart says it will pull out of D.C. plans should city mandate ‘living wage’
Wal-Mart to DC: We'll Skip Town Before We Pay a Living Wage: Wal-Mart threatens to abandon Washington DC if living wage bill passes. Communities say 'good riddance!'
Wal-Mart: Always Low Wages: Employees of the super company are planning a walkout on one of the biggest shopping days of the year, and that's only the beginning.
WalMart earns record profits while supporting Republicans who want to slash their employees' food stamps
Wall Street Professionals Admit: Yes, Lots of Us Are Corrupt
Walmart workers decided to strike on Black Friday after they were targeted for retaliation for speaking out about substandard work conditions and treatment last month in the first ever walk out in the history of the company.
Walmart workers decided to strike on Black Friday after they were targeted for retaliation for speaking out about substandard work conditions and treatment last month in the first ever walk out in the history of the company. We ask you to help
War-weary Americans back Iran nuclear deal by 2-to-1 margin
Warren Buffet in NYT op-ed: "We mega-rich should not continue to get extraordinary tax breaks while most Americans struggle to make ends meet." "My friends and I have been coddled long enough by a billionaire-friendly Congress. It's time for our government to get serious about shared sacrifice."
Warren Buffett’s energy rules: wind is cheaper than coal. “If Congress were to remove all the subsidies from every energy source, the wind industry can compete on its own,” AWEA’s Tom Kiernan said
Warren to US Treasury officials: "Drug possession warrants jail time but laundering cartel money doesn’t?"
Washington Post: "Phelps may be an involuntary hero to this charge (marijuana decriminalization), but his name and face bring necessary attention to a farce in which nearly half the nation are actors. It's time to recognize that all drugs are not equal -- and change the laws accordingly"
Washington city votes to raise minimum wage to $15
Watch Rick Perry's Campaign End Before Your Eyes
Watergate's Lessons, Washed Away - During Watergate, people went to jail, even the former US attorney general. Today, we can't even get miscreant bankers to resign in exchange for their billions in bailouts.
We ask you to help
We crush them with debt to go to college -- and today, rates are actually set to double. Are we out of our minds?
We do not have a health care system in America. We have a disease-management system -- one that depends on ruinously expensive drugs and surgeries that treat health conditions after they manifest rather than giving our citizens simple diet, lifestyle and therapeutic tools to keep them healthy.
We need an uproar on Eric Cantor's actions! He indefinitely postponed the majority-supported "Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge (STOCK) Act".
We're telling today's 20-somethings that they should pay through the nose for college, keep paying taxes for our retirements, and when it comes time for you to retire your benefits are going to be cut. So sorry. And all this despite the fact that the country is richer than it was 50 years ago.
We've cut back on education, we've cut back on nutrition programs, we've thrown kids off Head Start. We have billions to spend on a war but no money to take care of the very pressing needs of the American people. That bothers me a lot.
We, the People of the United States of America, reject the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in Citizens United, and move to amend our Constitution to firmly establish that money is not speech, and that human beings, not corporations, are persons entitled to constitutional rights.
Wells Fargo fires employee because his child gets cancer. Child dies of cancer because she doesnt have health insurance.
Wendy Davis files for Texas governor
West Virginia: 'Why Is The Rest Of The Country Fixated On A New Jersey Traffic Jam And We Have No Clean Water?'
What Snowden really revealed: We have sacrificed our freedoms and morals in order to make war on those abroad, and, more subtly, on ourselves
What if we told you that, by our calculations, the largest U.S. banks aren’t really profitable at all? What if the billions of dollars they allegedly earn for their shareholders were almost entirely a gift from U.S. taxpayers? – Bloomberg Editors
What's The Best Way To Cut $85 Billion To Avoid The Sequester? Eliminate the War on Drugs.
Whedon On Romney - YouTube
When I Voted for State Funds to go to Religious "Schools, I Didn’t Mean Muslim Ones" - Rep. Valarie Hodges(R)
When Romney was governor of liberal Massachusetts, he supported abortion, gun control, tackling climate change and a requirement that everyone should buy health insurance. Now, as he prepares to accept the Republican Party’s nomination for president, he opposes all those things.
When Texas State Senator Wendy Davis began her 13-hour filibuster against a Texas anti-abortion bill yesterday, none of the major networks was watching. But thanks to a groundswell of support on social media, Davis became not only national news, but also a serious political contender.
When a worker is on food stamps, that's an employer that is relying on taxpayers to augment wages, to bring workers up to the bare minimum they need to survive.
When asked why she wasn't going to defer her pay during the shutdown, Congresswoman Renee Ellmers(R) says "The thing is, I need my paycheck. That's the bottom line."
When millions of Americans protested the Iraq war, the media ignored it. 70,000 lunatics protest healthcare, they got hours of commentary. When a couple went to a Bush rally wearing anti-Bush t-shirts, they got arrested. Guys at Obama rallies openly carry guns and get interviews.
Where Is The Love? ...maybe we need a conversation about empathy for fellow humans in distress.
Where are Snowden’s defenders in the media? The editorial pages of the Times and the Washington Post, the two most influential papers in the country, hadn’t even addressed the Obama Administration’s decision to charge Snowden with two counts of violating the Espionage Act and one count of theft.
White House Grants Aaron Swartz's Wish: Taxpayer-Funded Research Will Be Free
White House Petition To Recognize Westboro Baptist Church As Hate Group Becomes Most Popular Ever
White House Petition: Make Lawmakers Wear Logos Of Financial Backers On Clothing, Like In NASCAR
White House petition to actually take White House petitions seriously
White House petition to pardon whistleblower Edward Snowden passes 100,000 signatures. Government must now respond.
White House: Obama will veto any bill extending tax cuts for those making more than $250K
Why Are We Just Finding Out About The Koch Bank? "We are just now discovering the existence of an organization that pushed over one quarter of one billion dollars into the last election cycle...Most, if not all of it was pushed through non-profit 501(c)(4) organizations..."
Why Did the Justice System Target Aaron Swartz? - The absurdity of HSBC bankers skating on serious drug money laundering charges while the Secret Service hunts down a 26-yr-old for downloading too many scholarly articles is an example of our justice system's chillingly warped priorities.
Why Don't White-Collar Criminals Get Equal Time? - Justice Dept is suing Standard &amp; Poor’s, rating agency that fueled the financial crisis &amp; crash by duping investors into buying billions in rotten securities. But Obama admin stalked by question that won't go away: Why isn’t anyone going to jail?
Why Google Joins the Kochs in Funding Heritage Action
Why Millennials Are Obamacare's Last Hope
Why Police Lie Under Oath--"Police officer perjury in court to justify illegal dope searches is commonplace . . . It is a perversion of the American justice system that strikes directly at the rule of law. Yet it is the routine way of doing business in courtrooms everywhere in America.”
Why Secret Law Is Un-American: The system established by the U.S. Constitution requires an informed electorate.
Why Spy With Your Little Eye? "Despite all this intrusion into our lives and violations of the Fourth Amendment, the system completely missed the Boston bombers, two of the dumbest, least sophisticated bro' terrorists in the world."
Why You Shouldn’t Shop at Walmart on Friday - A new study by the think tank Demos reports that raising the salary of all full-time workers at large retailers to $25,000 per year would lift more than 700,000 people out of poverty, at a cost of only a 1 percent price increase for customers.
Why an MRI costs $1,080 in America and $280 in France
Why aren’t the Wall Street criminals prosecuted? What prevails in America is not democracy, but a revival of what in former epochs was called aristocratic privilege
Why is John McCain, who admits to not even knowing how to operate a computer, now introducing a bill to block net neutrality rules?
Widely discredited study [the Seralini rat study] that fuelled fear of genetically modified ‘Frankenfoods’ finally retracted
Wikileaks releases "Kissinger Cables" with 2 million documents.
With all the companies announcing layoffs, firing people, etc, due to the election result, why don't we make a list of the complainers so we can let them know we are paying attention and that mistreating their employees and punishing them for their politics won't go without penalty.
With two nuclear options, Obama can push back against friends, foes alike
Within hours of taking office, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) enacted a $100 gift cap on himself, his family and executive branch employees
Woman at VP debate calls Obama a communist, gets confronted by Chris Matthews and can't explain what a communist is
Woman was probed, cavity searched, &amp; X-rayed when she tried to reenter the USA: 'Suspecting she had drugs, federal agents detained her, chained her to a table, and subjected her to a series of invasive and traumatic cavity searches, finger penetration, scans and X-rays… all without a warrant'
Worst TB outbreak in 20 years kept secret. Florida government covered up TB outbreak while rushing to close hospitals as a part of Gov. Rick Scott's cost cutting campaign.
Wow. The level of ignorance and sheer stupidity in this video is amazing. Some of the things that tea baggers believe is incredible!
Wowzer, Rep Grayson (D) said yesterday that the Republican health care plan is for you not to get sick and if you do die quickly. Repubs demand apology, so he goes on the floor and says I apologize to the 47,000 people who are dead because of the lack of health care. Boom!
You know what we need? Another internet blackout. This time for CISPA.
Young People's Unhappiness Comes from Our Broken Economic System -- And They Shouldn't Shut Up About It
Young Republicans see rocky future if party doesn't change
Young Students Against Bad Science. “I’m proud to be from Louisiana, but I don’t want people to laugh at me when I go out of state. ‘Oh that’s the guy from the stupid state with the creationism law.’”
comparing the Massachusetts exchange to the federal exchange is unfair, since only a relatively small portion of the state’s population lacked insurance at that time
the minimum wage scam: corporations get away with crappy wages, so government has to make up the rest
‎Senator Rand Paul is holding up a vote on the Defense Authorization Act until he gets a vote on his amendment to give American citizens being held by the military rights to a fair trial with a jury of peers and the right to confront the witnesses against him or her.
‘Shared Sacrifice’: Hostess Used Employee Pensions to Fund Itself, While paying millions to its executives
‘You should’ve served US better and died!’ Debt collector berates disabled veteran living off of disability payments, told him he “should have died” in war instead of "taking advantage of" other Americans.
“'Why did you shoot me? I was reading a book': The new warrior cop is out of control"--police excess in the USA
“Allowing a woman’s boss to call the shots about her access to birth control should be inconceivable to all Americans in this day and age. But what’s at stake in this case is whether a CEO’s personal beliefs can trump a woman’s right to access free contraception under the Affordable Care Act.”
“Exxon has caused undue harm to Arkansas families and must be held accountable,” said Senator Mark Pryor (D-Ark.)
“I assume no one will abuse the blue slip process like some have abused the use of the filibuster to block judicial nominees on the floor of the Senate,” he said in a statement.
“I cannot in good conscience support a tax cut in which so many of the benefits go to the most fortunate among us,” McCain said in 2001, when the Bush tax cuts first were proposed.
“If Sarah Palin's this shocked by Pope Francis, she'll be catatonic when she finally gets round to reading about Jesus in the New Testament.”
“If somebody’s dumb enough to ask me to go to a political convention and say something, they’re gonna have to take what they get.” — Clint Eastwood
“Of all developed nations, the United States has the most unequal distribution of income, and we’re surging towards even greater inequality.”
“Senator Obama warned about Patriot Act abuses. President Obama proved him right.”
“Unfortunately, for the last 60 years, we have serially mismanaged our relationship with Iran. How would we have felt if a foreign power worked to overthrow our democratically elected government...That is exactly what the United States and Great Britain did in 1953...” -Rep. Earl Blumenauer
“We have attacked at least five countries since 9/11. We have launched drones against many more. We have deposed several dictators and destroyed several foreign armies. But, looking around at what has been achieved, it is clear: It is all irrelevant.”
“We urge you to consider the tremendous benefits of a sustained investment in the NIH (National Institutes of Health), and ask you to remember our Nation’s role as a world leader in biomedical research and the impact this research has on patients as the conference committee begins its work.”
“We're not going to let our campaign be dictated by fact checkers,” - Romney pollster Neil Newhouse.
“We’re building an army over here and I can’t believe people aren’t seeing it. Is everybody blind?” City council meeting erupts in applause after ex-Marine issues dire warning about U.S. 'building a domestic army'.