Car selfies will drive us into the new year
Street performer gets shown up by little kid 
Man creates breathtaking art with just a pair of snowshoes
It’s fair to say these celebs are unfairly sexy
The weather is just right to build a fort
Betcha wish you had a TATTOO redo
User submit: I’d hang out-doors with this Cali girl
Dirty Friday: Russian car girls
Guys waiting for girls: we’ve all been there
Top paid musicians of 2013
Best news bloopers of 2013 
2013 best Photos of the Day: part 1
Some girls are just too cute for their own good
Merry Christmas Everybody!!!
Truth is…it’s OK to believe
Daily Afternoon Randomness
Step your holiday gift guide up to the next level
It’s Monday, you could use some motivation
Search the hills and the valleys to Find Her
FLBP doesn’t take a holiday break
Daily Morning Awesomeness
My favorite Tapiture photos of the week
Sooo… you got wasted
Sunday is a good day for lingerie
Cat Saturday: Christmas Edition
Let’s play connect the dots
Best photos of the week
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ
Step your holiday gift game up to the next level
Best links on the internet
20 interesting self-made billionaires
210 plastic bottles turned out to be the best dog gift EVER 
It’s almost the weekend, and I just DGAF
Animals wearing hoodies
Friendly seal says hello to duck hunters 
Friday Dopamine Dump
Mirror mirror on the wall
True heroic stories of pit bulls that saved the day
It’s Friday, you could use some photobombs
Girls who made amazing transformations in the name of health
I like girls because squishy
Care to see some Bad Ideas for the Weekend
Here comes yoga pants, here comes yoga pants, right down yoga pants lane
It’s a winter wonderland out there
Cleververy clever
10 facts about 10 popular Christmas films that you didn’t know
Only Chuck Norris could make Jean Claude Van Damme look not-badass 
Father home from deployment surprises his son while in opponent’s uniform at midfield 
I wish they weren’t, but these things are all just too true
Whatever happens don’t say Awwww
Science facts that will blow your mind
Tis the season to burn your bra
A few simple tips to help your food last longer
A woman’s abs are something like magic
Traffic reorganized by color 
Dream pads and trophy wives
Girls I can’t see clearly are such a wonderful tease
I miss college
The horror of a world without redheads is what keeps me up at night
I want thaaat
Father recreates favorite memories of the wife he lost with the help of his daughter
You can’t explain that. Don’t even try.
Katy Perry unplugged is actually shockingly good 
A few life hacks that actually work
If you like tattoos get in here
2013: A year of beautiful highs and devastating lows 
Don’t ever take yourself too seriously
A little inspiration goes a long way
Come on and do the humpty hump
Blow your mind
Helga Lovekaty can drop the hammer, man
Man attempts world record for breaking through glass 
I wish I could’ve been there for these beautiful moments
It’s hard to argue with that
Smart-ass replies to other people’s notes
A simple act of kindness and humility
Daily motivation
Animals that don’t suck
The last of the Samurai
Merry Christmas Exclamation Point, by Jon Lajoie 
How attached are cats to their owners? 
Work happens
OK, it’s fair to say the air pollution level in China has gotten well out of hand
Well put
Instead of an ordinary Christmas card, this family made a rap video #XMAS JAMMIES 
Believe in your selfie
Want vs Need
You better have yourself a low, down, dirty-good time
Original concept designs of cartoons from the ’80s, ’90s, and ’00s
There is such elegant beauty in a woman’s bare back
A couple’s heartbreaking and beautiful photo journey taken during their battle with cancer
22 amazing facts about tigers
Darwin’s exceptions
Take notes kids: this is how you sell a crappy car 
Crashing other people’s phone calls at the airport is the perfect holiday prank 
Life is short, have some fun
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras
You don’t see car crashes like this everyday
Need a second helping of #MondayBunday?
And we’ll all Float On. Ok, Find Her
Stevie Ray Vaughan’s guitar tech is smooth 
You can wear anything
What the fuuuu
Gaps on gaps on gaps
These signs full of ‘WTF’ have me at a loss for words
Life’s tough, get a dog
This African Safari wedding was one for the books
FLBP makes the beginning of the workweek suck just a little bit less
A few impressive facts about ‘The Nightmare before Christmas’
Snow fell in Cairo for the first time in 112 years
Robin Williams’ USO show gets interrupted, and he handles it like a pro 
Fire engine red is always a nice touch
The body is the greatest canvas
Nothing like some cute girls to warm up your winter
Some laws are taken less seriously than others
Cat Saturday
Join us tomorrow night at Vintage and Vixen for the Orlando Afterparty!
Alligator Vs. Housecatlet the games begin 
Paul Rudd shows the same clip every time he goes on Conan 
Bad girls bend at the waist
You have a beautiful reflection
These houses will be mine, oh yes, they will be mine
Looks like Santa has Bad Ideas for the Weekend
It’s Friday, we could all use a trip down memory lane
I’m still bikini dreaming in December
You see the strangest cars on the road these days
21 highest superhero salaries ever paid
Gou Miyagi does not skateboard how most people skateboard 
Police sketch artists can be surprisingly accurate
Father and son just broke the internet with this dance routine 
A few luxury yachts I’m barely capable of even dreaming up
Hungry yet?
Well played.
We’re gunna burn these bras to the ground
On Facebook, sometimes you’re ahead and sometimes you’re an idiot
Black is Beautiful
Russian model Vera Eremeychuk isn’t playing games
Police officer plays the piano on the street in Prague 
Towel Thursday will start your day off right
Auto camera rigs in high-res
Classic black and white photos getting colorized
25 facts about black holes that will consume your mind
Redheads brought the heat today
Ladies, promise me you will never take a lesson from this “tennis coach”
A children’s hospital brings some delightful Christmas cheer to its kids 
Taking teeterboarding to the next level 
Hello there, Colleen
These kids are going places
OK, I’ll admit it, I’m a little bit jealous
Hump Day is a wonderful thing
Snowboarder takes the quick way down the mountain 
The Daniel Day-Lewis acting method isn’t for the faint of heart
Damn. Now that’s impressive.
Nobody move, you’ll scare the downblouse away
Classy photographs of music legends by Jim Marshall
Interesting facts for those who thirst for knowledge
Epic pop-culture prints I’d proudly hang on my wall
NFL games over the years that were played in the elements
If you’re going to propose to a Bulls cheerleader, you better do it right 
This guy sings “Forgot About Dre” and brings the house down 
Celebrate the holiday season with a good game of beer pong
Scott Summit, making lives better with his breathtaking prosthetics
Not everything on Pinterest is as easy as it looks
Now that is brilliant
Sometimes four eyes are better than two
29 facts you might not know about Toy Story
So there was a beauty pageant in a Russian prison
Additional Tickets for the Orlando Official Meetup are Available Now!
Tis’ the season of Rap Boat 
Oh Sh!t
Let’s forget about the yoga pants and focus on the poses
Passive-aggressive notes are good, but they could be better
Why would you ever get out of bed?
I couldn’t have done it better myself
Beautiful homes in the middle of nowhere
A cafe that effectively attracts the public via chalkboard art
lowdowndirty
If only for a second 
Found: Lass Suicide
Abandoned places that are 2 spooky
Welcome to #MondayBunday
Epic “Don’t drink and drive” prank is the perfect wake-up call 
Gaps are like little gateways into paradise
Pack it up, pack it in, let me Find Her
Grandma always gives the best sweaters
Irishman describes his last fight 
I did not know men were capable of such evil
Do not want
The Beatles had a way with words when dealing with reporters
We all need words of inspiration from time to time
Redneck innovation
It’s an FLBP kinda Monday
Real people that decided to go full-blown doll
Said the cats to the dogs, “You shall not pass” 
Nature doesn’t mess around
Get lost in some eyes
The possible future of our world
Little Shakespeares in the making
You’re awesome
Paul Rudd and Jason Segal got incredibly stoned before an interview which looked something like this 
Mirrors are a girls best friend
You are hot, go directly to jail
Girls softball team doesn’t like umpire’s call, takes action 
A few life hacks to improve your day to day
Take a ride on the set of some popular films
Girls who love to have fun are why the sun comes back every day
F-117 Nighthawk in high-res
You can find beauty in the strangest places
Those dresses never looked happier
Rare photography of celebrities having fun
The surreal worlds created by artist Jee Young Lee
It’s late at night in New York City, and the original Disney actress is singing songs with you and a bunch of drunks 
I do what I want
Epic wedding ceremony was a battle for the ages 
Amazing portraits created by injecting paint into bubble wrap
Bras were made to be burned
Update on ‘Motorboating for a Good Cause’ 
More intriguing movie facts to wrap your brain around
So close!
My local barrista in no way resembles Jessica
I’ll take a dream pad with a trophy to match
I love a lady I’m a little bit afraid of
10 people you should know who are making the world a better place
Simply put, it’s hard to argue with that
My pulse races for redheads
Incredible facts about Earth
A helpful monkey teaches a human how to crush leaves 
Orlando Official Meetup Tickets are Available Now!
The ultimate pop music mashup of 2013 
Hump day is a good day
Don’t worry, it’ll buff out
In life there’s underboob and then there’s everything else
Please, let me help you
No sh*t
Please sir, take all of my nopes
What happens when you mix together two obnoxious songs? 
Young Sofia Vergara had it going on
Impeccably timed photos
Middle of the week, you should get away
You know, that’s a really good point right there
You can’t explain that
This girl’s artistic talent improved exponentially over the years
Sometimes kids say some creepy stuff to their parents
Actors then and now
Are you a Dadhole? 
I guarantee your day could be worse
Dog cheats snow maze in the most adorable way possible 
Mind-bending face paintings by Alexander Khokhlov
Well, that’s one way to do it
Nailed It!
Man found alive after 3 days trapped in air bubble of sunken ship 
Tug on your clothes. Teach them a lesson
Tattoos that deserve a little attention
Do you think anybody will ever know these are knockoffs?
I know one way to make kayaking more interesting
Health facts you might be interested to know
Get low, get down, get dirty, and have yourself a good time
50 states of LEGO
Trick Shot Titus the toddler is back, with Channing Tatum and Bradley Cooper 
It only comes once a year… Murray Christmas!
Dog is feeling the beat 
A few quick movie facts you likely never heard before
D.A.R. and R.A.D. are here!
Movie posters featuring the title of the book they were based on
It’s Monday, have a few gaps
Russian social networking is a whole different animal
Bill F#cking Murray, BFM 3D, and BFM Classic are back, baby!
My Drinking Organization has a Charity Problem is back!
Auburn’s amazing 109 yard game winning return against Alabama 
Adults who’ve got this “parenting” thing down pat
Yea, that seems legit
KCCO Black Lager Collection is live!
KCCO Winter Hoodies and KCCO short and long sleeves are here!
It’s Monday, better come out swinging with FLBP
The shirts we don’t speak of are available now!
Cyber Monday begins! Murray Claus available now! – SOLD OUT
The bigger they are the harder they Find Her
You missed it, didn’t you?
Hellenic Army vs Greek hot gals in high-res
Restaurant artist gets trolled masterfully by prankster
I think these Chinese character tattoos were lost in translation
Let’s give some love to some of the sexiest Jewish leading ladies in Hollywood
Sometimes, you just have to destroy a whole bunch of broken computers 
Smiles so bright, they could light up a room
Grab your rod, it’s time to go fishing
Kids are partially insane
You’ve got a beautiful reflection
Have a Happy Cat Thanksgiving
Cozy up this thanksgiving to some burning bras
Daily Morning Awesomeness: Thanksgiving Edition
A heavy dose of irony
A brilliant reconstruction of two fangirls’ Youtube conversation about ‘One Direction’ 
Damn Nature, you are one crazy Mother
Genius or Stupid
Awesome Dad turns his kids’ doodles in works of art
Well now that is impressive
Should have Pizza’d 
A few things you’ll be surprised to know actually have names
Found in Russia: Svetlana Bilyalova
I had that dream about yoga pants again
I bet you didn’t know that
A team of heroes on bikes, protecting abused children 
We’ve added one more date to the KCCO Black Lager tour. Here we come, Orlando!
Would you cross the line for…?
James Franco and Seth Rogen recreate Kanye West’s new video shot for shot 
The Chatroulette Version of Miley Cyrus’ Wrecking Ball is oddly accurate 
Well put.
Anybody interested in purchasing MJ’s 56,000 square foot house?
Proms are more than a little awkward
Those are some really nice lookin… outfits
All sports should be played like this 
Everything is true
Stunning coastlines from all over the world
25 intriguing time-related facts
Google has some interesting search suggestions
A young Pistons fan gets in a dance battle with an usher 
A family’s touching journey celebrating the life of their son born 14 weeks premature 
Irene Nell wearing a toboggan hat. That is all
Relationships can be a beautiful thing
Some gaps for your Monday blues
Tokyo’s fashion is like a knee to the groin
Bob Dylan’s new interactive music video is pretty mind blowing
I don’t even know what’s right anymore
If she’d only turn around we could Find Her
Captions go on pictures like white on rice
A few offices we would be more than happy to work at
For no rhyme or reasonstrange baths
This is what being a devoted husband looks like
Admit it, printers are kind of a$%holes
Start the short workweek with a big dose of FLBP
This might be one of the dumber things I’ve ever seen
We all get older, but some people will never change
A team of amazingly mature boys rally to support their bullied waterboy 
Terrible tattoos brought to life
I think it’s time for a vehicle upgrade
Beer pong trick shots that boggle the mind 
Now that’s my kind of party
You are an expert at reflection
Caution: slippery when wet
Sh*t fighter pilots don’t say 
Pour me some Bad Ideas for the Weekend
No thanks, I’d rather not…any of this
There’s wood carving, and then there’s this
Guy Fieri dubbed is a big ol’ feast of giggles 
Mac Faulkner is using the Twitter Machine unconventionally
The Modern Motorcycle Diaries 
Burn them, burn all the bra’s!
20 great films you can watch on netflix right now
The redheads are back, let us bow our heads in thanks
Nothing beats a woman’s POV
Shantytown: The worst nice place wealthy people love to visit
David Blane amazes Kanye West and other celebs with some stupid trick 
There’s a mystifying glory in the curve of an arched back
Facts and chicks…suddenly I hunger for information
This man makes great gaming/comic themed stained glass art
A few random facts about LOTR you might not have known
Just a kitten and a puppy wrestling, because why not? 
The Social House in Dallas and Amber in Seattle will host the KCCO Black after parties!
F*ck
Rare footage of Bill Murray performing tongue twisters for Laserdisc way back when 
Let’s keep Hump Day rolling with Bryana Holly
There is something special about Hump Day
Channing Tatum spoofs Jean Claude van Damme’s epic split 
I have so many questions
Nailed it!
Well played
Kids are a different breed
Chris Hardwick ended the last “Talking Dead” with a heartfelt message 
This is the story of a boy named Gio
Girls Are A$%holes: At a Bar 
Jack Vale uses social media in an intriguing street experiment 
Game On!!!
Famous people who were proud band geeks in their formative years
Tugging on your clothes is excellent stress relief
UK model Abigail Clancy vs toy tanks
The devastating aftermath caused by tornadoes that ripped through the Midwest
Bioluminescence sure is purdy
A low down dirty good time shall ensue
Drew Carey gets pranked by The Price is Right crew 
Guy leaves the best voicemail after witnessing a car accident 
Sir Stuffington is here to brighten up your Monday
Whelp, there’s another living doll in Russia
Just hangin’ out, not much to do? Find Her
25 actors that turned up on ‘Seinfeld’ before they ever made it big
Let’s all take a minute to mind the gap
That’ll buff out
The Victorias Secret Fashion show is always good for a gander
Batkid saves city, restores faith in humanity
More amazing art from Liu Bolin, aka the “invisible man”
Monday hits like a tire iron, thankfully FLBP strikes back
Disney inspired tattoos for the kid in us all
For fun one day, Ylvis decided to trap some people in an Ikea 
The mesh dress express
Some types of media aren’t even trying anymore
Cute girls will put a smile on your face
Welcome to derpville
An unbelievable display of sportsmanship is always refreshing to see 
Facebook: where idiots and geniuses collide
Miley Cyrus singing ‘Wrecking Ball’ in G-Majorwelcome to Hell 
Go ahead, play with your food
Actors revisiting Bond films as different characters
Enchanting windblown trees of New Zealand
Adorable little girl says bye to everyone at mall 
A few cooking hacks just in time for Thanksgiving Day
It’s Friday you could use some photobombs
Down in my Bad Ideas for the Weekend
Be bold, try a new desktop wallpaper
Stunning yearbook photos of casts from popular TV shows
Up close and personal photography of snowflakes
The 30 top selling Nintendo 64 games of all time
Logan Paul has definitely mastered the art of Vine 
Top 20 knockouts in UFC history 
Can’t go wrong with a Helen Owen Smile
Riding a bike at 50mph is a bad idea 
Well now that’s impressive right there
Bra’s were made to be burned
The coach that never punts 
The Miss Universe Parade of National Costumes
DC and Marvel characters get a Pixar makeover
Bare backs are beautiful like a fresh winter snow
Famous last words of a few historical figures
Girl draws self-portraits before and during LSD high
How to Metal: A death metal lesson with Super Quest 
Dallas and Seattle Official Meetup Tickets are available now!
This elephant really has it out for that stick 
Cross-eyed model embraced for her unique look
Some pets need a public shaming
Hump Day couldn’t have come sooner
Well that’s one way to get a whole butt load of kisses 
Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose
A war veteran died with nobody to attend his funeral. What happened next was astonishing
And then I became a fan: Tampa Bay cheerleaders
I couldn’t have done it any better myself
Perfectly sarcastic responses to silly Instagram photos
25 things you didn’t know about Black Friday
This 12 year old taught himself the Blue Devils snare book. Then he got the chance to perform it with them 
Daria Konovalova seems expensive
Killing campers can be strangely arousing 
That’s one helluva Foo Fighters drum cover 
People riding invisible bikes
I’m not condoning criminal activity, but if you’re gonna serve time this is the place to be
Jennifer Lawrence comforts little fan on the red carpet 
You’re doin’ it right
Youtube commenting if often highly underrated
Anybody remember these athlete-sponsored food products?
Boy, that escalated quickly
Let’s put some Asian in the equation, shall we
Captivating retro photos of New York
A Marine Sergeant Major subdues a dance floor 
Dallas and Seattle Official Meetup Tickets available this Wednesday at Noon PST!
Happy Veterans Day! Camo KCCO’s and FTWGA Tees Available Now!
Get on some next level sh*t
Two disabled girls who supported each other from around the globe finally meet 
Damn it feels good to be British
Help support Dakota Meyer and the Folds of Honor foundation 
Celebrities who served in the armed forces
Jimmy Fallon as Neil Young covers “Sexy and I Know It” 
Take the leap of Find Her
Like mother, like daughter
What the fuuu
I’ll just place these gaps right here
It’s fair to say these cars have seen better days
Real families, real people…this is Veterans Day
Going big on Veterans Day with FLBP
30 destinations that are even better during the winter
Signs full of ‘WTF’
Little girl tries whipped cream for the first time, can’t quite handle it 
She’s got legs for days
Join us tonight at Howl at the Moon and Fado’s for the Denver afterparty!
It’s called the golden years for a reason
Fun with statues!
My Drinking Organization Has A Charity Problem available now! – SOLD OUT
Yep, I’d say you nailed it
I have no idea what’s happening here, but I’m very impressed 
Forever alone, it happens to the best of us
Good news, your mirror works!
Some kids are too cool for school
I can’t prove these are photoshopped, but I have my suspicions
Mind-blowing facts about Mount Everest
Please nobody tell these girls how their clothes are supposed to work
Welcome to my Bad Ideas for the Weekend
Girls are working out hard for the weekend
Sometimes Panoramic photos go horribly wrong
Comedian Myles Weber deals with a heckler perfectly 
The 1st Annual Green Gala –  classy and unhinged
Take your selfies on the road
Five year old genius Arden Hayes interviewed/questioned by Jimmy Kimmel 
Karma happens to good people too
Why are bras even a thing?
A few interesting facts you likely didn’t know about World War I
Justin Bieber caught with prostitute in Brazil 
You see some strange rides on the road
Louisa Marie takes on the F-16 in high-res
All aboard the redhead trolley!!
Against the odds, these celebrity couples have gone the distance
This is what happens to video stores when they die
Two Formula One race cars, .009 seconds apart 
What wizardry is this? 
Melissa Smith pays it forward. Meet Addyson
German street performer surprised by original artist 
Oh the irony
Ode to Humps
I see what you did there
You know, sometimes a free dinner just isn’t worth it
Yahoo Q & A can be a troll’s paradise
Brilliant tattoo cover-up jobs
You know, you make a very good point
Meanwhile in Mother Russia
The 25 wealthiest people on the planet
It’s here! The best Vines compilation for October 
All bacon everything
Blob launch doesn’t end well 
Skydivers escape with their lives when two planes collide midair 
You just might be too awesome for your own good
Just livin’ the dream
The 30 best selling NES Games of all time
You’re doing it wrong
Quotes that will inspire you to write more
Jordan Carver can’t figure out what to wear
Tugging on your clothes will keep you warm
Cute, athletic, hot…this blond’s got it
Wow, it’s really hard to argue with that
Never let good downblouse go to waste
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time
A well executed ‘Jurassic Park’ inspired office
An astronaut’s guide to life on Earth 
Electrical fireball passing by on power lines in Montreal 
Mind the gap
Interesting photos from throughout history
Kids are an enigma wrapped in a riddle
Adult entertainer drops the lbs.
Monday morning redneck boat jump 
I direct you to Find Her
FLBP…mother of God, FLBP
Facebook Posts: the good, the bad, and the ugly
Halloween costumes are EVERYWHERE — Part Deux
A man’s road to recovery after suffering a traumatic head injury
Detroit’s Mower Gang is fighting the good fight 
Every street should have a little bit of art
Twitter: The Comic
Some restaurants know how to have fun
CHIBI the awesome robotic dancer 
That is not what I expected
Happy national walk of shame day!
The tallest man in the world just got hitched
Lifehacks don’t need to be complicated 
I’m a big fan of your reflection
Love is blind
So who’s hungry?
Halloween’s done…but not my camouflage Bad Ideas for the Weekend
A little redneck innovation never hurt anybody
Now that Halloween’s over, it’s time to kill some pumpkins! 
Sweet dreams this Halloween
An amazing paranormal activity prank 
Burn your bra for the perfect costume!
Major actors that got their start in scary movies
Brilliant. Simply brilliant.
This cafe is a real hoot
Bus driver saves woman from jumping off bridge 
It’s dangerous to go alone on Towel Thursday
New mail order brides asking permission to come aboard
The cast of ‘Halloween’ then and now
A few random facts I bet you didn’t know
Look lively, gentlemen, the redheads are here
A construction worker gets down on his lunch break 
LA and Denver Official Meetup tickets are available now!
Danielle Lo’s tush and beer. I submit it doesn’t get much better
Incredible New York artwork in just over 6 minutes 
Movie plot holes that should have been thought through
When Rachel Nordtømme photographs her training everybody wins
Hump day is best day
Tow truck driver has a bad day 
The last meals of notably famous people
Halloween costumes are EVERYWHERE — Part 1
64-year old man defies age and gets in killer shape
Behind the scenes on set of ‘The Shining’
The things people say they regret the most in their old age
British grandma goes on a GTA V rampage 
Brazilian baron buries million dollar Bentley
10-month-old baby tears up when her mother sings 
Everyday items used to make creative illustrations by artist Javier Perez
A few more images that will ruin your childhood
Genius or stupid?
Some of the earliest known photos of 12 major US cities
Do you ever have that dream where you forgot your pants?
Andrew Hales pretends to be Macklemore 
Banksy left his mark on NYC the only way he knows how
Next up to bat: Red Sox girls
A low, down & dirty wonderland
At times we all need a little inspiration to get us through life
No thanks, I’d rather not
The Ohio State marching band’s Hollywood Blockbuster Show is on another level 
If you are in Orlando, Tampa, Miami, Phoenix or San Diego and want to carry KCCO Black Lager, contact us now!
His wife definitely wears the pants
Well hello there. Find Her
LA and Denver Official Meetup Tickets available this Wednesday at Noon PST!
A few last minute halloween costumes for all you lazy people
What if Wes Anderson made a horror film? 
Got gap?
Perfectly timed photos brought to you by sports
These people exist
Raiders QB runs 93 yard touchdown 
What’s not to love about sexy Halloween costumes?
Clever…very clever
The legend behind some of your favorite classic movie posters
Monday again, better send in the FLBP STAT
It’s incredible what artists can carve out of a piece of wood
This is my idea of a happy marriage 
My favorite Tapiture photos of the week 
Life is Awesome! 
From Asia, with love 
Sooo… you got wasted 
Betcha wish you had a TATTOO redo 
User submit: I’d hang out-doors with this Cali girl 
Dirty Friday: Russian car girls 
Cat Saturday 
Fastest guitarist In The World , Vahid Iran Shahi 
It wouldn’t be the Internet without horse masks 
Best photos of the week 
Daily Afternoon Randomness 
Car selfies are driving us into the future 
Not all Halloween costumes were created equal 
Friday Dopamine Dump 
Robotboys choreographed dance routine hardly seems human 
It’s almost the weekend and I just DGAF 
Some of the most misquoted movie lines ever 
I think this sheep needs a lozenge 
Yep, your mirror works! 
You can’t explain that 
I like girls because squishy 
It’s Friday, you could use some photobombs 
All signs point to Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
I love when people go the extra mile to deck out their house in Halloween paraphernalia 
Welcome to the magical world of yoga pants 
Anybody for a quick trip down memory lane? 
Daily Morning Awesomeness 
Arnold Schwarzenegger makes a man with Down syndrome feel proud and powerful 
Daily Afternoon Randomness 
Sail by Awolnation played on Musical Tesla coil 
Join us tonight at Tony and Joe’s for the DC afterparty!
Holy Sh#^, this man turned a complete Disney map into a Halloween costume 
Hungry yet? 
With that attitude, I don’t know why women don’t come flocking 
Photoshop skills on another level 
Burn your bra, it’s the right thing to do 
A restaurant that turns discarded food into meals 
So close! 
Reading Hong Kong movie subtitles makes me drunk with confusion 
Why would you ever get out of bed? 
Dad makes an LED suit for his kids halloween costume 
Found: Malia Angelique 
26 wondrous images of earth taken from space 
GAME ON!!! 
You might be interested to learn the celebrity voices behind these cartoon characters 
An exhilarating ride inside the helmet on the world’s tallest backflip 
Daily Afternoon Randomness 
Famous YouTuber gets towed, then whines like a baby only to get a hilarious response from the guy who towed him 
Awww yeeaa, it’s Hump Day! 
Nailed it! 
A little inspiration goes a long way 
Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose 
The ‘what does the fox say’ guys are back with a song about our 14th biggest state 
Black is Beautiful 
That is seriously impressive 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
Weddings can be strange, man 
Let’s get this started, first up to bat: Cardinals girls 
A few interesting facts about being left-handed 
Often times it’s the small things in life that will drive you mad 
Animals that don’t suck 
Daily Morning Awesomeness 
Shake: wet dogs drying off 
Come join us for Happy Hour tonight at Speakeasy in Austin
RUN DMA Tee available now!
Work happens 
I can’t even dream about being this awesome with nunchucks 
Creative typography is more than just words 
These girls will get you sweating 
Well put. 
In a zombie apocalypse, accept no substitute for this killer car 
Cat investigates windshield wipers, and then… 
Depressed overweight man takes control of his life, becomes a hunk 
Historically significant moments in time 
Want vs Need 
It’s hard to be bored when you’re tugging on your clothes 
A cute helicopter goes well with these cute gal’s 
More clever Halloween costumes to help with the brainstorming process 
Get low, get down, get dirty and have yourself a good time 
The world captured at just the right moment 
Daily motivation 
Sports facts that will make you feel old 
A powerful re-edit of one of my favorite speeches, “The Pale Blue Dot” 
Living with Jigsaw can be really tiresome 
Famous paintings redone with superheroes 
Adrenaline junkies don’t know the meaning of “self-preservation” 
Mind the gap 
Goodbye duckface, hello sparrowface 
I have so many questions 
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras 
Sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you Find Her 
Phoenix Coyotes goalie scores incredible goal 
Oh sh!t 
It’s Monday, you could use some motivation 
The history and evolution of the “#Selfie” phenomenon 
Signs full of ‘WTF’ 
Life’s tough, get a dog 
Rise and shine, campers, FLBP waits for no one 
Video game graffiti is a beautiful sight 
The Dust Bowl was no walk in the park 
Today’s challenge: try to enjoy your job as much as this guy 
I really love your… outfit 
Soooo you got wasted 
The Boston Meetup Afterparty will be at Royale
Every cute girl comes with a ray of sunshine 
I think you may need a different vehicle 
Best Photos of the week 
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ 
Welcome to the internet 
F*ck yeah! 
The Scary Snowman Cometh — Halloween Special 2013 
Friday Dopamine Dump 
I really like your reflection 
Now that’s my kinda party! 
Parenting isn’t necessarily for everyone 
It’s Friday, you could use some photobombs 
Giving $100 to homeless people 
Angels with dirty faces 
The line is fine between art and Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
It’s hard to argue with that 
Clever ads are a refreshing sight to see 
They call ‘em “shorts” for a damn good reason 
This is how dreams are born 
Tonight’s afterparty is at Benchmark in Chicago!
I have a man crush on Ron Swanson 
And now a bad lip reading of ‘Game of Thrones’ 
I did not know men were capable of such evil 
Bras were made to be burned 
I’ll take one dream pad with a trophy to match 
Take your pumpkin carving to the next level 
Little known facts about some popular movies 
Construction isn’t for everybody 
I do what I want 
Motorboating for a good cause 
Honest company slogans 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have liftoff 
Friendly leopard seal tries to teach photographer to hunt 
Nothing beats a woman’s POV 
It was a different time, a less colorful time 
Redheads…you had me at, “Hello, my hair is red” 
Darwin’s exceptions 
Celebrities up close and personal 
This U.S. Airman won the girlfriend lottery 
The incredible emotional roller coaster of a drunk man holding a pizza 
Stand aside for the parade of humps 
What the fuuuu 
Faith in humanity restored 
Microscopes are a portal to another, more awesome universe 
Washington DC and NYC Official Meetup tickets are available now!
A few lifehacks to make your life a little easier 
Heather transforms into pure cosplay sex appeal 
Guys, wear a suit correctly and women will be putty in your hands 
The good ol’ gold digger prank 
I wish they weren’t, but these things are all just too true 
Middle of the week, you should get away 
A few unusual facts you more than likely didn’t know 
Pumpkin art from Rhode Island’s ‘Jack-O-Lantern Spectacular’ 
A Venezuelan man with muscular dystrophy finished the Chicago Marathon this weekend 
Canadian KCCO’s, including new Canadian KCCO flags and patches, are here!
The best DJ in the worldwait for it…
The best images the 2013 New York Comic Con had to offer 
Abandoned bobsled track in Bosnia is spook central 
Work Happens 
Steven Ogg 
Names, frankly, only a mother could love 
Well I’ll be, that’s a really good point 
Believe in your selfie 
I miss college
These were definitely not photoshopped 
Bare backs have such a powerful beauty 
If you enjoy ‘The Walking Dead’ these memes are for you 
This is the Panavia Tornado in high-res 
Nobody move, you’ll scare the downblouse away 
A few fun Halloween costumes to help kick-start the brainstorming process 
Now Hiring 
A few notable movies that were actually based on books 
“Day Man” from Always Sunny, as performed by Japanese kindergartners 
Banksy secretly sells street art in New York to unknowing customers for $60
How ’bout thatthat bear can tetherball 
The transformative power of makeup 
Tickets for the KCCO Black Lager Tour in DC and NYC available Wednesday!
It’s time to mind some gaps 
Redneck innovation might not be pretty, but it gets the job done 
It’s getting chilly outside, Find Her 
Living with lions 
I wish I could’ve been there for these beautiful moments 
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras 
Yea, that’ll buff out 
Amazing watercolor style tattoos 
The proper way to play chess 
Grab a cup of Joe and enjoy some Monday FLBP 
You missed it, didn’t you? 
Brilliant handcrafted sets from popular films 
Liftware: the life-changing invention for people with tremors 
Get lost in some eyes 
People with worse jobs than you 
Soooo you got wasted 
The time you have in jellybeans 
Hot girls in the middle of nowhere 
Jaden Smith’s timeless twitter wisdom 
Cat Saturday 
The best selfies from GTAV 
Best photos of the week 
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ 
Let’s drink Austin dry this weekend.
Some people are a little slow on the uptake 
Bride to be puts wedding on hold seven years for a great cause 
Brides throwing cats 
Do something innovative this weekend 
Friday Dopamine Dump 
Mirror mirror on the wall 
Bull Terrier puppy vs. crab in the ultimate showdown of cuteness 
There is no limit to how awesome people can be 
Treat yourself to some cake for getting through another week 
Caution: Slippery when wet 
Get down with my Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Pierre Jean “Buster” Martin lived one helluva life 
I want thaaat 
Enchanting locations around the world 
Famous food and drinks from moves and television 
The Archer team “Archer-ized” the Danger Zone music video from Top Gun, and it’s everything you’d hope for 
Kid has a delightful conversation with himself in the bathroom 
Chicago and Boston Official Meetup tix are available now!
Car selfies make traffic not suck 
I’ll take one dream house with a trophy to match 
Behind the scenes of some awesome films 
A few interesting Easter Eggs from ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ 
19 Year old NHL rookie scores amazing trick shot 
Please, let me help you 
Burn your bra, for the greater good 
New Zealand caves that glow like the night sky 
In three hours, Chicago and Boston Official Meetup tix will be available!
You can’t explain that 
Girls who love to have fun are why stars shine in the night sky 
Smokin’ hot Darya Klishina carries Russia to outer-space…in high-res 
Welcome to ‘Life Hacks 101′ 
Revel in the redheaded splendor 
One of the cooler coffee cafes I’ve ever seen 
When your dad has never been to a football game before, there’s not much you can do better than surprising him with tickets 
Daily Afternoon Randomness 
Golden retriever really loves to listen to its master playing the guitar 
Happy Hump Day! 
Captions go with pictures like white on rice 
Sometimes too much is just enough 
Belgian firefighters have a funny way of handling the riot police 
Some kids take their halloween costumes to the next level 
Looks can be deceiving…
3 year old dominates golf shots 
Well, that’s one way to do it 
Get low, get down, get dirty and have yourself a good time 
A few mind boggling facts about our world 
Animals that don’t suck 
On Facebook, sometimes you win and sometimes you lose 
Do you like your celebs blonde or brunette? 
A selfish woman holds up an entire train waiting for her friend. Then, justice is served. 
Work happens 
David Andrew Brent does an amazing Arnold Schwarzenegger impression 
Civil War Soldiers or Hipsters? 
It’s nearly impossible to argue with kid logic 
Smiles so bright they could light up a room 
I don’t even know what’s right anymore 
Everything in this gallery is true 
Why would you ever get out of bed? 
I miss college
Insane truck snowbank jump 
The ‘Tomb of the Unknown Soldier’ around the globe 
Photographer defines alluring 
Daily Motivation 
Nailed it! 
Bikini season was good…but it’s over now 
That’s no cave. It’s a space station! 
Introducing WildCat 
Kayaking down a concrete drainage ditch at nearly 35 MPH 
The land of the gaps 
The Versace Mansion sells for $41.5 Million 
A few celebrities that at one point were roommates 
Tilt-shift photography turns life into a miniature playground 
Your training is complete, Find Her 
The brighter side of the Russian dash cam 
Well, this is officially the strangest painting technique ever 
You can wear anything 
This restaurant is a dump 
It’s Monday, you could use some motivation 
What a wonderfully clever name you have 
So it’s Monday, big deal 
When another workweek hits I turn to FLBP 
Stunning photos of our planet taken from space 
Daily Morning Awesomeness 
A Danish artist deals with a pony thief in the nicest way possible 
Soooo you got wasted 
Red Lipstick is always a nice touch 
Cat Saturday 
Not all tattoos are bad 
Scarlett Johansson has fallen down 
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ 
Get that girl some more mirrors! 
A few of the best photos of Mars taken by NASA’s Orbiter 
Sometimes vending machines are a little unnecessary 
Don’t ever take yourself too seriously 
Sometimes on a Friday you have to get low, down and dirty for a good time 
Horse trolls cameraman 
Upshirt shots make all other poses seem silly 
Cut to it…high-res Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
A little nostalgia is just what we need at the end of a long week 
Those dresses never looked happier 
You can find beauty in the strangest places 
A few celebs who looked damn good in the 1970′s 
Daily Morning Awesomeness 
It’s Friday. Be this guy today. 
Puppy lets us hear his battle cry 
Amazing structure climbs with a side of nope 
So you pull up to the drive thru at Bottoms Up Espresso and then Amber 
Even Smokey approves of burning bras 
I do what I want 
Innovative street art by DALeast 
Well Played 
Party spots hookup in progress, cheers them on 
Halloween horror Cosplay costumes done right 
Father given only months to live walks his daughters down the aisle 
Tug on your clothes and show them who’s boss 
Lady logic, good luck deciphering that code 
Every year tattoo lovers around the world make the pilgrimage to the London International Tattoo Festival 
I can’t imagine a world without redheads 
A few sad but true signs that you are getting old 
Even Gordon Ramsay makes people feel good sometimes 
And now hand flute playing by Mitsuhiro Mori 
First Hump Day of October! 
KCCO and KCCO long sleeves return along with the last-chance for Spring Hoodies!
Seems legit… 
I’m suddenly not hungry 
Cats have a weird pervy thing for bras 
Whoah baby! That’s impressive 
The ‘drive thru skeleton prank’ may have the best reactions yet 
Did a submarine just emerge in the middle of the street? 
There are so many places to grow up 
Facts that you more than likely didn’t know 
In life there’s underboob and then there’s everything else 
Animals that don’t suck 
Photographer Fedor Shmidt was born on Hump Day 
Kids are strange 
Meet Milly, the world’s smallest dog 
The Ohio State Buckeyes welcome back local anchor Dom Tiberi after the loss of his daughter 
Tickets for the KCCO Black Lager Tour in Austin available tomorrow!
The 2013 KCCO Black Lager Meetup Dates are all set!
Bryan Cranston’s advice to aspiring actors 
Believe in your selfie 
Happy Socktober 
50 Unbelievable facts about Earth 
Want vs Need 
A new defense against criminals 
Well put. 
I keep telling Alex she needs a new camera, photos still turn out OK 
People with their art doppelgangers 
Insanely low wing-suit flyby 
The things police officers see on a daily basis must be a trip 
I gotta get me a goofy girl 
High-res in flight refueling 
I miss college
Subways are a perfect melting pot for the strange and the bizarre 
Now versus then: 10 classic video games that got a massive upgrade 
This is what concentrated fear looks like 
Now this is how you quit a job 
Daily Afternoon Randomness 
Boxer gets put in his place by a ref 
Pregnant woman won’t stop working out 
It’s Monday you could use some motivation 
It’s hard to argue with that 
It’s never not a good time for a drink 
Up Up Down Down Left Right B A Start Finding Her 
I’ll take one dream home with a trophy to match 
Cat eats with a fork 
You’re doing it wrong 
Pizza monstrosities 
Quick no time to explain, Mind the Gap! 
OK, I’ll admit it, I’m a little bit jealous 
A few interesting facts about ‘Breaking Bad’ in honor of the show’s wrap 
As the reality of Monday sets in, grab yourself a coffee, relax, and indulge in some FLBP 
Escape to an amazing hotel in the Maldives 
13 Facts about McDonald’s that will blow your mind
This talented team of college engineers built a robotic arm for a grateful teenager 
Soooo you got wasted 
Sunday is a good day for lingerie 
Cat Saturday 
Girls and surfboards are a great combination 
First you herp, then you derp 
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ 
You don’t have to be a fan of the Yankees or baseball to appreciate Mariano Rivera’s final farewell 
Mirrors are a girls best friend 
Do something innovative this weekend 
How to take amazing quality close-up photos with your camera phone 
Meanwhile, in the world I wish I lived in… 
A tribute to the fallen men who stormed the beaches of Normandy 
I wish everyday was an epic pool party water slide extravaganza 
Bad girls bend at the waist 
Simply put, Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
It’s that time of year again
I had that dream about yoga pants again 
Take a sneak peek behind-the-scenes look at ‘Dumb and Dumber To’ 
You can’t explain that 
Magnificent machinery 
This RC man on a broomstick will be the best thing ever come Halloween 
Let’s try this again – KCCO’s and BFM’s are back online! UPDATE: SOLD OUT
The Originals are back! Men’s and Women’s KCCO’s and BFM’s finally return!
A best man song “We Are Brothers” by Baddy Paris and Rufus Starlight that’s officially the strangest thing I’ve seen all month 
In honor of the return of BFM, enjoy some fantastic Bill Murray fan art 
I do what I want 
This is a no bra zone 
This guy and his incredible beard 
Interesting facts about our sun 
A view from inside the cockpits of various flying machines 
Kissing, you’re doing it wrong 
Firefighter saves kitten from burning house 
Girls I can’t see clearly are such a wonderful tease 
Much like supermodels, I will be looking but never touching houses like these forever 
Let’s put some Asian in the equation, shall we 
Graffiti can be a wonderful thing 
An epic lip-synch battle took place between Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Stephen Merchant, and Jimmy Fallon 
Kid has the difference between guys and girls all figured out 
Pixar’s 22 Rules of Storytelling 
Please let me help you 
Real life celebrity look-alikes 
What the fuuuu 
I don’t need to tell you what day it is 
A few signs that you might live in the ghetto 
Take a trip to the lovely Cano Cristales, aka ‘The river of five colors’ 
Idiot driver cuts off traffic, flips the bird, gets nailed by trolly 
Emma Glover is using the Twitter Machine properly 
I wish they weren’t, but these things are all just too true 
Missiles vs hot blonds in high-res 
Being stuck in the “Friendzone” is no way to go through life 
A few paintings done by noteworthy famous people 
Animals, you know I can’t stay mad at you 
Dogs wearing booties for the first time 
This is the story of American Hero, Sean Pesce 
There’s something oddly amusing about GIFS set to music 
Gee golly willikers, you make a good point! 
Good luck keeping up with these girls 
Famous predictions about technology that were way off the mark 
The key to being a good parent is being awesome 
Oh Sh!t 
Goalie scores an unlikely goal 
Mich Kemeter breaks his own world ‘slacklining’ record over a perfect mirrored lake 
Is it fair to assume that you have a dirty mind? 
The grandest curve of all, the arched back 
Expectations versus reality 
These Navy humanitarians will give you a powerful reason to be proud 
There’s something spectacular about Oktoberfest that I can’t put my finger on 
In Poland, they have a knight fight club 
No sh*t 
A man that can shred on a guitarwith his toes 
Gaps to ease the Monday blues 
You won’t recognize the actor but you’ll recognize his roles 
It’s Indian Summer, Find Her 
What are friends for, after all? 
Bat dad knows the proper way to be a parent 
I don’t even know what’s right anymore 
That’ll buff out 
That’s one helluva motorbike 
Products from the past that somehow didn’t pan out 
Mondays suck, but FLBP will help soften the blow 
Brilliant plant sculptures from the 2013 Montreal International Mosaicultures 
Redesigned NFL logos that are not half bad 
Fashion sense is all in the eye of the beholder 
It’s official, “Breaking Bad” props are on sale 
A courageous man stands up to a bike thief 
Life is Awesome! 
Sometimes four eyes are better than two 
Soooo you got wasted 
Happy Birthday Bill Murray! BFM surprise launch!
Kids, they’re like dogs that can sorta talk 
Takin’ hair to another level 
Cat Saturday 
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ 
5 Year old gets protection from her trusty German shepherd 
Tiny things are like normal things, but tiny 
I think this guy might’ve broke the Bro-dometer 
Lies!! All lies!!! 
It’s almost the weekend and I just DGAF 
You’ve got an amazing reflection 
An old Peugeot 406 goes through an amazing transformation 
Tandem wake surfing proposal is just beautiful 
It’s Friday, you could use some photobombs 
Please nobody tell these girls how their clothes are supposed to work 
Life’s short, have some fun 
Those dresses never looked happier 
GAME ON!!! 
Beautiful women from generations past 
If you ever lose faith in humanity, this little boy has you covered 
Car selfies send it in to overdrive 
I do what I want 
They call her the French Kim Kardashian 
Crazy Russian has a very particular set of skills 
Every bra should come with a lighter 
Nothing beats a woman’s POV 
If you put inspiring fitness quotes over pictures of drinking, they get significantly more awesome 
35 Year old prison officer stuns X-Factor judges 
A fully functional DIY NES controller coffee table?! 
Band of Brothers: Where Are They Now? 
Hungry yet? 
Odds are this will make many of you feel real old 
11 of the world’s best new skyscrapers 
Towel Thursday is the best start to a day 
Nothing marks the beginning of Fall like redheads 
30 interesting facts about Halloween 
Female celebs and their porn star doppelgangers 
An obese couple decided to journey together on a mission to shed the pounds 
Frustrated, man sets up camera to figure out how his dog escapes from the kitchen every night 
Somebody strapped a GoPro to an eagle and the results were simply stunning 
Get on some next level sh*t 
Anna Kendrick is using the Twitter Machine properly 
It’s hard to argue with that 
Hump day couldn’t have come sooner! 
Some moments are just more beautiful than the rest 
Heroic neighbors rescue man from burning building in NYC 
Celebrate ‘National Cheeseburger Day’ with 10 of the best joints in America 
Genius or stupid? 
The curves from Canada, Veronica Black 
I have so many questions 
Animals that don’t suck 
Middle of the week, you should get away 
The s#%* you see in nightclubs these days 
British woman dances like nobody’s watching 
Men’s and Women’s Canadian KCCO’s are back!
“Kinetic sand” is a mind-meltingly intriguing toy 
I’m going to let you have all of my Nopes 
If you die in Canada, do you die in real life? 
Black is Beautiful 
Those are really nice… clothes 
You’re doing it right 
Guys rig up buddies plumbing with beer while he’s away 
I miss college
The dark and beautiful brilliance of Terry Pratchett 
Why would you ever get out of bed? 
In the wake of the devastating Colorado floods 
Get low, get down, get dirty and have yourself a good time 
In life, there’s underboob and then there’s everything else 
Comedy Gold 
Pit bull, down on her luck, gets a much needed fresh start 
The cutest girls from Comic Con 2013 
Russian photos only a mother could love 
Tipping servers $200 
Monty Python and the Holy Grail gets a trailer updated to modern times 
If you find five dollars, put it to good use 
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras 
Big leopard likes to be pet 
Cute couple gets married for love, she keeps gettin’ cuter 
Quick, no time to explain, mind these gaps! 
It’s Monday you could use some motivation 
Used tires get new life after being transformed into priceless art 
If you look hard enough, you’ll Find Her 
You can wear anything 
On the set of Breaking Bad 
YepNailed It 
You can’t spell Monday without ‘F-L-B-P’ 
Woman who lost both arms doesn’t let that get in the way of her dream 
This is what happens when a bodybuilder takes on a professional arm wrestler 
Grab your rod, it’s time to go fishing! 
Hot girls in the middle of nowhere 
Start your day off with a dose of cuteness 
No big deal, they’re only permanent 
Four new designs from the Buy Me Brunch brain trust are here!
You are so very awesome 
Owner figures out foolproof strategy to wake up his excessively sleepy dog 
Life is one big glamour shot 
Friday Dopamine Dump 
A few interesting notes about naps 
Mirror mirror on the wall 
The best costumes of Dragon Con 2013 
It’s impossible to look cool riding a Segway, especially if you can’t even do it 
I like girls because squishy 
Good luck with my high-res Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
I want thaaat 
The most bizarre contests in the world that inexplicably exist 
Celebrate the end of a long week with yoga pants 
I think this guy is really excited about the iPhone 5S 
A group of drunken hooligans out on the town, up to some good 
It’s Not Porn… It’s HBO
Keep your selfies mobile 
Floods happen, doesn’t mean you can’t have a little fun 
Don’t let those bras hold you down! 
Blow your mind 
Or do you prefer your abs well done? 
That’s pretty impressive right there 
A woman’s abs are something like magic 
Random facts you more than likely didn’t know 
Man tries to carry his girlfriend through rain, it doesn’t go well 
There’s such beautiful power in a woman’s bare back 
College dorms have changed a great deal in the last 110 years 
Redheads, redheads, my kingdom for redheads 
In photography timing is everything 
A bus driver had to work on his birthday, so his coworkers arranged this… 
A 4-year old kid that can rap you under the table 
KCCO Black Lager is coming to Denver. Sign up here to be the first to carry the Black!
The Detroit Lions invite Griffin Stein to football practice 
A beauty mask that definitely won’t creep the Hell out of you or anything 
F*ck! 
Take a free tour of the world’s most expensive holiday resort 
Kick back and enjoy Hump Day! 
I’ll take a dream pad with a trophy to match 
Well played, sir. Well played indeed. 
That amazing tush belongs to Alysha Nett 
There are just some things you shouldn’t share on Facebook 
Secret watermelon smoothie hack 
Well put 
25 extremely bizarre court cases that actually happened 
Things that will put a smile on your face 
In a perfect world, this is how all phones would work 
The amazing, and highly unexplainable, “Rubber Man” 
Well, that’s one way to do it 
Late for a date and have nothing to wear? Fear not! 
Enjoying the last of summer girls before the winter hibernation 
Work happens 
Burning Man 2013 was a special kind of sh#%-show 
Captions go on photos like white on rice 
The most chaotic catch in MLB 
House built with an underground home has quite the enchanting scenic view 
A low, down, dirty good time shall ensue 
If you like tattoos get in here 
Tug on your clothes till your arm gets tired 
Jets may need some help Thursday from their cheerleaders 
You can’t explain that 
A little inspiration is just what we all need 
Daily Morning Awesomeness 
No, you adorable little bugger, that’s not a wobbly sausage 
Vin Diesel gives Rihanna’s ‘Stay’ his best shot, and somehow my mind hasn’t figured out how to process all this 
I wish they weren’t, but these things are all just too true 
Previous roles you might remember seeing cast members from the ‘Game of Thrones’ 
These gaps aren’t going to mind themselves 
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras 
Nailed it! 
A few quick ways to make everyone hate you 
Girl asks the internet to photoshop a better background 
Praying mantis is done with your sh*t 
A clever way to spruce up an otherwise boring apartment building 
It’s Monday, you could use some motivation 
Look both ways and Find Her 
Signs full of ‘WTF’ 
Double your pleasure, double your fun…FLBP 
Family man builds a hyper-realistic Boeing 737 cockpit 
Put modestly, Dubai is a very different world 
Alright Sophie, watch the Cheerio closely, you can do this 
Soooo you got wasted 
I’ll give it to the French, lingerie was a great idea 
Koren Shadmi has a unique outlook of society 
They call it the golden years 
The news industry is a respected business 
The Korean Photoshop trolls strike again 
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ 
Spider-Man visits kid with an amazing surprise 
Do something innovative this weekend 
One man’s Craigslist quest to find a new roommate 
Making mirrors look good 
Breaking in to Mike Tyson’s abandoned mansion 
25 places to travel in your lifetime 
96 year old poker player obliterates opponent 
The Church of Saint George in Lalibela 
It’s Friday, you could use some photobombs 
Crawling: an underrated way to get places 
This should be fun…my Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Sometimes parents get it just right 
Those dresses never looked happier 
NFL tattoos: the good, the bad, and the ugly 
A possible job interview scenario via Google Glass 
So this has to be the worst twerking fail ever 
Zoe Lush takes her first steps 
Tiny things are like normal things, but tiny 
The best Vines of August. I could watch these all day 
Movie posters recreated with clip art 
It’s fair to say this man has an interesting collection 
Random fact of the day, bras are stupid 
The cat elevator 
It’s just so brilliant! 
Monsters & machines of the Isle of Nantes 
Hungry yet? 
Leaving passive aggressive notes to kids I imagine is one of the great perks of being a parent 
Why would you ever get out of bed? 
Blue Angels in high-res 
Finally, yoga pants season is just around the corner 
20 interesting football facts to kick off the NFL season 
Darwin’s exceptions 
The Japanese have a new kind of lighter, and a VERY new way to advertise it 
Did you think the party was over? Second Hump Day post. HQ. BOOM! 
Monkey’s first day in the snow is priceless 
Guest editor Matt Lochrie presents: Minimalistic film posters 
The new iPhone app is here! The return of HUMP DAY! 
Well that didn’t go as expected… 
A few examples of why it’s not always worth it to get fast food 
Please, just let me help you 
Everything is true 
Animals that don’t suck 
I don’t even know what’s right anymore 
A few facts about some of your favorite shows 
Boy with prosthetic legs swims with dolphin with artificial flipper 
Get low, get down, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
25 villains who had every reason to become exactly who they did 
iTunes shuffle. It always has your back 
3-year old gets his first bow and arrow set — it’s magical 
Diana Nyad’s historic swim from Cuba to Florida 
Forever alone is no way to go through life, Son 
Cat gets a back rub 
I’m having heart palpitations, Find Her 
Gee golly that’s a good point 
Believe in your selfie 
Lovely starlets from the Golden Age of film lounging at the beach 
What the fuuuu 
20 Japanese products it’s hard to wrap your mind around 
It just makes me happy to see a pretty girl laughing 
It’s Tuesday, you could use some motivation 
Cute nerdy girls, where have you been all my life? 
Successfully throwing the most generic surprise party ever 
I miss college
A few eye-opening facts about, well, your eyes 
This bicycle-powered tree house elevator is all of my childhood dreams coming true 
Soooo you got wasted 
Street art is awesome 
Web comics from the web 
Bringing it back 
These feelings… are they wrong? 
Best photos of the week 
KCCO and BFM weren’t available this month. So let’s have a contest!
This conductor wields amazing powers over his band 
Meanwhile, in the world I wish I lived in… 
Lets sit back and reflect on this 
It’s never not a good time for a drink 
A few facts you can drop on your friends this weekend to sound smart 
Go ahead, play with your food 
Happy soon-to-be Labor Day, ‘Merica 
Bad girls bend at the waist 
Say hello to my Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
It has been far too long since our last trip down memory lane 
Girls are working out hard for the weekend 
They said I could be anything
Clever dad hacks his daughter to stop her crying 
KCCO tees and Spring Hoodies return!
We gave the worst tour of Hollywood, ever 
Damn nature, you crazy! 
Going to prison in Norway is nicer than some vacations 
My new favorite artist does an excellent cover of AC/DC’s ‘Highway to Hell’, or so I’m told 
Hey, I get that reference! 
Every bra should come with a box of matches 
Rentokil celebrates its 85th anniversary in business with a special lunch gathering I’d rather not attend 
That’ll buff out 
It’s a suicide mission 
I can’t prove these aren’t photoshopped, but I have my doubts 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have lift off 
Female logic, don’t even try to connect the dots 
Redheads let me know we’ve finally turned the corner on the workweek 
Teachers that go the extra mile to win over their students 
Julia Vins has the face of an angel and the body of an ’80s action star 
Patrick Stewart gives a wonderfully silly masterclass on the quadruple take 
Please get out of the shot, Justina 
Walt gives Hank the Wrong CD 
Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose 
The old ‘Velociraptor loose in the office’ prank 
History in color 
Happy Hump Day! 
Rarely seen concept art of ‘The Lion King’ 
Want vs Need 
Quite possibly the most unconventional mayor on the planet 
Chinese products that look oddly familiar 
Beautiful moments like these are life’s little flavor crystals 
Heroes battle Yosemite fire in high-res 
Kowloon Walled City: Taking a look back at Hong Kong’s “City of Darkness” 
Getting through the middle of the week with a light stretch 
This guy’s hands are way better than mine 
Police and Firefighter KCCO’s return!
96-year-old man writes a love song for his recently deceased wife of 75 years 
Her name is Jaime Laycock 
Beauty pageant contestant totally nails answer 
So close! 
I’ll take a house with a trophy to match 
No thanks, I’d rather not 
It’s the season for tan lines 
The most expensive one-bedroom apartment in the world 
Amazing tattoos inspired by real works of art 
Clothes are just begging to be tugged on 
Norm, still the best bar quotitian 
“Cute” doesn’t even begin to describe them 
4 hot French girls play for number 1 
Never underestimate the power of good old-fashioned redneck innovation 
Get low, get down, get dirty and have yourself a good time 
The hauntingly brilliant photos of London Fog in the early 20th century 
Rockies first base coach gives kid a nickel’s worth of free advice 
The greatest game of HORSE ever played 
The news never fails 
Minding the gap should be a national pastime 
Oh Sh!t 
You can wear anything 
It was a different time 
Girl’s priceless reaction to spotting a wasp’s nest 
We’re already half way there, Find Her 
Ladies and gentlemen, Dubstep Cat 
Girls in Austria have themselves a folk costume water jumping party 
The consensus reaction to Ben Affleck being named as Batman has been a resounding “No” 
Monday brings with it a depression only FLBP can cure 
Movie posters aren’t exactly reinventing the wheel these days 
I think this guy just won birdwatching 
Keepin’ it classy with some red lipstick 
Find a juxtaposition and it’ll bring good luck 
Cat Saturday 
A different vehicle might have worked better 
Nature, you are one bad mofo 
Dog responds to howling wolves the best he knows how 
It’s almost the weekend and I just DGAF 
Congrats, you’re a hot non-vampire 
Let’s face it, sometimes expectations get kicked in the nuts 
Friday Dopamine Dump 
You can find beauty in the strangest places 
Meanwhile at Starbucks 
I guess they’re called “shorts” for a reason 
Life on the road can be strange as Hell 
I like girls because squishy 
An artistic set of Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
You can’t explain that 
Aviation now versus way back when 
Popular bands that started out with less than legendary names 
Drummer Dean Zimmer will inspire the hell out of you 
Cops always get a bad rap, but how about putting the spotlight on a job well done for a change 
Just how much do some popular TV stars make? 
By golly, that’s impressive right there 
Bras were made to be burned 
Disney settings that were based on real world locations 
Keep your eyes on the road, we’ll keep our eyes on you 
Hungry Yet? 
Knee highs, thigh highs, it’s all one colorful mix of sexy 
A motor-home I’d be happy to hang my hat 
Would-be robbers in Brazil get taught a painful lesson 
Amazing movie portraits by Massimo Carnevale 
Men and women are slightly different, don’t you think? 
The curve of an arched back is a grand thing indeed 
Whatever happens don’t say Awwww 
It’s dangerous to go alone! Take some redheads 
This, tragically, is all true 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
A bevy of celebs in bikinis 
Empowering quotes from Bruce Lee 
Yeah, so, I can’t do any of this 
Spelling and grammar is important 
Cookies aren’t the Cookie Monster’s only passion 
There’s not much that’s cooler than a girl in a good hat 
I call it the Power Tush 
The most white trash wedding entrance ever 
I am pleased to present, Hump Day! 
You’re doing it wrong 
We all have school photos we wish we could take back 
Let’s give it up for excess 
First it was the year 2000, now go even further back till the 1993 VMAs for a real trip 
Believe it or not, there are facts in this gallery 
Well put 
If you like tattoos and sideboob: Lauren 
This one’s for Canada: Andi Muise 
Simple, yet brilliant, quotes from the one and only ‘King of the Hill’ 
Forbes 2013 list of sexy female models with the highest paycheck 
Georgia Tech kid gives a… let’s call it “epic” convocation speech 
Kim Kardashian crying will somehow make your day a lot better 
Impress-A-Vention! 
I love your… shirt 
I think this lady might have the market cornered on WTF today 
Historically significant photographs from a time long ago 
These people exist 
Movie scenes get turned into an R-rated children’s book 
Apparently sprinters make the best rugby players 
How some of the effects on ‘Game of Thrones’ are pulled off 
Found: Emily Shaw 
Words to live by 
College is coming back and I still miss it
CGI renderings so real it’s nearly impossible to distinguish them from a photograph 
A low, down and dirty good time shall ensue 
Facebook posts: sometimes you win, sometimes you lose 
Ahh, the classic “husband pretends to die to scare wife” prank 
Tickets for the Seattle KCCO Black Lager Official Pre-Release Party available now! – SOLD OUT
Idiot driver blasting music totals his car in style 
Student makes a half court shot for free tuition 
It’s monday, you know what time it is! 
Once you’ve got yourself situated there, Find Her 
Nailed It! 
Rapunzel looks a little different than I remembered 
Well played, sir. Very well played indeed. 
If you like ‘Breaking Bad,’ this post is for you 
Animals that will make you very uneasy 
Simple World War 2 photos that have been professionally restored 
Mondays and FLBP are heavycoincidence? 
Seeing celebs at the 2000 VMAs will make you feel old in a hurry 
Daily Morning Awesomeness 
Adorable girl does a creative rendition of the cup song 
Life is Awesome 
Sometimes four eyes are better than two 
Cat Saturday 
Can not contain all the cuteness 
More research might have been smart 
Don’t ever take yourself too seriously 
Man talks to a mob of sheep at his own private political rally 
You reflect so well! 
Brothers and sisters: a love-hate relationship 
Kids are a breed all their own 
The most extreme places and things on the planet 
Kitten is very concerned about window safety 
Friday Dopamine Dump 
F$#& “Ladylike” 
The simplicity of these life hacks is what makes them so brilliant 
A photographer’s life is no walk in the park 
Cosmo magazine says a whole bunch of nonsense 
GTA V’s online play is 10 years of my dreams coming true 
Images that will move and inspire 
Nothing beats a woman’s POV 
That is not what I expected 
Kansas rocks some serious cleavage 
Quite possibly the biggest blob launch ever 
They burn so good 
From scrapyard bus into luxury living space 
What the fuuuu 
Facts that you don’t know, or probably shouldn’t 
There’s such a graceful beauty to a bare back 
Breaking the first rule of ‘Fight Club’ by talking facts about ‘Fight Club’ 
Ah, teamwork, that’s nice to see 
The heat is rising off these lovely redheads 
WWII propaganda posters against the dreaded Super Mario 
Sam just set the record for most outrageously over-the-top Bar Mitzvah entrance ever 
Neil Hilborn recites an emotionally devastating poem “OCD” 
Pictures of hipsters taking pictures of food 
It’s Hump Day, take a break 
If only all homes looked like these 
That cleavage belongs to Helen Flanagan 
I did not know men were capable of such evil 
The future is now! 
Join us at the Kansas City Royals Game, a fundraiser for a great cause!
I think I’ll wait for the anything else 
Maps that will help you better understand the world 
A painter’s progression from age 2 to 24 
You can have all my nopes 
The Universe captured in all it’s glory
The ‘Fresh Prince of Bel-Air’ cast then and now 
Skyscraper forgets one minor detail and everybody is all up in arms 
Russia is to sanity what cocaine is to calm 
Christina Bianco does “Total Eclipse of the Heart” as 18 different divas 
KCCO Black Lager first tasting for the troops and you in Seattle!
Some people are destined to be forever alone 
People saving animals helps restore some faith in humanity 
Work happens 
Believe in your selfie 
Guy kills it with blues cover of ‘I Will Always Love You’ on stage in Dallas, TX 
In life there’s underboob and then there’s everything else 
I don’t even know what’s right anymore 
Genius or Stupid 
So who actually adds mail order brides to cart? 
Can I put a rush order on these mail order brides? 
The 10 highest grossing box office stars who have never made a sequel 
‘The Big Lebowski’ facts the dude would abide by 
You can’t explain that 
I gotta get me a goofy girl 
A true mountain view built atop an apartment building 
Low, down, and dirty is no way to go through life, Son 
The World Ice Art Championships are the real deal 
The painfully truthful wisdom of Chris Rock 
Ashton Kutcher gave a surprisingly wise acceptance speech at the Teen Choice Awards 
Animals Of The Night 
Abigail Breslin is all grows up 
Don’t have kids 
Mind the gap Monday has arrived 
A heartwarming pizza prank 
It’s Monday, you could use some motivation 
Seems legit 
Some of the world’s most brilliantly decorated stairs 
And now a brief history lesson about condoms 
Simply put, these are better book titles 
It may take some heavy lifting to Find Her 
FLBP might just snap the internet in half this morning 
Kids notes are absolutely priceless 
MMA fighter Nick Newell doesn’t let an abbreviated arm stop him 
The evolution of 15 very different actors then and now 
To start the week, here’s a motorcyclist helping a woman whose wheelchair got stuck 
Soooo you got wasted 
From Asia with love 
Have a little herp with your derp 
If you love craft beer, the LA Craft Beer Crawl starts today!
And the winner of the Miss Redneck Alabama is… 
Times were different… 
Cat Saturday 
James Hill plays a Ukulele like you’ve never seen before 
The wisdom on Tumblr is beyond our years 
The best Vine videos of 2013 
So close 
Mirror mirror on the wall 
OK, I’ll admit it, I’m a little bit jealous 
The scenic wizardry of Matthew Albanese 
More glamour Mug-shots! 
Caution: slippery when wet 
It’s the weekend and I’ve got Bad Ideas 
Go on set of some of your favorite films 
Ever dream of a quiet life in a tree house in the middle of f#^*ing nowhere? 
Game On!! 
Fong Qi Wei conveys the passage of time in an innovative way 
This is what happens when Conan discovers you’ve been showing up late for work 
Check us out this Sunday on Travel Channel’s badass new show ‘RIDE-iculous’ 
Some YouTube comments are better than novels 
Every landlord’s worst nightmare 
Burn your bra, for the greater good! 
Hungry Yet? 
Getting back at your annoying co-workers can be fun 
I always love imagining how my life could’ve gone if I’d grown up somewhere else 
Celebrity daughters that are turning heads everywhere 
Impatient dog thinks it’s time to leave 
Subways are a melting pot of crazy 
If you like tattoos, get in here 
Towels are the highest form of fashion 
Redheads are sort of my RAK to the world 
What would the night sky look like in major cities if the lights went out? 
Can somebody please fix my photo? 
The eyes, man. They’re crazy. 
Bored at Work 
It’s like the world’s easiest game of ‘Clue’ 
Please, let me help you 
I love Jim Gaffigan 
Come on and do the humpty hump 
Yea, that’ll buff out 
Bass guitars replaced by dogs 
It’s a baby girl they said, start shopping right away they said 
Fisherman gets hand caught in the mouth of a super weird fish 
300 million dollars will bag you the magnificent ‘Nirvana’ superyacht 
A woman’s abs are something like magic 
You can wear anything 
Hot weather and high-res jean shorts 
A whole lot of “Nope”, with a dash of “Hell no” 
Makeup is a helluva drug 
Precision leaf sculpting takes a steady hand 
The social media battle of the sexes 
Guy takes his friend, who is hilariously terrified of flying, for an aerobatics flight 
Daily Afternoon Randomness 
It’s never not a good time to drink 
Hello, Holly 
Some very familiar faces auditioned for roles on ‘The Office’ 
Guy records one second of video from every nation 
What if popular movies were all about food? 
That is a very good point, my friend 
Get lost in some eyes 
Want vs Need 
Artists making enhanced hand-painted signs for the homeless 
The many makeup faces of Carly Paige 
Tugging on clothes is the best form of exercise 
More breathtaking hyperrealistic artwork 
Shhh…quiet, you’ll scare the downblouse away 
Wait a minute, that’s not Paris 
Dad walks in on son taping dance moves, takes him to school 
If I could dance like these guys for just five minutes, my whole life would change 
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras 
Light suited flash mob strikes the mall 
Derp University 
Whoah. Now that’s impressive 
Reggie Watts and Ed Helms kill it on banjo and beat box 
Minding the gaps is a nice hobby 
Captions go on pictures like white on rice 
Even from space you park like a douche 
Really awkward family summer vacation shots 
Mirror, Mirror on the Find Her 
Taking a van to work will never be the same…
Significant historical moments captured on camera 
FLBP ladies, I care about your burdens 
Hybrid animals make my brain feel funny 
Actors who turned down notably famous movie roles 
Daily Morning Awesomeness 
Wet dog argues with owner after getting a bath 
Soooo you got wasted 
She’s got legs for days 
The virginity is strong with these ones 
Grab your rod, it’s time to go fishing 
Fan theories on how to kill Wolverine 
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ 
I’m a big fan of mirrors 
Moving a piano the Russian way 
Richard Deitsch asks twitter to send a photo of the single best moment of their lives. The results are beautiful and moving 
Woman fails driving test in 15 seconds 
Guns from famous films 
It’s Friday, you could use some photobombs 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
Life is short, have some fun 
Bad girls bend at the waist 
My high-res Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Sometimes construction work gets away from people 
Bikini dreamin’ 
I can’t prove that’s not photoshopped, but I have my doubts 
The happiest man ever feeds the happiest dogs ever dinner 
WTF are you doing? 
Whatever happens don’t say Awww 
We’re lost, better burn your bra for help! 
Dog can’t get enough of Star Trek 
I’ll take the dream home with a trophy to match please 
You probably guessed this was coming: Emily Ratajkowski 
Flying may suck sometimes, but it’s always an adventure 
Well, these facts are generally unsettling 
Bob Burnquist’s “Dreamland” lives up to its name 
Food never looked so sexy 
Photos snapped at just the right moment 
Girls you can’t see clearly are such a wonderful tease 
Don’t wake me, I’m dreaming of redheads again 
Frankly, glamour shots aren’t for everyone 
Daily Morning Awesomeness 
Customer service: it gets worse 
Presenting the KCCO Spring Hoodies! 
Robert Downey Jr nails a duet with pal Sting 
A few eyegasms for your Wednesday 
Adorable little girl tells dad to cut the crap 
I wish they weren’t, but some things are just too true 
Let’s make this hump day official 
Mind is blown! 
Nobody enjoys going to the dentist 
Can anybody explain what’s going on here? 
Sometimes pointless facts are my favorite facts? 
As a blogger, I’m not allowed to believe in coincidences 
Pick your model: USS George Washington vs Cintia Dicker 
Alright, animals, you win again 
A DIY floating picnic table you say…
Darwin’s exceptions 
In Russia they do weddings a little differently 
So 2 gauge shotguns are pretty awesome 
Breaking up with people you’re not dating 
Get on some next level sh*t 
James Kingston’s insane POV crane climb in Southampton, UK 
The kinda smile that lights up a room 
Epic parents throw daughter a Star Wars themed Birthday party 
I see what you did there 
Guy gives homeless man an awesome makeover 
In life, there’s underboob and then there’s everything else 
Perfectly normal couple, right? 
Well put. 
Sometimes cake just doesn’t cut it 
You can’t explain that 
Why would you ever get out of bed? 
Amazing travel destinations around the world 
Nothing says “Good morning” quite like rappers and cereal 
Get low, get down, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
“Breaking Bad” cast throws a celebratory wrap party for the final season 
A few more facts that boggle the mind 
Rapping dad is actually pretty damn cool 
The bass hits this girl hard 
Welcome to the internet 
Put a gap in it 
Former model becomes head coach for Croation men’s soccer club 
Dylan still has one of the best tushes on the internets 
Nailed it! 
Wildlife cam captures bear dance party 
This man really loves planes 
‘Harry Potter’ fanatics demonstrate their loyalty via tattoos 
A clever Contra game marriage proposal 
You’re just riding along when suddenly, Find Her 
Meanwhile in Alaska 
FLBP: Redeeming Mondays one week at a time 
People’s home possessions from around the world 
British tourist had a bit too much to drink in Vegas 
Lingerie should be standard issue 
Tattoo guns should be harder to get 
I’m having a cuteness overload 
The best comics from around the web 
Best Photos of the week 
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ 
Girl singing a Nirvana song, I think 
Car selfies are a thing, just let it happen 
The world is full of terrifically awesome people 
I like the way you reflect 
Do something innovative this weekend 
Rare books that will set you back a pretty penny 
When you’re 7′ 8″ basketball seems a bit unfair 
Photos you won’t believe aren’t photoshopped 
Please nobody tell these girls how their clothes are supposed to work 
Studying for my Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
You missed it, didn’t you? 
Being an adult is the most overrated expectation kids have 
Rare historical photos for a change of pace 
I’m sorry, but when did leashes on kids become the norm? 
A cat welcomes his owner home after 6 months 
It’s RAKit Day! KCCO and BFM have returned!
Daughter throws a fake wedding for her dying Dad 
Newscaster has interesting way of drawing traffic alerts 
Burn all the bras! 
Getting to town was never so treacherous 
Indian spelling jobs that Nayled it 
I want thaaaat 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have lift off 
Guy makes his own full sized ‘Nightmare’s Soul Edge’ sword from Soul Calibur 5 
On the internet, stupid is as stupid does 
Redheads are what keeps me ticking week after week 
Celebs and their notably less famous body doubles 
I sincerely hope your commute this morning is better than this 
The amazing Jaiden update 
Drunk girl at iHop twerking gets shown up by a dude 
You’re doing it right: college edition 
Congrats on making it to hump day 
Would the Internet lie? 
Amazing violin cover of Macklemore & Ryan Lewis’ “Can’t Hold Us” 
Well, I guess that’s one way to do it… 
Russian pop stars have a wonderful dress code 
I wish I could’ve been there for these beautiful moments 
F*ck 
Animals that don’t suck 
The reasons why kids cry 
And now a quick comparison of “Star Wars” and “Game of Thrones” 
Sometimes you just shouldn’t mess with American muscle cars 
A brave young boy needs our help. Meet Jaiden 
Work Happens 
Those are wonderful… tops 
The highest paid celebs under 30, not that you should care 
Next level bathroom sinks 
You’re doin’ it wrong 
Husband’s wife throws a freaking tantrum when she can’t get her way 
Golly that’s a good point! 
When you’re really rich, you can buy your own themed private island 
105 characters voiced by just 6 actors on “The Simpsons” 
Hollywood stuntmen rescue suicidal woman on balcony at Comic-Con 
Girls who love to have fun are why the trains run on time 
Some Facebook couples are the worst 
With a name like Helga Lovekaty, it has to be good 
The sea was angry that day, my friends…in high-res 
Let’s put some Asian in the equation, shall we 
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
Twitter is abuzz with royal baby Tweets 
This baby is happier than Dikembe Mutombo blocking a shot 
The #RAKit week begins!
Spiders wearing water droplets as hats 
Amazing magic trick scares the Hell out of spectators 
Kids, they’re slightly smarter than dogs  
Monkeys in Thailand go cliff diving because they can 
Mondays aren’t so bad 
Women…good luck cracking that code 
Well played, sir. Well played. 
The best Comic Con costumes of 2013 
Welcome to Wal-Mart, logic need not apply 
At the risk of sounding redundant, Find Her 
You are now entering the “Friend Zone” 
Monday is heavy, FLBP is heavy, we’ll all get through this 
Brilliant tip jars that will do the trick 
Somehow I imagined orcas would be better at tug of war 
Sometimes four eyes are better than two 
Pixar fan theory that will blow your mind 
A different vehicle might have worked better 
Weatherman clones himself and raps the forecast 
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ 
Aziz Ansari photoshopped onto hip-hop albums 
Sometimes the news gets slow 
Granny will drum you under the table, Son 
Resignation Brewery is hiring a Social Media Manager
Let’s get these girls some more mirrors! 
It’s Friday, you could use some photobombs 
It’s almost the weekend and I just DGAF 
Lunacy sadly does make for fantastic photos sometimes 
I like girls because squishy 
Everbody deserves to have their own dream hot tub 
High-res Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Those dresses never looked happier 
A few alcohol related lifehacks to try over the weekend 
Viewing Dubai from the rooftops of buildings 
Ice cream, ice cream, my kingdom for ice cream 
Puns so dumb that you’ll have to crack a smile 
A dog welcomes his owner home after six months 
I do what i want 
Norwegian Groom tricked at his bachelor party into thinking that he is going bungee jumping from an old bridge 
You’re doin’ it right 
Something isn’t right with the food in Fukushima, Japan 
Let’s start the braless revolution 
It’s just so brilliant! 
The girls of “Burning Man” are a unique batch 
Bumble bee gives out pretty epic high fives 
Please Lord, let it be lunchtime already? 
Towel Thursday is getting steamy 
The redheads are extra hot from all this summer heat 
Science facts that will shake up your universe 
You can’t explain that 
Who were inside those damn Teletubbie costumes? 
Soldier finds a pretty damn original way to surprise his family with a homecoming 
Guy shows off his insane RC Helicopter skills 
27 Photos you won’t believe aren’t photoshopped 
So happy it’s Hump Day 
She wanted to become a model…mission accomplished 
One of these things is not like the others 
Jessica, a fanboys fantasy 
And now a few facts about the movies 
Base jumping from a moving vehicle 
A meaningful friendship 
10 Unemployed Disney villian resumes 
French artist makes portraits from all different kinds of food 
When photography mixes with girls and guns 
The smartest girl in all of Vilnius, Lithuania…indeed 
Kids are a different breed 
Toys from our youth that are worth a pretty penny today 
Robot nails the quadruple flip landing like a champ 
Her name is Emily 
Believe in your selfie 
Get creative with your desktop wallpaper 
I’d argue this is the most brilliant peace movement ever 
Sometimes an embarrassing moment is all you need to change your life 
Behind the scenes of some of the most iconic TV shows 
Clever sea otter trolls dog 
Some dream homes to help with motivation 
At the Starkenberger Resort you can literally immerse yourself in beer 
Girls never get tired of tugging their clothes 
Black is Beautiful 
Get low, get dirty and have yourself a good time 
A few of the strangest “WTF” Google autofills ever found 
Can you find the cat? 
A brilliantly airbrushed ‘Walking Dead’ themed car 
A hooligan fight, narrated by David Attenborough 
Daily Afternoon Randomness 
Wonderful story, Julie, now I feel much safer 
Portraits made from hundreds of scribbles 
Japan is to normal what Justin Beiber is to humble 
Gaps to start the week off right 
Beluga whale dances along to Mariachi band 
Oh Sh!t 
Please, let me help you 
Kick back, relax, and Find Her 
Gaming rooms any man would be proud to call his own 
Putting in perspective the enormity of an oil tanker 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
Just got back from Mexico and can’t hold much down, but at least I have FLBP to get me through 
Roads? In this Dutch village you don’t need roads 
Raven lets a lady pluck some quills from its face 
Back is Beautiful 
Every city needs some art 
The biggest Hollywood bombs of the past 20 years 
You can’t keep a good horse down 
How this man is able to drum I will never know 
That is a really nice mirror 
I think you may be doing it wrong 
And now a few words of wisdom… 
Guy builds awesome arcade game from scratch “Arcadius” 
Sometimes you just need way too much of things 
HousesI wanna be in you…
The cutest duck you’ll see today 
Bizarre body Art by Johannes Stotter 
A little cake oughta top off the workweek 
I wonder what she’s thinking about… 
Open door policy at my Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Why beat around the bush…yoga pants 
GAME ON!! 
30 amazing life hacks worth giving a shot 
Rare backstage shots from ‘Seinfeld’ 
This throwable panoramic camera is a pretty mind-blowing invention 
Police and Firefighter KCCO’s available right now!
Girl learns to dance in a year–TIME LAPSE 
T-Rex trying to do things 
Damn, that’s impressive 
How much meat can you cram in a hole? 
What the fuuuu 
Burn baby burn 
Korean Photoshop trolls make the internet a much more amusing place 
When the sun shines through a dress and makes it transparent, part II 
A few more interesting Disney tidbits 
How to crack open a coconut 
I guess parenting needs to come with training wheels 
Swimwear has come a long way since the ’40s and ’50s 
Something, something, clever…Redheads 
Sports caught at just the right moment 
That’s just not right, man 
This might’ve been the moment that made Eddie Vedder 
Answering unknown phone numbers is too good to pass up 
Don’t worry, that’ll buff out 
It’s a hump kind of day 
If you steal something, expect a strongly worded letter 
8 iconic movie roles Johnny Depp almost played 
Before they were famous: 25 actors in 3 minutes 
The kids from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory then and now 
The Ostrich Pillow. Not sure if ridiculous or brilliant 
Uniforms vs bikinis in high-res 
Some of the greatest comebacks of all time 
Motorcyclist does a good deed on the highway 
Fit girls for the win 
Work happens 
Siberian Husky argues his case 
Hungry yet? 
Ron Swanson the prankster 
A few facts you thought you knew that were completely untrue 
Well put. 
These ads are all in the bag, baby 
Neglected and hoarded ducks take their first swim after being rescued 
Quit smoking they said, it will be fun they said 
In life there’s underboob, and then there’s everything else 
Flooding in the streets of Toronto due to torrential rain 
An arched back is such a grand and glorious curve 
New mail order brides have papers, will travel 
A low, down & dirty-good time will be had 
Who wears shorts shorts? They wear short shorts 
Vintage Paris photography 
Disney movies that made cameos in other Disney movies 
This is how a man makes dinner 
A terrifyingly effective wake-up call scare prank 
I think Brittany can help with the Mondays 
Lets mind a few gaps shall we? 
Great insults by great comedians 
Want vs Need 
I wish they weren’t, but these things are all just too true 
3D street art attempting a Guiness world record 
Waiter gets creative when taking orders on the job 
Movies that could surprisingly share the same tagline 
Rhythmic gymnast nails first pitch 
Chinese beaches covered in algae aren’t stopping people from taking a dip 
Get off your high horse and Find Her 
An enormous model train set 16 years in the making 
FLBP always helps realign me after a long holiday weekend 
The rich kids of Instagram are back…God help us all 
Kid loops up a pretty sick cover of “Houdini” 
Soooo you got wasted: ‘Merica edition 
I wish summer would never end 
Nightmare or wax museum, you decide 
Cute girls will start you day off right 
Meanwhile in the news 
Today we celebrate our Independence Day! 
This is our 4th of July 
Redheads, white and blue 
Daily Morning America-ness 
It’s Not About The Nail 
Bees: Nature’s little 3D printers 
My Favorite day of the week, Hump Day!
The beautiful lyrics of modern hip hop 
Meanwhile, in the world I wish I lived in… 
Bird rescued by a few good men 
Engagement portraits that had me at a loss for words 
I desire ALL this food over the holiday weekend 
Dogs vs. Sprinklers: The ultimate summer showdown 
A little inspiration goes a long way 
So a 5-year-old kid stole your girlfriend 
It’s time to spruce up your life with a new wallpaper 
Damn, Nature, you are one crazy mother 
Animals that don’t suck 
From the Orient, with ‘WTF’ 
You can’t explain that 
What do we make of this velvet Ferrari? 
See kids, this is why you don’t try to interrupt the news 
Short on lung capacity but a big heart: Meet Dave Cosner 
An interesting look behind the scenes of foley artists 
Guy dresses up as facebook users, then sends them friend requests 
10 sleepy animals 
Work happens 
Pictures go better with captions 
Puppy playing with boobies is the perfect combo 
Believe in your selfie 
You know, that’s a pretty good point 
I want thaaaat 
Do you ever have that nightmare where you forgot to wear your pants? 
Vintage construction photos of the Empire State Building 
Hows about No 
You’re never too old…to unveil an NFL cheerleading squad 
It’s time to reflect on the greatness that was your childhood 
Science facts you can use to impress your stupid friends 
Very British Problems 
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
‘Game of Thrones’ Characters if they lived in the ’80s/’90s 
Bubble Football just got added to the bucket list 
Daily Afternoon Randomness 
Just like that, there’s hope for Tamara 
Happy Canada Day! Canadian KCCO’s available right now!
Get on some next level sh*t: Man cave edition 
Kid plays Titanic theme song on guitar and it’s pure magic 
Well played, sir. Well played. 
Minding gaps is good for your health 
Best Vines of 2013 
Babes on bikes go together like Oreos and milk 
Take me out to the ball game, take me out with the Find Her 
Duck able to walk again thanks to a 3D printed foot 
Kick the Holiday week off with a healthy serving of FLBP 
Never underestimate the power of redneck innovation 
These images are not what they seem 
The evolution of proms in America 
This might just be the culmination of the internet thus far 
The Hip Bone Zone 
Appreciating rainbows like only the Internet can 
Lie Witness News – Justin Bieber fans will go to great lengths to support him 
Welcome to Derpville 
What if the earth lost oxygen for 5 seconds? 
Hot girls in the middle of nowhere 
Bilingual voicemail – English and Whale 
Skydiver loses shoe and another skydiver goes after it mid-flight 
That mirror was a good purchase 
Do something innovative this weekend 
Arizona Cardinals rookie Robert Gill takes a treadmill to the max 
We’re opening a block of bonus tickets for the Austin Meetup right now! 
Stars in Stereo – Every Last Thing 
Oolala, ladies in lingerie 
That’s vintage ’80s 
F*%& “Ladylike” 
High-res Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Beauty reveals itself in the strangest of places 
When girls party, they play for keeps 
The art of trolling 
Good guy Scotty saved a lonely trekkie’s life 
French Bulldog scared of his own…well, see for yourself 
Some crazy buildings from around the world 
Bras are flammable for a reason 
These people exist 
Super rad scrap metal sculptures by Brian Marshall 
Love is a pretty cool thing 
Bill Burr on how long it will take Paula Deen to come back to TV 
I can see the resemblance 
The most expensive car wash in the world 
No thanks, I’d rather not 
A different vantage point of the world famous Eiffel Tower 
I love it when girls’ shirts collect in little bunches 
Mind-melting facts you likely didn’t know 
The beautiful friendship of Robin Williams and Christopher Reeve 
Let us gather once again for the gorgeous redheads 
Thunderstruck, played on a bagpipe, with flames 
Emma Stone’s brother writes her Guys Choice acceptance speech 
Golden Balls: Meet the worst woman in the world 
Do she got a booty? She dooo… 
Awesome styrofoam cup art 
10 new bets you will never lose 
Did you plan on sleeping tonight? 
The sultry, fantasy ladies of the 2013 Electric Daisy Carnival in Las Vegas 
A woman’s abs are something like magic 
The streets have become a breeding ground for incredible artwork 
The Gypsy One is flogging the internet 
Congrats Blackhawks…here’s some luv 
The greatest movie moments are often the unscripted ones 
Admit it, animals are pretty awesome 
Screenshots from some video games that derped hard 
Guy uses webcam to catch office thief, serve sweet justice 
KCCO, BFM, and BFM Classic are back, baby! 
The ‘Step Brothers’ gag reel had me on the floor 
You’re doing it wrong 
Work happens 
Get lost in some eyes 
Malls in the 90′s were radical 
Some things were meant to fit together 
Those abs belong to Haley 
Must go faster! 
In life there’s underboob and then there’s everything else 
Why would you ever get out of bed? 
Graffiti done right can be a beautiful thing 
Life is short, have some fun 
A low, down, dirty-good time is just what we need 
This is a level of artistic skill humans should not be capable of 
Fee Fi Fo Find Her 
Crouching tiger stalks and hunts his owner 
It’s time to mind some gaps 
The Nicholas Cage wall calendar 
Ever seen a goldfish rap? Now you have… 
Meanwhile in Russia 
There is no limit to how awesome you can be 
Doc, it’s Monday and I need 30 cc’s of FLBP, STAT 
The evolution of a few superhero costumes 
Supermoon Sunday shots from around the globe 
The 90′s, properly honored in a rap song 
Life is Awesome 
There’s something about a girl with freckles… 
Grab your rod, these girls wanna go fishing 
One step closer to the dog uprising 
Daily Afternoon Randomnes in HQ 
Sun’s out, buns out! 
Guy plays Dubstep to near perfection on a kid’s keyboard 
It’s almost the weekend and I just DGAF 
You may want to double check your spelling 
I’ll stand infront of a mirror with you any day 
The wise words of Trailer Park Boys’ Ricky 
For a truly first class experience, fly Lufthansa Airlines 
Bad girls bend at the waist 
One tiny hand, don’t ask questions 
It’s Friday, you could use some photobombs 
Simply put, you can’t explain that 
The extravagant lifestyle of Floyd Mayweather is nothing short of ridiculous 
Bikini season is back in full swing…thank God 
Scientific facts that might just blow your mind 
The evolution of some notable pop cans 
Sometimes, you have to fight fire with fire 
90-year-old man sets bench press record 
RIP James Gandolfini 
Quema tu brasiel por favor 
Can I stay at your place for a short forever? 
What are the most attractive armies in the world? 
These celebrity pin-ups are the bee’s knees I teel ya! 
Now that is just impressive 
Tumblr users give some unique perspective on everyday things 
Welp, we’re f*#ked. Snakes can open doors now 
If you like tattoos get in here 
Reverse graffiti is an innovative new art-form 
Clothes were made to be tugged on 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
The redheads are here, we’re safe now 
Unbelievable WWII photography 
The S#^* you see in Florida 
Guy uses his girlfriend as template for work of art 
Well this is definitely the most impressive way to play guitar I’ve ever seen 
If Disney characters were college students 
Monkey needs a cold beverage on a hot summer day 
Oh glorious Hump Day 
Blow your mind 
OK, I’ll admit it: I’m a bit jealous 
Tasty treats that are nothing short of heavenly 
Surfer John John Florence lands massive air at Oakley Pro Bali 
Amazing makeup artist who morphs into various cultural icons 
Jennifer, the perfect mix of cute and sexy 
The world is full of giants 
Well, I guess that’s one way to do it 
Dunno’ know when book carving became a thing but… wow 
The real championship game: Miami vs Spurs Cheerleaders 
3D drawings that will blow your mind 
Tips everybody should know before going camping this summer 
Animals that don’t suck 
Make yourself an amazing, yet delightful, morning snack 
A warning to interviewers: don’t ever disrespect Russell Brand 
The Dark, Twisted, Sexy world of LeeAnna Vamp 
I need this product badly 
Smiles so bright, they could light up a room 
These quotation marks seem a bit “suspicious” 
Do not want! 
Guy harassing women on bus gets taught a lesson 
Well put. 
Nothing beats a woman’s POV 
For sale in South Korea 
A dentist on a mission to travel the world and repair animal teeth 
Geneticists predict how the human face will evolve in the future 
Bare backs are some kind of magic 
Meet Miss Iowa 2013, Nicole Kelly 
I miss college
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
The Most Terrifying Thing 
Two guys cover “Billie Jean” in an amazing way 
Gaps will help with your Monday blues 
Nailed it! 
Coincidence? I think not! 
Your wedding was off the chain 
I don’t even know what’s right anymore 
Man has balls of steel as black bear approaches 
Trolling 101 
Write it down, take a picture, I don’t give a Find Her 
Article corrections were severely needed 
Get jazzed for Monday because FLBP is back 
I don’t think that’s how it’s done 
100 years of change 
Allow me to present easily the two coolest kids of this week 
Lingerie seems fitting on Fathers Day 
Hidden gems in Disney movies 
Dads on vacation 
Cute girls are like rays of sunshine 
Not sure if animals without necks are hilarious or terrifying 
On Facebook, sometimes you win and sometimes you lose 
Congrats, your mirror works 
Well that’s not what I expected 
Men’s and Women’s ‘KCCO America’ available now!
As far as houses go, this is as sexy as it gets 
The most intense phone conversation ever in a film 
Remember to set your MLB fantasy teams in order to “Beat the expert” worth up to a grand
Some ads are a cut above the rest 
I like girls because squishy 
Hold on…these are my Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Girls in yoga pants know EXACTLY what they’re doing 
Have a drink and reflect on your childhood 
I want that 
Soldier does a damn beautiful cover of Rihanna 
Burn your bra, it’s for the greater good! 
Are you hungry yet? 
I do what I want 
The car selfie is a great way to keep your selfies mobile 
Russian clubs, women, and WTF 
David Letterman has a weird thing for drums 
A handful of celebrity shots you’ve likely never seen 
A little inspiration goes a long way 
Towel Thursday is my kind of clean 
The redheads come roaring back 
A few interesting facts about WWII 
Darwin’s exceptions 
The mesmerizing artwork of Alice X. Zhang 
“Conversations with my 2 year old” keep getting better 
Dancing Queen 
No sh*t 
You know what day it is! 
Captions go with photos like mac and cheese 
Kid applies to DreamWorks with a brilliant resume 
You can wear anything 
Draftstreet presents a game of “Beat the expert” worth up to a grand
I wish they weren’t, but these things are all just too true 
My version of current events: Turkish model Ilknur Melis Durasi 
You can’t explain that 
3-D street art it’s hard to imagine pulling off 
Animalswhat’s not to love 
The Evolution of Daft Punk’s “Get Lucky” 
The Police KCCO. Do we need to make any changes before it goes to print?
Fisherman catches more than he bargained for 
What the fuuuu… 
60k fans sing ‘Bohemian Rhapsody’ while waiting for Green Day 
Sometimes four eyes are better than two 
Yeah, that’s a really good point 
Black is Beautiful 
The irony of these mugshots is impeccable 
Mac Faulkner is using the Twitter Machine unconventionally 
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
I gotta get me a goofy girl 
What are they looking at…may not be factually correct 
Wonderful discoveries in fake science 
Europe is under water 
Completely unnecessary quotation marks 
These aren’t the sand sculptures you remember growing up 
After 5 hours trapped on a tarmac under the Arizona sun, passengers decide to lighten the mood 
Behind the scenes of some awesome films 
Well played, sir. Well played indeed. 
I Can’t Believe We Made It 
Got Gap? 
Neil Patrick Harris’ opening number to the Tony awards is pretty damn epic 
Genius or Stupid 
Photobomb the cast of ‘This is the End’ with their facebook photobomb app
Hey you over there, Find Her 
Nailed it 
Kids, they’re a special breed
I see problems in your future, but they’re so worth it 
A few interesting facts about ‘Forest Gump’ 
Alien and Predator’s big day out 
College kid drops a pretty sick freestyle 
Soooo you got wasted 
Great looking… clothes 
Some perspective 
The timeless wisdom of Ryan Lochte 
Fun with statues! 
‘My Heart Will Go On’ remastered beautifully on a recorder 
If The Game challenges you to a freestyle battle, The Game will probably win 
Justin Bieber loves sports teams 
F*ck yeah! 
Meanwhile, in the world I wish I lived in… 
Harder, blonder, faster, stronger 
Club can’t even handle Russian kid 
Photographs from an era long, long, ago 
Please nobody tell these girls how their clothes are supposed to work 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
Fridays give me Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Universal Orlando resort opens ‘Simpsons’ heaven 
A few girls that are working out hard for the weekend 
The voices behind some famous Disney characters 
A baby sea lion hops on a boat and makes himself at home 
Solo wakesurfing seems like a bad idea 
I’d like to go back in time and stop bras from happening 
Get on some next level sh*t: End of the world edition 
Would the Internet lie? 
American accents, beautifully mapped 
With the aid of surgery, girl finally gets the face of her dreams 
The ‘#mygirlfriendnotallowedto’ hashtag is getting some hilarious results 
A little inspiration goes a long way 
Mama duck cries for her ducklings stuck in storm drain, cops come to the rescue 
Actors who nearly got the part… 
Girls I can’t see clearly are such a wonderful tease 
You can find beauty in the strangest places 
Karma is a bitch 
An impressive DIY Portal bedroom 
Amazing unlikely animal alliances 
This is definitely worthy of a million dollars 
Offerman Woodshop finally returns!
This man knows how to street performer 
In life there’s underboob and then there’s everything else 
Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose 
Hump day couldn’t have come any sooner 
Want vs Need 
Amazing works of art you won’t believe aren’t photographs 
James Franco keeps it street with his street art 
A woman credits divorce for her amazing weight loss transformation 
The Nero, a floating palace 
There are some clever boat names out there 
Celebrity sloth-facing is a thing 
Masterpieces like these would look good hanging on any wall 
If you watch these movies backwards…
Middle of the week, you should get away 
Animals that don’t suck 
What 115 million dollar apartment looks like in New York City 
Even death doesn’t want to mess with Russians 
Battle of the Bars WINNER: Spill Lounge Denver, CO!
Work Happens 
Father and son cover a Beatles classic in adorable fashion 
A terrifying climb that will test what you’re made of 
It’s the season for tan lines 
It’s hard to ask for directions in places like this 
That’ll buff out 
Who still asks for Photoshop help from complete strangers on the internet? 
Kid has a cymbal malfunction during Star Spangled Banner, keeps it classy 
Brilliant. Simply brilliant. 
Nick Vujicic’s inspirational message continues to grow 
Car revenge can be cruel 
Pretty sure yoga pants were invented for Jen Selter 
I love a lady I’m a little bit afraid of 
Chiving AF Aerial Combat photographer Matthew Bruch in high-res 
Born and raised in ‘Merica 
Get low, get down, get dirty and have yourself a good time 
That’s a huge FISH 
An intriguing window to the past 
In case you were wondering, this is what the best yo-yoing in the world looks like 
This dog has seen some thingsterrible things 
A heavy dose of irony 
What the fuuu 
Cat does not approve your expense report 
Have you Minded the Gap today? 
It’s Monday you could use some motivation 
A Couple that dresses together stays together… 
The stuff you read in the newspaper these days 
Amazing facts about “The Lion King” 
Hey you, over there, Find Me 
Life’s tough, get a dog 
FLBP is as American as apple pie…but with boobs 
It can’t rain all the time 
Teachers like to have fun too 
The Gloucestershire Cheese Rolling 2013 contest went exactly as expected 
Adult entertainment stars before/after their makeup 
It’s not human what some athletes can do 
Soooo you got wasted 
The body is the greatest canvas 
Bringing it back 
Maybe you should get a different vehicle 
It’s almost the weekend and I just DGAF 
F*ck 
I like the way you reflect 
A guy who loves to photoshop himself with celebrities 
Cats are not very good at hide and seek 
Marvels of nature that actually exist 
M4SONIC is back with an amazing live remix of Empire of the Sun’s “Alive” 
Bikinis…bikinis everywhere!! 
Your construction could use some construction 
Bad girls bend at the waist 
Let’s take another glorious trip down memory lane 
My summer is full of Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Famous faces before they were stars 
It’s good to have friends on a Friday 
Go ahead, play with your food 
A few sports records that only a mother could love 
Hollywood sure knows how to dance 
The KCCO and KCCO Hoodies return for the last time until Fall!
Robin van Persie shows off some serious soccer skills against poor unsuspecting kids 
Real men eat protein-packed cakes 
Burn your bra, then burn it again 
Is it time to eat yet? 
We’re going ballistic, Mav! 
I don’t even know what’s right anymore 
Building a tree house that most adults would happily call their home 
Tattoos that tried and failed to replicate a photograph 
Old dude absolutely dominates at skateboarding 
Never underestimate the power of redneck innovation 
Towel Thursday is anything but clean 
Boston has the Red Sox, I have the redheads 
You can’t explain that 
Kids that really nailed their yearbook quotes 
I call it the “Kissing-Bomb” for obvious reasons 
The Chinese farmer who built his own bionic arms 
The Boston afterparty location is set for Sweet Caroline’s!
Skydiver’s near collision and landing on top of a mountain 
Your dress has a very snug fit 
Ode to Hump Day 
You’re doing it wrong 
You are stuck: Cat edition 
Hows about No 
Man responds when doctors tell him it’s diet or death 
I want thaaaat 
Mind blowing bike tricks from Tim Knoll 
Some cool, some crazy…not your everyday dashboards 
I wish I could’ve been there for these beautiful moments 
People having a little too much fun with sleeveface art 
An old barn gets a classy cabin makeover 
A bevy of bizarre bicycles 
Munenori Kawasaki gives one of the happiest post-game interviews ever 
This trained bear is f#^*ing amazing 
Seems Legit… 
A few simple solutions to some of life’s “biggest” problems 
We found your camera 
Well put. 
The worst things ever 
Tim Duncan realizes he has arms 
3D faces printed from discarded materials…whaaa?? 
Losers try their best. Winners go home and Find Her 
Why would you ever get out of bed? 
An amazing basement reconstruction job 
Take a trip to the Enchanted River in Surigao del Sur, Philippines 
Rappers are just like you and I 
These concepts almost happened 
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
So allegedly New Orleans has a little termite problem 
It just takes me a little bit longer 
Memorial Day in high-res 
What better way is there to finish Memorial Day weekend than with some FLBP? 
Life is Awesome 
Let’s give it up for cute girls 
Cats taking selfies 
Do something innovative this weekend 
I pray that this pizza delivery guy is the exception and not the norm 
MIrror mirror on the wall 
Nick Offerman has a new trailer 
Have a drink above the clouds 
I just want you to know, you’re awesome. 
Some celebs age better than others 
Let’s play a round of “Can you guess that celebrity ‘stache” 
Gang members busted after posting incriminating photos on Facebook 
I can’t prove these aren’t photoshopped, but I have my suspicions 
S^#*, that escalated quickly 
Sometimes parents get it just right 
An iPad mini recreation of ‘Girl with Pearl Earring’ 
From Russia with WTF 
The Xbox One reveal in 2 minutes 
World’s best trampoline trick-shot 
What’s the last thing you’d do before the end of the world?
When can I move in? 
Burn your bra… FOR FREEEDOM! 
Waka Flocka in the studio 
Whatever makes you happy, right 
I love imagining what my life could be if I’d just grown up somewhere else 
Some friendly advice from Gordon Ramsay 
Well, that’s one reason NOT to live in China 
A global guide to tipping 
In life there’s underboob and then there’s everything else 
Church gets a colorful makeover 
Hugh Hefner has a blonde obsession, I’m more of a redhead man myself 
Rare photos of the Statue of Liberty being built in 1883 
A man’s guide to cooking the perfect steak 
The running gags of Arrested Development 
KCCO, BFM, and BFM Classic have returned!
14-year-old girl crushes a Van Halen guitar cover 
A woman’s abs are something like magic 
Hard to believe these were not photoshopped 
Wednesday can mean only one thing! 
Well, that’s one way to do it 
Brazilian police art 
Tickets for Boston Meetup UPDATE: SOLD OUT!
Tokyo Cat Drifting 
Of course the “Miguel leg drop” has become an Internet sensation 
The Chinese Photoshop trolls at their best 
A man responsible for saving the lives of hundreds 
GAME ON!! 
A little inspiration goes a long way 
You can wear anything 
Let’s face it, some animals are a cut above the rest 
Those dresses never looked happier 
Unbelievable latte art to wake up to 
Good Guy Zach Galifianakis 
The Sum of All Fails 
Facebook: the battleground of trolls and idiots 
Girl forgets words to American National Anthem and decides to make it up as she goes 
Work happens 
Guy builds awesome arcade in basement with father 
Oklahoma tornado survivor finds dog buried alive under rubble during interview 
Beauty is a blessing AND a curse?? 
Women and animals: Two things that simply don’t mix 
These smiles will melt your ice cold heart 
Well that’s a really good point 
Found: Kate Sullivan 
Curves don’t get grander than an arched back 
I want thaaaat 
A reenactment of a typical woman’s morning routine 
I miss college: graduation edition 
The most affordable places in New York look like this 
Tenacious D does the weather 
Our thoughts and prayers tonight are with Oklahoma City
There’s something odd about this girl… 
Serious people goofing off 
Oh Sh!t 
Mind the gap, it’s a rootin tootin good time! 
A story about Christopher Walken’s birthday 
Husband finds a mans shirt in cheating wife’s apartment, madness ensues 
The biggest cemetery in the world 
Is it car washing season yet? 
College professors have their fun too 
It’s better to have loved and lost and then Find Her 
Celebs getting a classic art makeover 
Some of the stranger runner costumes you’ll ever see 
Coming out of the weekend swinging with FLBP 
Taxidermied animals deserve better than this 
Just a regular day in Russia 
From Asia with love 
Why did nobody stop these tattoos from happening? 
Some people are just forever alone 
The world’s most beautiful man 
Women’s reactions to a large male “member” are priceless 
Now that’s how you flip some burgers 
Dog sings along to Adele 
Mirrors are like magnets to girls 
Meanwhile, in the world I wish I lived in… 
Your argument is invalid 
Caution: slippery when wet 
How take make an ordinary photo extrodinary via your iPhone 
When male characters get a sexy female reboot 
What’s your worst break-up story ever? 
Friday brings out my Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Take me ALL the way down your blouse 
TV captions are a train wreck sometimes 
An intense police chase in Portland 
Pug is gripped watching the conclusion to ‘Homeward Bound’ 
When Opportunity Knocks, Pick Up the Phone 
F*ck 
No bras allowed 
Money can’t buy love, right? 
The amazing, often twisted, tattoos by Benjamin Blaukis 
Well played… 
Hyun-Jin Ryu plays catch with young fan 
Breaking bad news with cute animals is amazingly effective 
A few candid moments on set of some great films 
Whatever happens don’t say Awww 
Tugging on clothing is a wonderful habit 
People all over are dropping the pounds in the name of health 
Things that might make you feel young, for a change 
Redheaded splendor 
A few celebs that used to be on the cheerleading squad 
Holland has to be one of the cooler places on the planet 
They take arm wrestling VERY, VERY seriously 
Come on and do the Humpty Hump 
You’re doin’ it right 
UPDATE: 650k Likes reached! Jay Baruchel and Danny McBride share a plate of spaghetti! 
DJ’s complaining 
Cosplayer before and after makeup 
Russian pilots use the sky as their canvas 
22 food nightmares that actually happened 
Women: Good luck solving that rubik’s cube 
Animals that don’t suck 
Poor guy, texted another girl away didn’t you? 
Historical facts that will blow your mind 
A father’s wise advice to his daughter 
This is the story of Boston Police Officer Richard Donohue 
Man with no hands crushes Red Hot Chili Peppers song 
National flags made from the country’s traditional foods 
I’ll take all of your gym memberships please 
Well, this is odd 
Always count on a sheep to lead the herd 
In a world of 6 billion, a few of these are sure to exist 
Work Happens 
Well put. 
Skydiving into a slip n’ slide 
New York subway riders who just don’t give a damn about anybody else 
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
The Espejo De Luna is one of the crazier hotels you will ever see 
Those hipster photos could use a little editing 
Why would you ever get out of bed? 
When ice tsunamis attack 
20 things you didn’t know about ‘The Simpsons’ 
I miss college
The cast of ‘Back to the Future’ then and now 
Rare rehearsal footage of Michael Jackson includes some incredible moonwalking 
Aurelia Gliwski doesn’t know how to take a bad photo 
The ‘INVISIBLE’ Chainsaw 
A few coffee mugs for your inner nerd 
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras 
At least Mondays come with some gaps 
Captions go with pictures like milk and cereal 
Hidden camera prank at gas station reveals karaoke super couple 
The s^*# you see at McDonald’s 
A few celebs back at their prom 
Like, duh, Find Her 
Richard Branson lost a bet 
FLBP: Thank God it’s Monday 
A few intriguing facts about Britain 
A terrifically odd series of pop culture illustrations 
The first ever music video filmed in space 
Red lipstick is like the icing on the cake 
Happy Mother’s Day!!! 
Hayley Williams gets into the act with a random street performer 
Meanwhile in Asia 
Horse Masks: Girl Edition 
Hot girls in the middle of nowhere 
CNN found guilty of news slaughtering 
Ryan Gosling won’t eat his cereal 
Zach Sobiech “Clouds” celebrity music video 
Deep Frieday 
It’s almost the weekend and I just DGAF 
Famous celebs from a time way, way long ago 
I like a girl with a good reflection 
Give me ALL the food!!! 
The sad cat diaries 
I wouldn’t last 5 seconds in bed with a house like these…
Reminisce on my past high-res Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
It’s been a while, you could use a new wallpaper 
In a perfectly timed world 
The story of a girl who rode a shark by the fin 
Girl drinks a beer through her ear 
Men’s and Women’s Canadian KCCO’s return!
Oh my god I’m going to die in my underwear 
I do what I want 
Where we’re going, we don’t need bras 
Are you hungry yet? 
Nothing beats a woman’s POV 
Charles Ramsey has been auto-tune remixed – DEAD GIVEAWAY 
Amazing facts set to the background of chicks — BRILLIANT 
Towel Thursday might just steam up your mirror 
Amazing tattoos that were inspired by books 
I consider redhead submissions a perfect Random Act of Kindness 
Being a police officer in Dubai has its perks 
The truth behind some popular stock photos 
A new Lonely Island song: The Spring Break Anthem 
Killer whales tailing a boat just for kicks 
Get on some next level sh*t 
Kick back, relax, and enjoy Hump Day 
Nailed It 
This is Water: An inspirational commencement speech from David Foster Wallace
The human body is an amazing thing 
Ghosts make the best photobombers 
Ever wonder what the inside of Marine one looks like? 
Brilliant. Simply brilliant. 
Momma moose fights the good fight for her baby calf 
Don’t do meth…meth is bad 
Good guy Matt Kemp goes the extra mile and a half for a disabled fan 
A Mom who could care less that Mother’s Day is just around the corner 
A little inspiration goes a long way 
Wonderful words of wisdom 
That’ll buff out.. 
Honey Boo Boo’s momma just got hitched. God save us all 
It’s finally that season 
That’s a good point right there 
Data center built in Cold War era nuclear bunker 
A DIY watermelon keg has peaked my curiosity 
Charles Ramsay, the man who rescued 3 captive women is a hero 
The road have a problem 
In life there’s underboob and then there’s everything else 
Girls who love to have fun are why atoms stick together 
A low down dirty good time shall ensue 
Yearbook photos so wrong they’re almost right 
I miss college
A sinking city in Brazil 
Maker vs Marker: the showdown 
Candy in the 90′s was radical 
Controlling an RC helicopter with freakishly good accuracy 
Playmate of the year 2011, Claire Sinclair, without makeup 
Incredibly deep philosophical message 
Mind the gap, all the cool kids are doing it 
Mind Blown 
It’s the summer of love and find her 
Hybrid celebrities made into GIF monstrosities 
The last known photographs of famous figures before their death 
Missed “May the fourth be with you” day. Better make it up to you with some Star Wars girls 
Chiving Marines operating AH-1W Cobra Attack Helicopters in high-res 
I’m walking on sunshine because of FLBP 
A few famously wrong predictions 
A wonderful story: Thanks, Dad 
Wow that is a great pair of…clothes  
Sometimes life is hard 
Cute girls will fill your heart with gumdrop smiles 
There are horse masks among us 
Dog doesn’t want his owner’s kisses, not one little bit 
Best photos of the week 
An unbelievable Griffin Stein update
Singer does an amazing trumpet impression 
13 year old shreds it hard on blues guitar 
Let’s take a moment to appreciate mirrors 
Don’t ever take yourself too seriously 
The Mexican folklore of ‘El Shrinko’ 
Bad girls bend at the waist 
It’s been a long week, have some cake 
Life is short, have some fun 
I can always think of Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Friday is a great day to reflect on your childhood 
Putting the final piece on the One World Trade Center 
15 famous quotes about friendship 
Who wears short shorts? They wear short shorts 
More interesting facts because KNOWLEDGE IS POWER 
Sometimes Russian dash cams capture the best in humanity too 
These wood sculptures give me wood 
Iron Man 3 trailer parody is bizarrely brilliant 
You are awesome 
Musicians have some fairly odd backstage requests 
Careful, those could poke an eye out 
Can you guess who’s celebrity daughter this is? 
Please, girls, keep tugging on your clothes 
I did not know that…
Like the cowbell, I gotta have more redheads! 
Well, that escalated quickly 
Awesome mom makes napkin art for her two sons every day 
Every man deserves an epic man cave 
Your tattoo, it’s sooointeresting? 
Finals week everywhere is always the same 
Daily Afternoon Randomness 
Toby the cat meowing to cat cellphone ringtone 
Firefighter KCCO’s are finally back, baby!
Photographer places pet heads on owners bodies 
So, you got engagedcute 
Well, that’s not what I expected 
A friendly reminder to men: you are more beautiful than you think 
The fascinating origin of Coca-Cola 
Oh Hump Day, how happy you make me 
Is it ok if I crash at your place for the next few forever? 
You can wear anything 
Darwin’s exceptions 
Turns out modeling is harder than I initially thought 
North Koreans sure love their choreographed human mosaics, don’t they? 
Let’s face it, the internet runs on awesome animals 
A few interesting facts about napping 
Everybody looks sexy getting out of the water 
Nicole Nagrani, the youngest IFBB Bikini Pro in the world 
‘Catwoman’ has the worst scene in movie history 
These parents deserve a medal 
What the fuuuuu 
Son gives his mother an incredibly touching gift on his birthday 
We found your camera 
Idiot criminals essentially capture themselves 
People who fought off and escaped their imminent death 
Bare backs are such an elegant kind of beautiful 
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
The making of an amazing Iron Man suit 
WTF Twizy RS-F1 vs the real thing…high-res Renault F1 racing 
Natalie is a cute military truck driver from Nova Scotia 
‘MERICA, ‘MERICA, God shed his grace on thee 
Early concept art for a few popular movies 
If you ask people for help, you probably shouldn’t mock them 
It’s the small things that make being a parent so fun 
No context needed 
Engines full steam ahead, Cap’n. Find Them 
Sometimes you win; sometimes you lose 
Gaps have been proven to be good for the eyes 
Genius or Stupid? 
Europe’s tallest elevator 
Adorable animals trying to stay awake 
Best of the ‘When I was a kid’ meme 
Kids bedrooms that I would still love to have today 
Canadians, Eh? 
Celebrities with small facesREALLY small faces 
A world without FLBP is a problem I won’t dare speak of… 
20 inventions that were created by accident 
I think we found where winter comes from… 
Capital Cities just dropped their official video for ‘Safe and Sound’ 
Sunday is a perfect day for lingerie 
It’s time to find a new planet to live on 
Meanwhile in news world 
When panoramics go wrong 
Hot girls in the middle of nowhere 
Cat Saturday 
Canadian Military KCCO’s available now!
Luis Suarez’s in-game tactics go way beyond poor sportsmanship 
Welcome to the Internet 
You passed the hot non-vampire test 
Friday Dopamine Dump 
You may want to rethink your water bazooka design 
A few examples of why you NEVER give your cellphone number out in a public place 
A few actors who voiced surprising pop-culture characters 
Am I the only one who gets turned on by food?? 
Please nobody tell these girls how their clothes are supposed to work 
It’s Friday, you could use some photobombs 
It’s time for some Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
I often sit and wonder if the course of history would’ve changed if yoga pants existed throughout time 
You can find beauty in the strangest places 
The 3rd and final installation of random facts that will knock you on your a## 
A wonderfully hilarious rap song about a girl who’s friends with her ex 
We need your help to design Resignation Brewery’s logo. $1,000 Prize!
These mail order brides do know how to pose 
The US Military KCCO’s are here!
Is there such a thing as being too honest?? 
Awesome dad draws rad art on his kids sandwich bags 
An incredibly touching shadow performance on Britain’s Got Talent 
It’s been proven, bras are no good for you 
McDonald’s meals age like a fine wine 
A few random facts that will knock you on your a## — part 2 
There is splendor in good ol’ fashioned redneck innovation 
Nobody puts redheads in a corner 
The rich kids of Instagram strike again 
Baconfest Chicago 2013: Where dreams are born 
Serenading people in public with club jams is a wonderful prank 
Insightful yearbook quotes to pass down to future generations 
Mail order brides posing awkwardly 
Dog and lady perform ‘Grease’ routine to near perfection 
So many humps, so little time 
Hope you weren’t planning on sleeping tonight 
Homeless man tells heartbreaking story: “No matter what people think about me, I know I’m a human first” 
I wish I could’ve been there for these beautiful moments 
Have the biggest lips in the world they said, it will be FUN they said 
You missed it, didn’t you? 
Damn, that’s impressive 
A few random facts that will knock you on your a## 
You can’t explain that 
Oh animals, how you amuse me so 
The power of the human spirit 
If you combine way too many dominoes and a brilliant Rube-Goldberg machine, you get my new favorite music video 
Ryan Lochte laughed at by Fox29 Anchors after interview because, well, he’s really dumb 
Jimmy Kimmel gets Coachella attendees to lie about liking fake bands 
Nothing beats a beautiful smile 
Some of biggest flops EVER 
Do not want 
Wowza, that’s a really good point 
Found: Kyra Santoro 
Take a tour on Pablo Escobar’s abandoned Safari Park 
I miss college
Old clock tower gets transformed into a swanky penthouse 
I gotta get me a goofy girl 
Australian, hot and in the Navy 
A little Asian persuasion if you know what I’m saysian 
You deserve a hammock 
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
Glamour Mug-Shots! 
I don’t know if it’d be more fun to ride this thing or to run it 
Grandfather from Malaysia sings heartfelt “Unchained Melody” 
Fun Facts Fox, because everything on the internet is true 
Everything on the Internet is true 
Elderly man takes a tumble, awesome biker and girl help out 
Monday’s aren’t so bad when gaps are involved 
Well, that’s one way to do it… 
A Banana slicer that might just change your life 
Identically themed movies that were released at the same time 
A few lovely lady celebs now and way back when 
They say an elephant never forgets. Also, Find Her 
Impressive portraits made from everyday objects 
FLBP: Some problems come bearing gifts 
This man does wonderful things with wood 
“Arnold Schwarzenegger Driving” by Will Sasso. Need I say more 
The back can be just as good as the front at times 
Amazing street art from around the globe 
Soooo you got wasted 
An amazing wife recreates her husband’s favorite TV show intros for his birthday 
If the world were a village of 100 People 
The amazing pencil art of Diego Fazio 
Dude, it’s Cat Saturday 
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ 
It’s almost the weekend and I just DGAF 
The great orchestra prank 
Racing fan builds his own amazing Formula One Racecar 
Get your girl a mirror, girls love mirrors 
Seriously, why do these stock photos exist? 
Awesome police officer can skate 
DDIY: Don’t Do It Yourself 
Operation Rescue Squirrel 
The Ritz-Carlton hotel experience is one of a kind 
It’s been a rough week. Here’s some lovely ladies laughing. 
Naturally, I have some Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
Bless the God of geeks for beautiful Cosplay girls 
Go home headlines, you’re drunk 
Animals eyes up close are kind of trippy 
Worry about yourself! 
Using magic to get a girl’s phone number. Well played, Sir 
Kids, are they even people? 
Funny thing about your bra is, it’s useless 
Cat vs. vacuum 
Ever wonder what animals with human mouths would look like?Me neither 
Whatever happens, don’t say Awww 
Searching “Why is my” in Google from A-Z might surprise you 
The extremely beautiful and terrifying Rio de Janeiro tightrope walk 
Towel Thursday is the dirtiest day of the week 
The world’s greatest airport? 
Strange pop culture mashup art by Justin Hager 
Patton Oswalt’s ideas for the next Star Wars are incredible 
Scoring a soap opera is easy, just add cats 
Stop drop and twerk, it’s Hump Day! 
Well played… 
So, Charlie Chaplin’s Granddaughter is kind of a fox 
Anthony Bourdain’s Twitter feed makes me hungry 
A tough daily climb to school 
Homeboy wingsuits through a bat cave 
More proof of why animals don’t suck 
Hows about No 
Video games have come a long way since their origin 
Watch out for douchebags, they run in packs 
A few workspaces of famous artists 
Women: Can’t drive with them, can’t drive with ‘em 
Native American style singing in a car is a beautiful blend of the old and the new 
Blind disabled girl belts out a breathtaking Star Spangled Banner 
Sometimes four eyes are better than two 
Work happens 
A few eyegasms for your Tuesday 
That’ll buff out 
Danny DeVito’s troll foot gets around 
I have so many questions… 
Husky throws temper tantrum over watching TV on couch 
I can’t prove that any of this is Photoshopped, but call it a hunch 
If you like tattoos get in here 
It’s the little things after a night of hard drinking 
Soldier gets an unlikely but welcome Webcam surprise 
Girls who love to have fun are why snow melts in the Springtime 
A woman’s abs are something like magic 
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
Girls who worked hard for a little recognition 
A few interesting infographics of TV and film 
DIY Jurassic Park car made out of a 33-year-old Subaru station wagon 
Women, just a friendly reminder: you are more beautiful than you think 
90 year old grandmother tries the Oculus Rift for the first time 
Pssst hey kid… wanna mind some gaps? 
Some YouTube comments are better than novels 
What the fuuuuu 
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras 
Ummmwhhaaa?? 
A DIY guide to faking bigger boobs 
Guy uses VoiceJam app to make amazing cover of Ed Sheeran’s ‘Wayfaring Stranger’ 
Candy from your childhood that will bring you back 
You win some, you lose some, you find some 
Here comes the new Quidditch craze 
I love Mondays because of FLBP 
‘Game of Thrones’ humor that is downright silly 
It’s Monday. Try to love your job as much as Mr. Willie does. 
Soooo you got wasted 
Life is Awesome! 
She’s got legs for days 
The Tokyo Marathon is business as usual for Japan 
Dr. Seuss gets a fantasy/sci-fi update 
Hot girls in the middle of nowhere 
Do something innovative this weekend 
Friday Dopamine Dump 
An amazing behind-the-scenes moment on Seinfeld 
I gotta get myself some more mirrors.. 
Sports balls replaced with cats 
Crazy inventions from a time long, long ago 
Amazing subway violin cover of ‘I Knew You Were Trouble’ 
A few hidden gems found in Simpsons signs 
You’ve gotta crawl before you can walk 
The world would view graffiti differently if it were all this amazing 
Nothing to see here, just my Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
A few guys from ’90s bands then and now 
How about a nice stretch before you kickstart the weekend 
Little girl’s wish is granted when she asks Snow White to bring her Marine father home 
A wireless charging nightstand is the most futuristic thing you could possibly build yourself 
Cartoons taken out of context will destroy your childhood 
DUBSTEP HIGHER: What wizardry is this? 
I do what I want 
It may get dark out, better burn your bras 
She’ll make you wanna’ memorize the Canadian National Anthem 
Hungry yet? 
This will blow your mind 
Mmmmmm, vodka laced with hornets. Yummy 
Mikks miniature motor speedway 
Tugging is probably the best thing you can do to your clothes 
20 more simple life hacks to use around the house 
Perfectly timed sports 
Thursday already? I’m ready for redheads 
Jack Russell rescued after being stuck in pipe for four days 
Motorcycle helmet-cam is definitely the best view of a police chase 
KCCO and BFM have returned!
Throwing away a Milk Duds container was never so complicated 
Protest what really matters 
Knee Highs or Thigh Highs? BOTH 
You’re doing it wrong 
Wednesday can only mean one thing… 
This is arguably the most adorable thing I’ve ever seen 
The good ol’ delivery truck prank 
Emilia Clark is my medieval fantasy 
Would you live in a luxury water tower? 
I don’t even know what’s right anymore 
Animals that don’t suck 
Tourist gives people a peek into the illusive North Korea 
Bikinis everywhere are a sign that summer is just around the corner 
JELLFISH, JELLYFISH EVERYWHERE!! 
Wow, that’s an impressive level of lazy 
A DIY Nutella dessert that will make you question whether the heart attack was worth it 
Look at all those… 
An unbelievable Zoe update 
Wonderful wedding wishes from a brother overseas 
Take a swim in some eyes 
Oh Sh!t 
Crystal Graziano knows her Cosplay 
Things Travis Pastrana hasn’t jumped 
The cast of ‘Game of Thrones’ look like a good time 
You will never see a petting zoo like this in the United States 
Father chronicles ‘Reasons Why My Son is Crying’ 
A quick public service announcement 
Never start a riot in Russia 
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
The grandest curve of all, the arched back 
I miss college
Take a joyride on the luxury yacht Numptia 
Trainspotting then and now 
With a dad this great, these kids are guaranteed to turn out awesome 
Now this is how you ask a girl to the prom 
This man is a news photobomb pro 
Captions go on photos like butter on toast 
Lady celebs without their armor of makeup 
Catching two fish at once 
Sometimes you win, and sometimes you lose 
Nothing beats a woman’s POV 
The attractive convict meme 
A beautiful African hotel retreat in Kenya 
A kid’s tree house I could live in 
Mirror Mirror on the Find Her 
Criminals steal phone but get caught snapping photos of themselves 
Some solid highlights from WonderCon 2013 
The sun rises with FLBP 
Aren’t kids precious 
The making of an Engineer ‘Prometheus’ costume 
Thanksgiving would be a lot more interesting if they made baby lightsabers 
Sloths are the new cats 
That’s a really nice.. shirt 
Best photos of the week 
The new Battlefield 4 gameplay footage just blew my face right off my skull 
The most righteous surfer girl gallery brah! 
This week in bad tattoos 
DAR is not
Mirror mirror on the wall 
Hold on, help is on the way!! 
Bad girls bend at the waist 
A trip back to the good old days is just what you need 
Some people’s awesomeness goes up to 11 
The glass is half-full in my Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Something, something, cleverEmma Watson 
Hotel reviews that might make you reconsider your stay 
The Broken Brass ensemble does an awesome cover of “Thrift Shop” 
Daily Afternoon Randomness 
In life, there’s underboob and then there’s everything else 
Facebook: where geniuses and idiots collide 
I have beef with people this stupid 
The octopus great escape 
Why even bother wearing a bra? 
Clever furniture to help spruce up your house 
“Vadering” is yet another kookie trend on the internet 
On #TowelThursday, everyone gets dirty 
You missed it, didn’t you? 
It’s a redhead kind of nation 
I’m starting to think there’s a method to Russian madness 
Amazing golf carts that get you from A to B 
Holi is quickly climbing to the top of my bucket list 
Well, that’s one way to do it 
Scottish drummers tear up a talent show 
Don’t be a grump, it’s time for humps! 
I’d gladly take any one of these homes 
The never ending battle between cats and blinds 
A few facts you likely didn’t know about London 
When tossing a beer goes wrong 
A beautiful abandoned hotel for the books 
Life could’ve been totally different if I’d just grown up somewhere else 
Cutie loses 88 pounds in 1 year 
The Final Four should be decided off the court 
Anybody for a little smoke break? 
A few things that make no sense about ‘The Walking Dead’ 
Anderson Silva visits his biggest fan in the hospital 
Is the NBA rigged? You decide 
I gotta get me a goofy girl 
‘Modesty’ is not this man’s favorite word 
A heavy dose of irony 
Genius or Stupid? 
Her name is Naomi 
Mom has hilarious reaction to news of being a grandma 
Actors that die the most in movies 
Things can get awkward in da club 
Happy Belated Easter Everybody!! 
Brace yourselves, the festival girls are coming 
You know what? That’s a really good point 
One cool photo…and I added a few hot gals 
Take a peak inside Disney’s famous castle 
Some FLBP girls seem in order, right?
The story of Ellis the Hawk 
Playboy bunnies from way back when 
Sometimes awesome happens on the New York City subway 
The most wonderful and supreme links on all of the internet
The glorious adventures of Supreme Leader Kim Jong-Un and are of courage and bravery through hearts of the people 
Want vs. Need
Get your North Korean homes today! Or we will do it for you. 
Our beloved Dear Leader, Kim Jong-il, is gone, but glorious facts about him will live forever 
It’s Monday, you will have motivation 
Meanwhile, in the world I wish I lived in which is beautiful all happiness best Democratic People’s Republic of Korea 
FLBP in the DPRK 
Daily Morning Everything is Glorious All the Time 
Please enjoy all-time special clips of great and glorious Democratic People’s Republic of Korea 
Some Easter bunnies come with defects 
The newest photo craze all the cool kids are doing 
The Superhero Media Crossover Project 
Cute girls will keep your heart beating 
Derp is in the air 
Best photos of the week 
Welcome to the friendzone 
Best news bloopers of 2013so far 
Girl plays fetch with her pet crow 
I like your reflection 
Don’t ever take yourself too seriously 
I want thaaat 
Please nobody tell these girls how their clothes are supposed to work 
Life’s short, have some fun 
It has been a while since you last changed your desktop wallpaper 
A few classic VHS tapes from our youth 
And you thought your work station sucked 
Say what you will about the music, but this is impressive 
High beams so bright, they’re blinding! 
How does Spider-Man do it?! 
I do what I want 
I like to learn something new every day 
Guy gobbles at turkeys. Turkeys gobble back. Guy can’t handle it 
Whatever happens, don’t say Awwww 
Actresses without teeth. Need I say more? 
A DIY personal fire pit, you say 
The Swimming Cities of Serenissima 
Terminal cancer sufferer checks prom off her bucket list thanks to a loyal and loving community 
I didn’t see cars at the 2013 Geneva Motor Show 
A few mind-blowing facts you might not know about the universe 
Another Thursday brings with it good tidings — redheads 
A guitar that just might help you survive the zombie apocalypse 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
You’re smiling, but I don’t buy that you’re happy 
Whatever your situation is, Seth Williams can act it 
I never thought I’d say this, but these are some badass golfers 
I have no idea what’s happening inside Russian clubs… and I like it 
The KCCO’s are back, baby!
Lil Wayne ends Interview when asked about poetry 
Glamour shots make everything radical to the max 
Woaah man like my mind is blown dude 
Sergio Garcia’s amazing trick shot from a tree 
Happy Gluteus Maximus Day! 
Believe it or not, all these celebs are the same age 
Damn, Nature, you are one crazy mother 
That roof came out of nowhere, right?? 
Real truth pops like a kernel 
Cool BBQ grills…and a couple hot chicks cooking 
Animals that don’t suck 
Vietnam up close and personal 
“Life edited” apartment gets the most out of a tiny space 
Anyone for a salmon shooter sandwich? 
What’s on your happy list? 
Girl rocks a Hendrix song on the gayageum…whatever that is 
I want… but do i need? 
F*ck! 
A girl smiling can brighten anyones day 
A look the most expensive penthouse in the world 
The Rock seems like a helluva guy 
Baby got bare back 
A collection of amazing TK Stormtrooper helmets 
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
I miss college
Who knew baby-changing stations could be this much fun? 
I’m pretty sure in about 12 years this will be called “Exhibit A” 
Who knew ‘Barbie Girl’ could rock this hard? 
Start your week off with a few eyegasms 
Totally wasn’t photoshopped I swear 
MMA fighter has an unfortunate name 
Mind the Gap Monday is here! 
What perfect billboard ad placement 
I don’t even know what’s right anymore 
All’s fair in love and war and Find Her 
This is how all schools should teach their kids facts 
It’s Monday, you could use some motivation 
Photographer Martin Rietze captures Japanese Volcano and lightning storm 
Bracket busted?? Take some FLBP as consolation 
Movies that are a decade old… 
Googly eyes are taking over 
NFL players say the darndest things 
And now here’s The Beach Boys shredding ‘I Get Around’ 
Life Is Awesome! 
Soooo you got wasted 
Sims life is a lot like real life 
How about some good tattoos for a change 
Guy plays “Dueling Banjos” solo on double necked guitar 
Sun’s out, buns out! 
I just had a massive nerdgasm watching this man fly a model airplane 
Dog photobombs every photo in Craigslist apartment posting 
Mirrors are a girls best friend 
Good guy crossing guard is millionaire and NBA hall of famer 
Unbelievable light sculptures by Diet Wiegman 
Girls who are definitely workin’ out hard for the weekend 
Meanwhile, in the world I wish I lived in… 
In a perfectly timed world 
I like girls because squishy 
Spring into my Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
All of these films are 20 years old. Good Day
I can’t prove that any of this isn’t real, but something’s fishy  
Youtube comments are snarky, but I love ‘em 
Taxidermy has a mad scientist 
Would you want to live in a world without the internet? 
Unloading a truck in Taiwan is a thing of genius 
Bras are flammable, coincidence? 
Woman gives accurate description of hail storm 
30 Rock, I’m going to miss you 
Are you hungry yet? 
You motorboatin’ son of a bitch 
Jackie Chan’s facebook page is hilarious 
A perfect hotel for star-gazing fanatics 
The Northern Lights are a beauty words can’t begin to describe 
Tugging on clothing might be the best thing you can do to it 
I think you forgot something
Sometimes parents get it just right 
Redheaded women are the gift that keeps on giving 
Sad morning truths you can’t deny 
You know something called “Low carb bread” is going to be bad, but not THIS bad 
A police officer has a power trip behind the wheel 
3 bed, 2 bath + spacious kitchen and a secret underground grow operation 
Beautiful moments like these are life’s flavor crystals 
The Hump Day express keeps on chuggin’ with Natalie 
What the fuuuuu 
Attention! It’s Hump Day! 
Facebook doesn’t always bring in the brightest bunch 
Australian stranger saves little girl’s life 
Start your Hump Day with a warm cup of this tush 
Historical photos chock-full of facts 
My Engrish so good not 
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
Brilliant is not a word I throw around lightly, but… Damn. 
Very good looking Israeli Defense Girls part 1 
Unique and bizarre houses around the world 
Let’s face it, animals are kind of badass 
DIY edible earthworms will make you the talk of your wife’s party 
The Minuum Keyboard just made my smart phone look stupid 
Baseball fans can be real douchebags 
Is it summer yet? 
Don’t worry, that’ll buff out 
Former madhouse gets a wonderful makeover 
You, my friend, have made an incredibly good point 
Insane dirt bike parachute jump POV 
Hipster fashion is spreading through Finland like a plague 
From sunset to night: F-18 Hornets in high-res 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
How to be a cool person according to a seven-year-old 
Darwin’s exceptions 
The last of an amazing St. Paddy’s Day weekend 
Sea lion rescued from the streets of Brazil 
Life, the universe, and everything elegantly explained by an exceptional nine-year-old 
Your mission should you choose to accept it: Find Her 
Dog learns about gravity the hard way 
Well played, sir. Well played. 
Michael Caine does his Michael Caine impression 
Everything on the Internet is true 
Have you minded the gap today? 
Good guy Tesla 
You had ONE job 
I’m still hurting from the weekendFLBP 
Repetition is key. Repetition is key. 
The Heath Ledger behind-the-scenes edition of ‘The Dark Knight’ 
These kids have life all figured out 
Urban wingsuiting is one of those things I can’t believe is a thing 
You are now entering the hip bone zone 
Graffiti isn’t always a bad thing 
Ladies, try to contain yourselves 
In Internet terms, Russia is a super power 
Best photos of the week 
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ 
You know what, you don’t f#*^ with street performers and get away with it 
I swear China isn’t even trying anymore 
The cast of ‘Game of Thrones’ and their cat doppelgangers 
Mirror mirror on the wall 
A dad who really gets a kick out of reenacting his baby 
It’s almost the weekend and I just DGAF 
You can find beauty in the strangest places 
Fox News has their B-Roll priorities straight 
Caution: slippery when wet 
Posing, natural, I don’t care…Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
A few clever ideas to try out around the house 
Hey, a thumbs up is a powerful thing 
You can’t explain that 
Pun intended 
Just a bunch of penguins, being penguins 
I do what I want 
Olivia Wilde blasts Justin Bieber via Twitter over the lack of a T-shirt 
I did not know men were capable of such evil 
Add some captions to spice up your photos 
Burn your bra, but be safe! 
Dolls are a guy’s best friend?? 
CD covers from back in the ’90s 
Whatever happens don’t say Awww 
Guatemalan volcano goes BOOM 
Google Tel Aviv looks like a fairly nice workplace 
#TowelThursday might just leave you feeling dirty again 
Browsing will turn to buying when you see these mail order brides 
Luv for the St. Louis Arch and high-res hot girls 
Rare photos of celebs in their element 
Enjoy a full serving of redheads before you celebrate Saint Patrick’s Day 
A few movie posters if they were really honest 
St. Paddy’s day, as seen through Google Glass 
Offerman Woodshop returns!
Travis Rice mind blowing POV 
If you like tattoos get in here 
The popular helicopter meme that, according to the internet, has “been everywhere” 
Words of encouragement from a 5-year-old to a boy waiting for a kidney 
The Invisible Man 
Hallelujah, it’s Hump Day! 
What it’s like to get upgraded to business class on Emirates Air 
As if cats weren’t spoiled enough, now add money 
Rescued shelter dogs who thankfully were given a second chance at life 
Well, that’s not what I expected 
Start your morning off with a nice warm cup of Susan Coffey 
Animals that don’t suck 
It’s yoga o’clock somewhere 
Time is a fickle thing 
I think these neon signs are trying to tell us something 
If you want to play piano with Billy Joel, all you have to do is ask 
Work happens 
When Awesome people hang out 
Welcome to the internet 
Never jump into a puddle for only one dollar 
Yep, nailed it! 
Well put. 
I want to meet Dave Grohl. No, really 
These girls will punch their way into your heart 
The faces behind popular memes today 
Let’s just say I did not expect these guys’ boss to be that good of a dancer 
Sometimes parenting should come with a set of training wheels 
I gotta get me a goofy girl 
If houses were people I would marry these ones, divorce them, and then never work another day in my life 
Ummm…whaaaa? 
Gettin’ low, down and dirty once again… 
Take a moment to imagine a world of sponsored superheroes 
The Muppets’ tribute to Canada 
Dustin Hoffman’s amazing acceptance speech for winning Best Actor in ‘Kramer vs. Kramer’ 
A woman’s abs are something like magic 
The Top Secret Drum Corps make machines look sloppy 
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras 
Seems legit… 
DeAndre Jordan’s monster dunk 
Got Gap? 
That’s a huge PIG 
I wish they weren’t, but these things are all just too true 
Meet Kezia Noble the sex guru 
Girls who accidentally got some face on their plastic 
‘Adorable’ spelled backwards is ‘Find Her’ 
BACK TO THE FUTURE…LOWER BACK PROBLEMS 
Some of the stranger old-timey photos you will ever see 
Porn stars with and without makeup makes a slight difference 
Imagine being in the audience for the most watched show on Earth, and they ask if anyone has your exact incredible talent 
Soooo you got wasted 
To some people, chasing awesome is a profession 
Cute girls are what makes the sun shine 
I need to start watching the news more 
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ 
He’s been called the Michael Flatley of his time 
Girls to a mirror like moths to a flame 
Wonders found on the underground 
Some people’s awesome knob goes up to 11 
Wounded Warrior Games demonstrate the unwavering nature of the ‘Marine spirit’ 
Photos from a time long, long ago…
Gorgeous Cosplay girls, be still my heart 
The ultimate wakeup prank compilation 
A few comedians back in their younger years 
It’s Friday, you could use some photobombs 
Wow, that hit me right in the childhood 
Vintage NASA 
Honestly, you can’t explain that 
The Bund Sightseeing Tunnel looks like one Hell of a trippy ride 
‘Refcam’ could be the best thing to happen to sports since balls 
The internet is a tough place full of tough guys 
Man goes on a bowling tear for a single minute 
Be careful with those bras, they’re flammable 
So much for sleeping tonight 
A few awesome showers I would definitely not cry in 
Problems only children from the ’90s can fully understand 
Redheads have been making a big comeback according to my calculations 
If ‘The Walking Dead’ aired in the 90′s 
Different parts of the world viewed from space 
Why would you ever get out of bed? 
I want thaaaat 
Dita Von Teese rocking the first ever 3D printed dress 
Floor plans from some of your favorite television shows of old 
Video games get their wires crossed 
It’s fair to say Charlize Theron has aged incredibly gracefully 
Sex in video games 
Damn, it feels good to be a dog 
I could get into weddings if they were all this amusing 
Always take laziness to the next level 
Settle down chooch, its Hump Day!
Do not want! 
Drake makes it rain at the strip club for reasons unknown 
Skydiving Mary Poppins style 
Wow, that right there is seriously impressive 
Guess how old this woman is? 
A compilation of Lara Croft Cosplay girls is something I always have time for 
Military and Canadian KCCO’s have returned!
Get low, get down, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
The front of the girlfriend who lead her boyfriend around the world 
The Civil War era captured on camera 
Thoses dresses never looked happier 
21 roads to drive in your lifetime 
100 year old man still shows why he was once known as Mr. Universe 
Finally, someone tells the story of every party I went to in high school 
iGlide dubstep dancing is more proof that some people don’t abide by the laws of physics 
We found your camera 
I don’t think thats how you do it 
NASA can still afford an amazing swimming pool 
A little inspiration goes a long way 
Climbers narrowly miss avalanche 
Now that you mention it, that’s a really good point 
A few facts you might not have known about Pulp Fiction
Man finds noble cause in pirating movies 
You have to respect some good ol’ fashioned redneck innovation 
Girls who love to have fun are where colors, tastes and sounds come from 
Joselyn Cano is using the Twitter Machine properly 
I miss college
MS paint artist that will draw just about anything you ask for 
$3.9 million, 750hp and a bonafide crazy design: Lamborghini Veneno 
A few beautiful stops to make around the globe in your lifetime 
What a peculiar place to put “quotation marks” 
The elevator doors open and a man is being murdered in front of you. What do you do? 
If Bishop from the movie ‘Aliens’ had an android daughter…that sang 
It’s Monday, you know what that means! 
Photographer’s sexy girlfriend leads him around the world 
Some houses are a cut above the rest 
News anchor can’t handle fat cat swimming 
20 resumes so wrong they’re almost right 
Russians must be so stoked it’s finally springtime 
Humpback whale out of f#%^ing nowhere 
I have a feeling we can Find Her 
I love Mondays because of FLBP. Simple as that 
Walter White’s competition just took a huge hit 
“Fashion” is a subjective word 
Symmetrical celebrities 
This 6 year old BGirl is nothing short of jaw-droppingly talented 
Sunday is a good day for lingerie 
Europe really wants you to take their subways 
Ever wondered what a girl likes in a man? 
Few inventions are as impactful and brilliant as the OREO separator machine 
Some people take boredom a bit more seriously 
Daily Afternoon Randomness in HQ 
Restaurant owner with down syndrome is an inspiration to us all 
Meanwhile, in the world I wish I lived in 
I love a girl that can do it herself 
Quadruple kick into the weekend 
Spend a night in a luxury hotel prison 
How to make a 15 pound Snickers bar, if you’re into that sort of thing 
Paralyzed dog gets a new means of transportation 
Please nobody tell these girls how their clothes are supposed to work 
A nice batch of high-res Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Life is short, so have some fun 
Girls are working hard for the weekend 
The renovation process that saved the White House from collapse 
You can’t explain that 
A Shrek themed wedding?? 
Art Bouvier saw a good man in need, so he did what he could to help him 
We’ve all been caught staring 
Can’t tell if genius or stupid 
If you need me I’ll just be rope swinging over a canyon 
Burning bras is an ancient tradition 
I try to learn something new every day 
Build your own roller coaster costume and be Mr./Mrs. popular 
Some people cure cancer, others become the world’s fastest hot dog shooter 
The Irish KCCO’s have returned!!!
Model Hogwarts made of 400,000 pieces of LEGO 
Tugging on your clothes grabs my attention 
By day, hot Marine…by afternoon, model 
You missed it, didn’t you? 
GAME ON!! 
I know the week is headed in the right direction when I see redheads 
Only in Kentucky 
Just in case you weren’t already all the way in love with Jennifer Lawrence… 
The ol’ beauty shop ghost in the mirror prank, we’ve all been there 
KCCO Beer coming soon. We’re seeking a brewery to partner with for creation of liquid gold 
Invisibility is the key to a great photobomb 
Hump Day couldn’t have arrived any sooner 
Gorilla goes ape over pile of leaves 
Oh sh!t 
Passed out and pranked to perfection 
Please, let me help you 
I just want to run wildy through this park 
Let’s put some Asian in the Equation, shall we 
Choose your Ride: Garages 
Icebergs might not be a ship’s best friend, but they sure are purty 
Fried spiders? How ’bout no, Scott 
Your morning probably won’t involve any fire breathing, so why not take a trip to Thailand? 
Work happens 
Arguably too much cuteness to handle 
Welcome to the internet 
People who have surprisingly never won an oscar 
Sometimes four eyes are better than two 
Nailed it! 
Well put. 
Meet the world’s oldest marathon runner 
Unless you’re filthy rich, Hong Kong isn’t the city for you 
Musician creates amazing Massive Attack cover with vegetables 
I miss college
Sexting doesn’t always work out the way you planned it 
I gotta get me a goofy girl 
I dreamed a dream of a bed like these 
There is something subtly breathtaking about frost shadows 
Get low, get dirty, and have yourself a good time 
Some tricked out private jets 
The only word my brain can think right now is WANT 
JENNIFER LAWRENCE JENNIFER LAWRENCE JENNIFER LAWRENCE JENNIFER LAWRENCE. We love you 
Naked man locks himself out of his hotel room. Annnnd scene 
Gaps help make the world a beautiful place 
Wanna’ meet for coffee or sumpthin? Find Her 
Natural selection working its magic 
Adult stars found in the wild 
Maps that show the world in a different light 
High school basketball player passes ball to mentally challenged player on the other team so he can score a basket 
So you didn’t win your Oscar pool, take some FLBP as consolation 
Some vintage lunch boxes that will bring you back 
Comedians have their moments 
Daily Morning Awesomeness 
In Japan, moving is less of a chore and more of an art 
Life is Awesome 
What if Mario was a FPS game? 
That’s a really nice… shirt 
The trend is still going strong 
What’s the word I’m thinking of? 
So there’s gonna’ be an afterparty in Atlanta at Churchills!
It’s almost the weekend and I just DGAF 
9 Golfers putt 9 balls into one hole 
Mirrors are a girl’s best friend 
Jelly bean art 
A stiff breeze is giving me a…well…
The most hilarious YouTube montage ever made pt. 2 
Google around the globe 
Angels with dirty faces 
These are my Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Successful construction for the visually impaired 
You can’t explain that 
Yoga pants aren’t a style, they’re more a way of life 
The beautiful culmination of two and a half years of raising a person 
A few eyegasms for your Thursday 
Taylor Swift knew trouble when it walked in 
BYOB – Burn Your Own Bra 
You can wear anything 
Animals can be real a**holes 
Cue the ‘Jaws” soundtrack. The dreaded duckfaces are back 
A manmade tropical resort-style island? Go onnnn…
Bare backs so beautiful I can barely bear it 
It’s a redhead kind of Thursday 
Like an ’80s montage, Chinese drivers always push their vehicles to the limit 
An artist’s evolving talent from age 2 to 25 
A few captions we can all get behind 
Google just released a video of what wearing Google Glasses looks like. What do you think? 
Guy surprises his sad girlfriend with a brand new pug puppy 
Have some Hump Day, you deserve it 
This guy might need to register his snowmobile as an aircraft 
That’s doin’ it right 
Birds with arms are a really messed up thought 
Hell freezes over every year in Oymyakon, Russia 
Sports captured at just the right moment 
I don’t even know what’s right anymore 
GBU-57 Bunker Buster, high-res hot girl checkers 
Animals that don’t suck 
The rich kid of Instagram 
What if I told you these weren’t photographs? 
Coming soon: forget everything you ever knew about pens 
The ‘Human LCD’ screen brought to you by South Korea 
Don’t worry, that’ll buff right out 
Seeing the sun through a different lens 
Smiles so bright, you could see them for miles 
That right there is a very good point 
Pictures of hipsters taking pictures of food 
Apparently cars can do backflips now 
The construction of Disneyland 
Found: Barbara Palvin 
You’ve got the wrong number 
Girls with darker skin but lighter eyes sear a hole right through my heart 
Hows About No 
I miss college
“Deep Inside”: A study of 10,000 adult film stars 
They sell crazy on tap in Russia 
Pun intended 
It’ll be summer soon, and I’m damn sure going to need one of these 
Astronaut star Chris Hadfield aboard the ISS sings a collaboration with the Barenaked Ladies 
Presidents Day and gaps go hand and hand 
What the fuuuuu 
It’s all about timing and perspective 
People who’ve combined their two greatest passions: food and tattoos 
Johnny Knoxville’s trick nut shots 
It’s called fashion, you might of heard of it 
President’s Day: their favorite rides 
Peace, Love, Find Her 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
A future without lower back problems is no future of mine 
Signs full of “WTF” 
World’s fastest tracked vehicle: 0-60mph in around 4 seconds…this is the Ripsaw 
How far 200 calories goes with various foods 
Livio De Marchi is a wood sculpting Jedi 
This grandma playing Kinect is my new hero 
This dog can change his facial expressions at the drop of a hat 
Freckled girls for the win 
How an Astronaut met Star Trek Alumn from space 
Online dating is a one stop shop for love 
These wouldn’t be my first choice of tattoos 
Hot girls in the middle of nowhere 
Street artist plays ‘Hallelujah’ with crystal glasses 
Don’t ever take yourself too seriously 
Mirror mirror on the wall 
The game has changed… 
I want thaaaat 
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned 
10 year old kills it on banjo 
Graffiti art can be a wonderful thing 
I like girls because squishy 
Meteorite shower streaks across the sky over Russia like something out of a movie 
Though our childhood gets further away everyday, its legacy remains stronger than ever 
Adrenaline junkies like to live on the edge 
Romantic Venice, Italy is currently ice-cold 
Forget chocolates and flowers, this is Love 
Whatever happens, don’t say Awww 
F*ck 
The great Nivea airport prank 
Bras are like the fashion industry’s little joke 
Let today be your cheat day 
We live in a beautiful world full of incredible geniuses 
Adult entertainment stars before they ran away from home 
Indiana University Orchestra performs Bohemian Rhapsody 
Tyrannical Valentine’s Day cards. You heard me right 
#TowelThursday always leaves me desperately in need of a cold shower 
DIY football food stadium 
Celebrities you likely didn’t know had a twin 
Early Bad Ideas for the Weekend b/c I want V-day lingerie 
Valentine’s Day Sucks 
Celebrate the holiday with a beautiful new wallpaper — Yayyyy! 
Sound logic: It won’t be found here 
A treehouse every man would dream to have in his backyard 
This dog is trapped in a little too much snow, and he couldn’t be happier 
Russian Clubs, where SEXY and WTF have a play date 
The KCCO’s are back! Including long sleeve KCCO’s!
Photographer Tadao Čern brings on the ultimate derp face 
And you thought you were having a bad day 
Nothing wrong with a little junk in the trunk 
Captions and photos go together like ketchup and fries 
I have so many questions 
Bro, do you even…nevermind 
I want to get inside your food 
It’s hard to outgrow Lego structures like these 
Tough guy takes 10 shots 
Caffrey the cat doesn’t let his handicap slow him down 
You can find beauty in the strangest places 
The biggest ice hotel in the world 
Often times Youtube comments are far more entertaining than the video itself 
Love Sucks: A 5 second film compilation 
Take a walk with Ashley Sky 
Work happens 
Take everything I have, just please mass-produce this product 
A few Valentines Day cards that are sure to get you laid 
Get low, get down, get dirty…and have a good time 
From Asia, with love 
You can have all of my nopes 
Some people’s awesomeness goes up to 11 
Ryan Tuerck goes drifting in the forest 
Owls are immortal, you know that, right? 
Kate Upton in body paint and little else 
Anybody have a sweet tooth for chocolate? 
I gotta get me a goofy girl 
Life’s too short. Have some fun 
Those dresses never looked happier 
Freezing rain, though dangerous, makes for one beautiful day 
Show of hands, who would take a job as a bridge inspector? 
What Will You Invent? 
Amazing hula hoop girl’s dance routine 
The DIRECTV Genie:  Hannah Davis 
Cute girls wearing stupid hats 
Everything is true 
It’s Monday, you could use some motivation 
The light looks brighter through a gap 
Barbie has recruited some friends and family 
Dave the cat watches hockey 
Artists that inexplicably never won a Grammy 
Life’s tough, get a dog 
If he can Find Her anyone can 
Enjoy some FLBP if your internet can handle the load 
Somebody had the willpower to make art out of Oreos instead of eating them 
Learn how to moonwalk
I can’t help but think that something’s missing here 
These are the brave men and women keeping Norway safe from her many enemies 
Russian profile pics are what you would have expected 
Feels like a lingerie kinda day 
The most majestic family of the animal kingdom 
Welcome to Derpville 
In the face of extreme evidence, this kid holds true to his lie 
Do something innovative this weekend 
This is an amazing rock we live on 
How boring were mirrors before the camera? 
Meanwhile, in the world I wish I lived in… 
The internet doesn’t care about Beyonce’s feelings 
Weddings can get weird 
A few life hacks that might just come in handy 
Mountain temples around the globe 
Speed painter on Anderson Cooper creates amazing portrait in 90 seconds 
You can’t explain that 
If these houses were women, I would do unspeakable things to them…
Scene and emo girls are a real enigma 
If I say “Japan” in the title, do I even need to mention “bizarre”? 
A few random travel facts — why not? 
Would you like to buy a little pot? 
The Harlem Shake 
Introducing Offerman Woodshop!
Boston Terrier dog really enjoys to be tickled, or so I think 
I don’t know, looks shopped to me 
Burn your bra, but be careful 
These new mail order brides might be returned to sender 
Spotting a hipster is like spotting a blue sky 
Shopping carts in the wild 
Why you don’t piss off garbage workers 
Why you shouldn’t text while riding a bike backwards 
Whatever happens don’t say Awww 
Men and women are practically a different species 
As long as there’s clothing, girls will tug on it 
I want that 
Soap for manly men — you heard me right 
Make way for the redheads! 
12 Movie plot holes that you can never un-learn 
“Well played, Sir” pranks 
Dutch uniforms vs soccer girls 
If you look closely, you can see smoke coming off this guy’s fingers and angels crying 
The best pickpocketer in the world 
A Disney themed wedding the kid in you will appreciate 
Facebook: Where geniuses and idiots collide 
Yea, I’d say you nailed it 
Come on everybody do the humpy hump… day 
Well put 
Amusing rebuttals to annoying passive aggressive notes 
One year and 17,000 photos later, Jess Dunlap creates a mind blowing time lapse ‘Monolation’ 
“Paper Cuts” of popular icons. Can you guess them all? 
Star Wars art makes its way to the streets 
Found: This Amazing Tush 
My walls feel naked without cool art like this hanging on them 
The ol’ baking soda into the ketchup bottle prank 
Yoga is easy, just add alcohol 
This three-year-old waiting for a train is the face of sheer delight 
Please, just let me help you 
Discovering the new Tapiture 
Little kid does trick shots better than I could ever dream to 
Smiles that could light up a room 
Yep, seems legit 
Russian social network girls are that perfect balance of sexy and crazy 
Paintballing with a scope cam 
A shoe phone is the next logical step said no one ever 
I miss college…
I beg to differ…some Nerf guns rock 
Automobiles have seen better days 
It’s a dude thing 
Gettin’ low, gettin’ dirty, and always havin’ a good time 
Boba Fett getting suited up for battle 
Shots of snowflakes way, way up close 
People slimming down in the name of health 
A man and his girlfriend spent an amazing year travelling the world and summed it up in this 3 minute video 
Why do these products actually exist? 
A winter mansion made out of dreams and magic 
Insanely dramatic lip-sync of the song “I Put a Spell on You” 
Finding Her should be a professional sport 
I hate to say you made a mistake but…you made a mistake 
Damn, that’s impressive 
Guy returns to his office after a long vacation to find his desk transformed 
The Hula cam is back! 
Celebrate or mourn the SB with some gaps 
That’s one helluva cigar 
Life’s tough, get a dog 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
Signs full of “WTF” 
So your team didn’t win the big game, take solace in some FLBP 
The surreal and bizarre art of Erik Johansson 
Yesterday, you watched the Super Bowl. In Japan, they did this. 
Soooo you got wasted 
A look back at some of the best plays in Super Bowl history 
There is something sexy about a woman’s back 
A compilation of “close calls” 
Celebrate Bill Murray day with some Groundhog Day facts 
You’ve got adorable written all over you 
Don’t Troll a Troll 
No context needed 
We can take mirror pics, if that’s what you’re into 
In beer pong, let’s face it, guys let the girls “distract” them 
Amazing ink drops in slow motion 
Anybody remember former iCarly cast member Emily Ratajkowski? 
Great, now my brain hurts 
Awesome Dad makes his home a blast for the kids 
Please nobody tell these girls how their clothes are supposed to work 
My bad ideas for the Weekend: football food and chicks 
Fictional cars and their real life counterparts 
In my dreams it’s already bikini season
Canned “fresh air” for sale in China?! 
Alem vs. The Metronome: some of the craziest beat boxing I’ve ever seen 
The DAR Is Late 
Meanwhile, on facebook 
I was led to believe that people weren’t supposed to be able to move like this 
Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose 
Burn your bra, but take it off first 
I hope you brought some napkins for your foodgasm 
Whoever said “glasses are for dorks” was a moron 
Reporter owns drunk chick on live TV 
Whatever happens, don’t say Awww 
An amazing rainbow over Victoria Falls 
The hashtag #CheekyBottoms was a glorious moment in human history 
23-year-old high school teacher tweets nude photos of herself, calls her students “jail bait” and talks about getting high 
Big game…IU vs U of M cheerleaders 
Darwin’s exceptions 
Celebrity polaroids 
Parenting isn’t for everybody 
Seeing red again! 
A few tricks you can teach your Google 
Come one, come all, to witness the amazing, spinning puppy ball 
Can you believe it? It’s Hump Day! 
“Key & Peele” on the incomparable Liam Neeson 
Tiffani Thiessen turns 39, takes some photos 
Mind is officially blown 
Designer turns negative client comments into funny posters 
Beautiful moments like these are life’s little flavor crystals 
A cop’s life 
Here are the Winners of this month’s Design Contest
Awesome acoustic cover of R. Kelly’s ‘Ignition’ 
Girls and graffiti are a match made in Heaven 
Colton Morris sees the world from a different vantage point 
Animals that don’t suck 
I love imagining what life could be like if I’d grown up somewhere else 
Alexandra Markina toes the line between sexy and needing a hamburger 
Abandoned skyscaper becomes home to thousands of squatters 
Girls that work hard for a little of your attention 
Holy crap, ski jumping is nauseatingly terrifying 
War hero becomes first US Veteran to receive double arm transplant 
Pretty sure this little girl could kick my ass 
What the fuuuuu 
These legs can run through my dreams any night 
That right there is a tremendously good point 
30 of the greatest school lunch snacks ever made 
Adorable little girl speaks three languages 
40 iPhone cases that make the phone 
Girls who love to have fun are why I keep pulling air into my lungs 
Found: Mandi McCoy 
I miss college…
Dining with Wolves 
Your dress made me do thingsterrible things 
It might’ve been the 80′s, but the cleavage was always the same 
This grandad playing video games is a beautiful reminder that you’re never too old to be a kid 
How to defend yourself from an attacker 
Behind the scenes of some awesome films 
I wish they weren’t, but these things are all just too true 
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras 
You’re doing it wrong 
Take a trip to Gapville 
Two Australian cops get a big surprise 
Friends, Romans, Countrymen, Find Her 
They’re gonna need a bigger boat 
The world perfectly timed like I like 
Every Monday I get really depressed until I remember to post the FLBP girls. It turns my day right around. 
Good thing ‘Pawn Stars’ Chumlee hasn’t let success go to his head or anything 
Kickstart the week with some amazing cakes 
A staple post-production visual film effect 
A beautiful pep talk from the one and only Kid President 
Sooo you got wasted 
Life is awesome 
From Asia with love 
Hot girls in the middle of nowhere 
Where do i apply for these best friend clubs? 
There are still horse masks among us 
Best photos of the week 
Enjoy “Goatbeatbox” on a drunken Friday afternoon 
I like the way you reflect 
YouTube comments are the battleground of trolls and idiots 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
Do you even lift? 
Actors that played some unrecognizable roles 
Caution: slippery when wet 
Why not have some Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
A little Asian persuasion if you know what I’m saysian 
From cheap phone to cheap steampunk masterpiece 
Walk with me to a time way back when 
The little red button is back 
Canadian and Canadian Military KCCO’s have returned!
We live in an amazing world 
The best of Actual Advice Mallard 
Bras were made to be burned 
Don’t worry, that’ll buff out… 
Whatever happens don’t say Awww 
40 inspirational speeches in 2 minutes 
Fire and Ice 
Why would you ever get out of bed? 
Nothing to do with anything: Play Energy drink girls 
I wish I could’ve been on set for some of these magical movie moments 
You missed it, didn’t you? 
True facts that are full of ‘WTF’ 
Redheads are my muse, my inspiration, my North Star 
Going to the gym is a great opportunity to see truly bizarre s#^t 
The great subway race 
Steve Irwin handles live TV snake bite like a class act 
Model takes down actor on red-eye flight via live twitter stream 
Hump Day makes me feel warm and cozy 
I want… but do I need? 
Johnny Knoxville behind the scenes teaser from Movie 43 
Nothing beats a woman’s POV 
There’s something unusual here 
Always put safety first 
He wanted a pizza oven, So by God he made himself one 
Millionaire Mom still sweeps the streets to set an example 
Cat helps with the dirty laundry 
Well played… 
Black is Beautiful 
The F-1 is awesome…but the McLaren P1 Concept doesn’t suck 
High school yearbook photos of some note-worthy famous faces 
Nothing demonstrates the enduring human spirit like some good ol’ fashioned redneck innovation 
Life is short, have a good time 
More random facts that might catch you by surprise 
So I just checked, and it turns out people are still awesome 
KU girls support their athletics with boobs. Every college should do this 
I almost got head from Amelia Earhart! 
It’s a dude thing 
Get a good night sleep tonight 
On facebook, sometimes you win and sometimes you lose 
Another wonderful car wash. Sure, why not? 
I have so many questions 
Low down ‘n’ dirty good humor 
Baby thinks dog eating popcorn is the height of comedy 
Find Everything! 
I gotta get me a goofy girl 
It’s Tuesday, you could use some motivation 
Darn it if I didn’t find some lovely ladies sporting yoga pants…again 
Oscar lived a life you and I could only dream 
The s#^* you see on public transport 
I miss college… 
80 days later, Hurricane Sandy destruction is still palpable 
Daily Morning Awesomeness 
I don’t think I could handle a story more heartwarming than Conner and Cayden Long’s 
Some FLBP on MLK day? 
Brigade DAR for MLK 
I have a dream today 
Enter the hip bone zone 
Can you guess the father of this little rascal? 
Mission Impossi-baby 
Video game logic plays by its own rules 
Journalism is a serious profession 
Steve Harvey’s emotional birthday surprise 
Elijah Aaron covers Paul Simon’s ‘Diamonds on the Soles of her Shoes’ with a loop pedal 
Come join the mirror club for women 
Garage converted into a comfortable apartment 
Bill Burr explains why Yoko Ono sucks 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
Throwback a few Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
I’m not gonna sugar coat it, I want that 
Awesome Dad sends his kid off to school in epic fashion 
Don’t ask me how, or why, instead just know that these are the gorgeous Hooters girls of Budapest 
Queen Elizabeth and 12 U.S. Presidents 
This… is my boomstick!! 
There is now a place in this universe where you can play Mario Kart. For real. 
China isn’t even trying anymore 
A very strange thing happens when you scream in Sweden at night 
Whatever happens don’t say Awwww 
I went ahead and threw away all your bras, you’re welcome.. 
Kids are like really smart dogs 
Anna Kendrick is using the twitter machine hilariously 
I miss summer 
No one man should have all that awesome 
You don’t think I forgot about the redheads, do you? 
Dog Skype 
Great and important historical photographs 
That grandest curve, the arched back 
A robot restaurant in China? They took our jobs! 
Those dresses never looked happier 
I’d say your statement warrants a Facepalm 
These nine guys spent 30 days in Europe, wearing only Tuxedos 
Paulina Gretzky is using the Instagram Machine properly 
Old dogs break into song at restaurant. Can you feel the love? 
How Counterfeit iPhones are dealt with in Russia 
Slow down, there are humps ahead 
Yeah, you nailed it 
A few eyegasms for your Wednesday 
Please, just let me help you 
Being a superhero is all about the little things 
Holy shnikes, this store is a goldmine 
Jori Lehtera scores goal without shooting 
Meanwhile, in the world I wish I lived in… 
Weather sucks…let’s go fishing with these gals 
“Baguette-me-nots,” are more proof that the internet doesn’t care for your logic 
Mother & daughter shed the pounds together 
Always remember, safety first 
A hilarious Bad Lip Reading of the NFL 
Cute girl does the Melbourne Shuffle to electro-swing music 
Lingerie is an easy way to my heart 
Welcome to the friendzone 
A tribute to internet icons 
7 billion people in the world, a few of these are bound to exist 
If you like tattoos get in here 
American beach rugby is why I wrap myself in the flag and have a bowl of whiskey cereal every morning 
I consider myself a smart man, but I got nothing on geniuses like this 
Something I had growing up in the Midwest, that I miss in LA, are unusual cloud formations 
You had ONE job 
Making a chocolate bar that will make all other chocolate bars feel inadequate 
Police chase gets real 
I love squinting wishfully at girls I can’t see clearly 
When the zombie apocalypse hits, you would hope to have makeup skills like these 
Amazingly this isn’t Photoshopped, these animals exist 
Have a low down ‘n’ dirty good time 
There is a land still unexplained by science and untouched by reason. That land is Russia’s roads. 
F*ck 
Victoria Silvstedt believes big love comes in small packages 
The duel of the singing parrots — who ya got? 
Gaps make the Mondays a little easier 
Dream pads to inspire 
What in the holy Hell is wrong with this world? 
A few bikini clad girls have a carwash cuz last I checked this is ‘Merica 
Bikini workout girl doesn’t understand how waves work 
Every man deserves an epic battlestation 
Life’s tough, get a dog 
Let’s put an end to all the confusion. Find Her 
It’s not the 60′s or 70′s, this is the 2014 Corvette Stingray 
On the set of some of your favorite classic films 
Target items get the googly eye treatment 
Speaking of googly eyes — FLBP 
So, I saw a sign from God…
The best anti-speeding ad I’ve ever seen is the perfect start to a Monday morning 
The Harbin Ice and Snow Sculpture Festival 
We found your camera 
Unintentionally hilarious moments in comics 
Derpy tattoos unite! 
You’re free mouse, go live your life! 
Hot girls in the middle of nowhere 
Don’t ever take yourself too seriously 
2013 Oscar movie titles if they were honest 
Friday Dopamine Dump 
I got her a mirror, girls love mirrors 
Big dog teaches puppy how stairs work 
Couple wanted a sailboat, so they built one — that simple 
You are stuck: Dog edition 
Amazing last-second shot from an unlikely hero 
The heart warming story of Francis the dog 
I want that 
Bad girls bend at the waist 
You can find beauty in the strangest places 
Make sure to stretch out before destroying yourself this weekend 
Slowly sip on a drink as you take a lovely trip down memory lane 
The Giant Squid is one of those ocean things so crazy I can’t believe it exists on this Earth 
Welcome to Cat Island 
“Do you want to get married?” prank plays out beautifully 
Burning one’s bra is an ancient tradition 
That is not what I expected 
Kids drawings that win the internet prize 
A cave so big it has its own jungle 
Pet Parrotlet plays peek-a-boo 
As long as there’s clothing, girls will tug on it 
Redheads, don’t act like you don’t know you’re amazing 
The world’s biggest bonfire ever constructed 
A surpisingly nice li’l house on wheels 
Great evil quotes from the “bad guys” in movies 
Simple bear safety tips for your safety 
I really wish I could’ve been there for these beautiful moments 
Man invents his own brand of piano playing 
Hump Day presented in new fangled high-def 
Don’t want! 
Photography at its finest 
An external hard drive worthy of its own post? 
Home theaters so cool even your wildest dreams can’t compete with them 
How much abs is too much abs? 
The invisible driver prank 
The Red Panda might be the cutest animal on the internet 
Animals are kind of awesome aren’t they? 
20 facts that will boggle your mind 
Former fattest man in the world before and after losing half the weight 
You just got back to work and already you need to get away 
High School kid plays guitar at a level not of this world 
Behind the scenes of awesome films 
Four eyes can be better than two 
Chelsie Farah is using the Twitter Machine properly 
Daily motivation 
Men’s personal ads from the ’60s are precious 
Sister secretly records older brother’s acoustic cover of ‘Hit the Road Jack’ 
I gotta get me a goofy girl 
Using a crappy old radio to protect the real one — brilliant! 
The girl behind these amazing abs 
Workout products the 1970s swore by 
’80s supermodels then and now 
This poor man just wants to teach you the dangers of electro-static discharge 
50 Reasons To Have Sex 
First gaps of the new year 
Fastest water bottle consumption ever 
Oh Sh!t 
The photos that inspired Norman Rockwell’s paintings 
It takes a village to Find Her 
Now that’s a good point right there 
News reporter takes a critical hit live on air 
Life’s tough, get a dog 
Putting a log to some good use 
Fantastic fridge doodles by Charlie Layton 
It’s FLBP Monday, isn’t that great!?! 
A rainbow colored igloo made from an unlikely source  
The highlights from a year of fighting fires 
My favorite Tapiture photos 
And I can’t even color in between the lines 
Enjoy the playoffs with a side of cleavage 
Soooo… you got wasted 
Hot girls in the middle of nowhere 
Amazing acapella cover of Taylor Swift’s “I Knew You Were Trouble” 
Meanwhile in the continent that I wish I lived in.. 
A different kind of cuteness overload 
Best photos of the week 
Do something innovative this weekend 
Milk in my sippy cup 
It’s almost the weekend, and I just DGAF 
Every mirror should come with a camera 
Day 34: Yep, these polar bears definitely don’t believe I’m one of them 
Adorable 3-year-old girl breaks down botched call by ref 
Please nobody tell these girls how clothes are supposed to work 
Re-match: Florida vs Louisville cheerleaders 
Don’t think about the pricetag, just enjoy the splendors that are found in these houses 
Girls working out for the weekend 
Trapping a bobcat is easy. Setting him free’s the hard part 
Burn your bra, it’ll keep us warm! 
Son uses “Old Prospector” mannequin to prank the Hell out of his mother 
On facebook, sometimes you win and sometimes you lose 
Putting out a boat fire like a boss 
A woman’s abs are something like magic 
Perfectly timed photos are a little slice of internet Heaven 
One-piece bathing suits might not be the popular girl, but they work so much harder to please you 
Holy S#%^, we’re getting old fast 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
This girl knows how to put up a great Facebook cover photo 
Daily Morning Awesomeness 
The world’s shortest escalator is a thing of beauty and magnificence 
Let’s never part ways again.. happy Hump Day! 
You’re doing it right 
Deep bass beatboxing champion 
Meanwhile, in the world I wish I lived in… 
Original concept art of famous film characters 
Great celebrity photos you have likely never seen 
If you unwrap a gift full of memes, you’re gonna have a bad time 
Top 10 New Years resolutions demonstrated by cats 
Damn Nature, you are one crazy mother 
Pennsylvania man builds his own Hobbit house because, well, why the Hell not? 
Animals that don’t suck 
Dad builds his son the best bed EVER 
There’s nothing more beautiful than pure joy in the eyes of a grown man 
5…4…3…2…1…HAPPY FLBP!!!!!! 
Mice are capable of much more than I ever gave them credit 
The best of the best of Tapiture 
These are some of the smrtest pictures I’ve used so far 
Hot girls in the middle of nowhere 
It’s really hard to say, but I think these may be the sexiest of all the photos I’ve posted 
I’ve put up a lot of weird, weird photos, but these are definitely the weirdest 
Meet us at the Green Parrot in Key West on Sunday
Of all the photos I’ve posted, I think these are the funniest 
Dream Cars of the Year: part 1 
Merry Christmas Everybody!! 
Top Tapiture photos of the week 
Winter can be a beautiful thing 
You’ve got a beautiful smile 
Christmas lights make December worth it 
It’s a Christmas miracle! GIFS work on iPhone App!
Don’t cross the fruit ninjadon’t even think about it 
Mirrors, helping girls take pictures since 1913 
Please let me help you 
No context needed 
Alison Brie sings Santa Baby 
The end of the world doesn’t come without its Tweets 
Hoisting an escalator to the 101st floor of 1 WTC is no small feat 
You can’t explain that, don’t even bother trying 
Caution: slippery when wet 
Have a happy Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Time to take that magical trip down memory lane 
Construction isn’t for everyone 
Desktop wallpapers make the perfect last-minute holiday gifts 
Successful ‘White Elephant’ gift wrapping surprise 
I want that 
This elderly couple’s commercial outtakes could not possibly be more adorable 
21 Undisputed facts of Christmas
Enhanced Green and Black KCCO Hoodies have returned!
Cat flips out over the sound of Mario jumping 
Bras were made to be burned 
Sh*t I want 
Would the Internet lie? 
I guess that’s one way to do it 
Forget dogs and cats, I’m getting a goat 
Whatever happens, don’t say Awww 
Historic photos get a color makeover 
The grandest curve of them all, the arched back 
Redheads are my favorite Christmas color 
Boy, that escalated quickly 
An Asian teen fashion trend that boggles my mind 
One badass man celebrates a homeless woman’s birthday, and her smile could light up the world 
15 Things We Won’t Miss About 2012 
A heavy dose of irony 
The Glitch 
Unwrap your Hump Day gifts a little early 
Nailed it 
How to make your dog sound scarier 
It’s the hope of seeing beautiful moments like these that gets me out of bed in the morning 
The art behind amazing prosthetic eyeballs 
O Christmas tree, O Christmas tree…
Why can’t we all just get along? 
Well played… 
Russian clubs, where Beauty and WTF have a play date 
Please help, “Bring home U.S. Marine Jon Hammer” 
A clever way to get somebody to stop smoking 
Animals that don’t suck 
So I’m told “Frosting” is what the kids are into these days 
It’s almost winter break, you should get away 
A few celebrity photos I’d rather forget of the year 2012 
2012: It’s been quite a year 
Would somebody explain to this battle-rap hype man that he’s NOT helping 
The Best Tweets of 2012 
Asian women are just something special 
Ten holiday facts you might not know about the movie ‘Elf’ 
So brilliantly well put 
Daily motivation 
Lioness shows amazing trust in man with her cubs 
Here are the finalists…Vote Now
Another survival bunker built because in ‘Merica you never can be too careful 
Dogs bring much needed relief to a devastated community 
Celebrity sideboob. Need I say more? 
Girls who love to have fun are why the sun keeps shining 
Grab a stick and let’s play some hockey 
I miss college
New mail order brides are ready to set sail 
It’s cold outside, but I’m still dreaming of bikinis 
A few household items that also serve as healing remedies 
Dirty humor for those, like me, who refuse to grow up 
Real girls versus their anime counterparts 
This blind wrestler makes me feel bad about every excuse I’ve ever given 
I’ve seen some spazzy cats in my day, but this one takes the cake 
Add a little gap for your Mondays 
On facebook, sometimes you win and sometimes you lose 
Guess their profession? 
Get back in the game with some sexy girls in sports bras 
I have so many questions 
Truck on truck tug-of-war escalates quickly 
Lady celebs working hard to keep their butts in business 
A few storyboards from some of your favorite films 
It’s Monday, you could use some motivation 
I hope you just Found Her? 
The best selling Christmas gifts from 1980 to 2011 
Spreading holiday cheer is best done through FLBP 
A few random facts that might catch you by surprise 
It just wouldn’t be the internet without Russia 
Signs full of ‘WTF’ 
Journey to Victoria Falls and take a dip in the “Devil’s Pool” 
Gandalf and Gollum do a strange, dramatic rendition of ‘Bohemian Rhapsody’ 
Life is Awesome 
Relax with some girls in lingerie 
Hot girls in the middle of nowhere 
There are horse masks among us 
The timeless wisdom of Gary Busey 
That mirror was a good purchase 
Welcome to ‘Using Mistletoe 101′ 
Anchor receives some breaking news during interview 
You missed it, didn’t you? 
GAME ON!!! 
I like girls because squishy 
I’m pretty confident in my Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
Fire up this week’s Choose your Ride 
Well, that escalated quickly 
New Zealand opens a real-life Hobbit bar 
If the Mayans are correct, this is what it will look like on December 21st 
This video is stupid, but I dare you not to laugh 
Forever Alone Meets Michelle Jenneke 
Why have bras not been banned yet? 
The coolest mayor in the world has a daughter…
Que? 
Apparently everybody is planning for the end of the world, this time it’s Noah’s Ark 
The rare volleyball triple headshot 
Crew of Halo fans build their own real “Warthog” vehicle from scrap  
There aren’t many things more beautiful than a bare back 
Talk about form over function: 4×4 lawn mowers 
Those dresses never looked happier 
The IKEA monkey is all the rage these days 
You can’t explain that 
Sexy, young, Hollywood 
Who knew Bane liked to freestyle so much? 
‘The Hunger GameRs’ is a movie I could get behind 
It’s finally hump day! 
Sh*t I want 
The view is always better from a woman’s POV 
Mother of god, now there are two of them 
A beautiful montage of what we searched for in 2012 
Dear God that’s impressive 
If you live in any of these houses then you officially win at life 
AskMen has made a list of the 99 most desirable women of 2013 
Every man’s ideal girlfriend 
“Ball Bunkers” built in preparation for the end of the world…as we know it 
Nobody in the world needs new friends more than this guy 
This is Zoe’s story 
Meet Zoe Lush 
The ‘Pilobolus Dance Theatre Shadowland’ will blow your mind 
I don’t have enough nopes to give 
These ideas will revolutionize the world! 
Celebrity portraits constructed from various materials 
An invisible umbrella…go onnn 
When skateboarding meets parkour 
A Britney Spears look-alike that makes nearly $500,000 a year 
Arguably the world’s dumbest bank robber ever 
I always appreciate some good ol’ redneck innovation 
Not your average gingerbread man…
So this is easily the most awesome moment I can imagine a kid experiencing 
Gaps will help with the monday blues 
Goomba’s last stand will change your view of Mario forever 
I wish I were half as smart as the geniuses behind all this 
Wtf is happening with the ads on facebook? 
Who would take a job on this private island? 
A very inspirational lift 
Quite possibly the coolest mayor in the world 
Is our universe real? Also, Find Her 
As is custom, here are some gorgeous FLBP candidates on a Monday 
Mmmm…what’s that hauntingly good taste in this coffee? 
20 amazing moats around the world 
It’s Monday morning, but here’s a little kid playing in a puddle 
She’s got legs for miles 
These people take sand castles a bit more seriously 
Hop on the herpderp express 
Douchebag level achieved 
Daily Afternoon Randomness 
The headbutting king of, dare I say, THE WORLD 
Please, just… just let me help you 
I’ll get that girl a mirror, girls love mirrors 
Whammy! More perfectly timed sports 
Wow, this is just awful 
This guy’s sleight of hand will blow your f*@cking mind 
The most Googled women on the web in 2012 
On the bright side…I’ve got Bad Ideas for the Weekend 
It has been a while since you upgraded your desktop wallpaper 
A little Asian persuasion if you know what I’m saysian 
Hugh Hefner’s new squeeze to be 
A dog driving a car. I’m not kidding. 
The world’s cutest bear attackever 
History’s biggest rivalries 
Pictures are funnier with captions 
Burn your bra 
This is why you’re single 
Kitchen gadgets that might just be game-changers 
Suddenly, a boat 
Don’t mind our pet rhino 
Gather ’round everybody, group photo… 
Tugging on your clothes is an excellent form of exercise 
Distinguishing between knee and thigh highs isn’t happening in this gallery 
Here come the redheads to save the day 
Some faces just weren’t meant to be swapped 
Apparently you can make an AK-47 out of just about anything 
Behind the scenes with “Freaks and Geeks” 
The breathtaking beauty of our world will never stop amazing me 
Doin’ the Humpty Hump 
Behind the scenes of classic films 
I felt uninspired this morning, and then I saw this girl 
I wish I could’ve been there for these beautiful moments 
FLBP spelled backwards is Andrea 
Sweet dreams tonight… 
Jay-Z rides the subway, explains who he is to an adorable old woman 
When graffiti is done right it’s a beautiful thing 
Restoring faith in humanity one random act of kindness at a time 
An iPhone that really can do everything 
There’s something unusual here… 
Washington delivers something…that I like 
50 and older celebrity ladies that can still seduce 
Student lives life on his terms, not on his restrictions 
Fit girls were up early working hard for that body 
Doc, I could use a lift 
Don’t ever underestimate someone just because they’re in a stroller 
Cheaters never prosper sometimes 
Dinosaur prank executed to near perfection 
That’s a really nice…shirt… 
Hungry yet? 
The triumphs and tribulations of the high school prom 
You can find beauty in the strangest places 
Cat vs. Bob Marley 
I miss college
Vintage flying-low…a mix of crazy and huge balls 
Dirty humor for those, like me, who refuse to grow up 
It’s that special time of year again when yoga pants run rampant 
Visit Dar al-Hajar, aka the “rock palace” 
Further up Yonder: a holiday message from the crew of the ISS 
Found: Alana Blanchard 